<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1437578_0001437578-23-000005.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16264573</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1294544</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2725966</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5260704</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3593473</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3087792</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437578-23-000005.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228163208
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437578-23-000005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		124
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BRIGHT HORIZONS FAMILY SOLUTIONS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001437578
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-CHILD DAY CARE SERVICES [8351]
		IRS NUMBER:				800188269
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35780
		FILM NUMBER:		23686048

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 WELLS AVENUE
		CITY:			NEWTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02459
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-673-8000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 WELLS AVENUE
		CITY:			NEWTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02459

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BRIGHT HORIZONS SOLUTIONS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080612

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437578-23-000005.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 bfam-20221231.htm
 10-K

bfam-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022 was approximately billion. 
 As of February 15, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 BRIGHT HORIZONS FAMILY SOLUTIONS INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Part I. Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 18 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 28 
 Item 2. Properties 
 28 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 29 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 29 
 Part II. Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 31 
 Item 6. [ Reserved ] 
 32 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 47 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 49 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 87 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 87 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 90 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 90 
 Part III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 90 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 90 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 90 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 90 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 90 
 Part IV. Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 90 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 92 
 Signatures 
 93 

2 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes statements that express our opinions, expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or projections regarding future events or future results and therefore are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the Act ). The following cautionary statements are being made pursuant to the provisions of the Act and with the intention of obtaining the benefits of the safe harbor provisions of the Act. These forward-looking statements can generally be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms believes, expects, may, will, should, seeks, projects, approximately, intends, plans, estimates or anticipates, or, in each case, their negatives or other variations or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this Annual Report and include statements regarding our intentions, beliefs or current expectations concerning, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects, the industries in which we and our partners operate, the impact of COVID-19 and its variants on our near term and long term operations, the effects of a cyber-attack, data breach or other security incident on our information technology system or software or those of our third-party vendors, our expectations around timing to enroll and ramp centers and back-up care services, enrollment, occupancy and overall recovery, timing for revenue improvement, our cost management and cost-saving initiatives, labor costs and labor market, continued performance and contributions from our back-up care segment and new use types, improvement in traditional in-center back-up care use and expansion of back-up care solutions, impact of the macroeconomic environment and general economic conditions (including the impact of inflation), access, availability and impact of government support programs, impact of vaccine mandates, our growth in services, changing industry, geographic, labor, workforce and demographic trends, our market share and leadership position, performance and growth factors, demand for services and changing needs of clients and customers, quality of our service offerings, our value proposition and client return on investment, seasonality, competitive strengths and differentiators, client retention rate and satisfaction, parent satisfaction, health and safety protocols and proposition, growth strategies, workforce training and education, opportunities for expansion, acquisition strategy and integration, investments, including in technology, marketing and personnel, utilization rates, marketing strategies, cross-selling opportunities, marketing initiatives and brand awareness, impact of our human capital and DE I initiatives, intellectual property, legal and regulatory compliance, employee and labor relationships, ability to attract new clients, our geographic reach, our debt and indebtedness and covenants, ability to obtain financing, ability to attract key employees, dividend policy, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, our properties and facilities, accreditation and quality standards, classroom ratios, outcome of litigation and legal matters and proceedings, future interest payments, interest rates and hedge agreements, amortization expense, goodwill estimates, impairments, cash flow and use of cash, operating and capital expenditures, cash from operations, fixed asset expenditures, tax rates and estimates, tax audits and settlements, tax benefits and equity transactions, credit risk, critical accounting policies and estimates, impact of new accounting pronouncements, share repurchases, and insurance and worker s compensation claims. 
 By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We believe that these risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report and in our other public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Although we base these forward-looking statements on assumptions that we believe are reasonable when made, we caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report. In addition, even if our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industry in which we operate, are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 
 Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement that we make in this Annual Report speaks only as of the date of such statement, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to any of those statements to reflect future events or developments, except as required by law. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Our Company 
 For 35 years, Bright Horizons has been a champion for working families designing and delivering innovative education and care solutions. We are a leading provider of high-quality early education and child care, family care solutions, and workforce education services that are designed to help working families and client employees thrive personally and professionally. We provide services primarily under multi-year contracts with employers who offer early education and child care, back-up care, and educational advisory and other services as part of their employee benefits packages. These benefits help employers support their employees across life and career stages and to improve recruitment, employee engagement, productivity, retention, and career advancement. We are committed to providing the highest quality of education, care and service across all of our offerings. 
 We are organized in three reportable segments, which are aligned with our service offerings as follows: 
 full service center-based child care (approximately 74 of our revenue in 2022); 
 back-up care (approximately 20 of our revenue in 2022); and 
 educational advisory and other services (approximately 6 of our revenue in 2022). 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had more than 1,400 client relationships with employers across a diverse array of industries, including more than 215 Fortune 500 companies. As of December 31, 2022, we operated 1,078 early education and child care centers with the capacity to serve approximately 120,000 children and their families in the United States, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Australia, and India. 
 Our History 
 Guided by our HEART principles Honesty, Excellence, Accountability, Respect, and Teamwork we have operated early education and child care centers for employers and working parents since 1986. In 1998, we transformed our organization through the merger of Bright Horizons, Inc. and Corporate Family Solutions, Inc., both then Nasdaq-listed companies that were founded in 1986 and 1987, respectively. We were listed on Nasdaq from 1998 to May 2008 when we were acquired by investment funds affiliated with Bain Capital Partners LLC (referred to as our going private transaction ). On January 30, 2013, we completed our initial public offering, and our common stock became listed on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol BFAM. 
 Throughout our history, we have continued to grow while investing in our future. We have extended our international footprint to become a leading provider in the center-based child care market in the United Kingdom and have expanded into the Netherlands and India as a platform for further international expansion. Additionally, on July 1, 2022, we expanded our footprint into Australia with the acquisition of Only About Children OAC ), a high-quality operator of approximately 75 early education and child care centers. In the United States, we have grown our partnerships with employer clients by expanding and enhancing our back-up care family supports, including the addition of elder care, virtual tutoring, school-age camps, and pet care; by developing and growing our educational advisory services; and by adding to our other services by acquiring the Sittercity business. We continue to invest in new technologies to better support our full suite of services as well as enhance our customers user experience, and we have increased our digital marketing efforts with additional focus on driving use of our services and maximizing enrollment in centers. 
 Industry Overview and Trends 
 We compete in the global market for early education and child care services as well as the market for workforce education services offered by clients as benefits to their employees. 
 The child care industry generally can be divided into center-based and home-based child care. Our full service segment operates in the center-based market, which is highly fragmented. The center-based child care market includes both retail and employer-sponsored centers. The employer-sponsored model has always been central to our business and is characterized by a single employer or consortium of employers entering into a long-term contract for the provision of child care at a center located at or near the employer sponsor s worksite. We believe we are one of the largest high quality providers of employer-sponsored child care. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, we operate in the growing market for back-up care, which primarily consists of center-based back-up care, and in-home care. We also operate in the expanding market of educational advisory services, which consists of workforce education, tuition assistance, student loan repayment and related educational advising, as well as college admissions and college financial advisory services. We believe we are one of the largest and highest quality providers of back-up care and educational advisory services. 
 We believe that the following key factors contribute to growth in the markets for employer-sponsored child care, back-up care, and educational advisory services. 
 Recognized Return on Investment to Employers 
 We believe employers across industries are looking at child care solutions, including on-site and near-site child care and other dependent care solutions, to enhance their employee value proposition. We believe employers are looking to deploy creative solutions to address labor challenges and as part of an overall recruitment and retention strategy to attract their workforce back to the office and keeping them engaged onsite. Our broad suite of solutions positions us well to assist employers with these strategies. 
 Studies conducted through our workforce consulting practice indicate that employer sponsors of center-based child care and back-up care services realize strong returns on their investments, particularly in terms of reduced turnover and increased productivity. We estimate that users of our back-up care services have been able to work an average of six additional days annually that they otherwise would have missed due to breakdowns in child care arrangements. Additionally, according to a 2022 survey of our families, 90 of parents reported enhanced productivity as a result of their employer offering back-up care, and 86 of employees reported their back-up care benefit makes them more committed to their employer. In particular, our ability to continue to deliver a variety of child care support services and solutions to meet the needs of children and families during the pandemic demonstrated the value and importance of our services to our client partners, including the role our services played in ensuring those partners could continue to deliver on their own business priorities. We believe that this return on investment for employers, demonstrated across our full suite of solutions, will result in additional growth in employer-sponsored center-based child care, back-up care and educational advisory services. 
 Evolving Workforce 
 We believe the labor challenges brought on by the pandemic have heightened employers sensitivity to their employee value proposition, and Bright Horizons services can be a significant element of their strategy to address this. While the pandemic impacted the workforce by shifting from traditional office environments to remote work, we believe the need for center-based child care services remains robust and back-up care continues to be a critical support for both remote and office-based employees. Additionally, we expect that employees will continue to return to traditional office environments in the future, and the demand for child care supports for working parents will likewise increase. We also believe there is elevated focus and emphasis on recruitment and retention by employers, as well as on continuing education, training and up-skilling of the existing workforce. Due to the evolution and introduction of new technologies, as well as increased competition for talent, employers are focused on the needs of their employees. We believe that the modern worker values efforts by employers to support employees across life and career stages that help them thrive in the workplace, by providing access to degree and non-degree programs. As automation, digital transformation, and other advances change nearly every facet of the labor market, there is an increased need for the continuing education and up-skilling of the existing workforce. 
 We believe these growing needs and changing trends, coupled with increased competition for talent, will encourage employers to invest in solutions and supports that enable workers to realize their full professional potential. Investments in center-based early education and child care, back-up care and educational advisory services will help employers meet their strategic goals, bolster employee engagement, recruitment, retention and address benefit equity amongst their workforce. We believe our broad suite of solutions across early education and child care, back-up care and educational advisory services positions Bright Horizons well to be a provider of choice for employers looking to deploy creative and impactful solutions to support their employees and their benefits needs. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Participation of Working Parents in the Workforce 
 A significant percentage of parents currently participate in the workforce, making child care services and family supports critical to employees and employers and the overall health of the economy. While the pandemic impacted the workforce by temporarily reducing the number of working parents and shifting from traditional office environments to remote or hybrid work, we believe workforce participation levels will return to pre-COVID levels in the future, and the demand for child care supports for working parents will likewise increase. In 2022, women working full-time comprised approximately 50 of the workforce in the U.S., according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Additionally, in 2021, 66 of mothers with children under the age of six participated in the workforce in the U.S., and more than 60 of two-parent households comprised dual career earners. Despite workforce demographic shifts related to COVID-19, we believe that the number of working mothers, single and dual working parent families will return to pre-COVID-19 trends over time, resulting in an increasing need for child and dependent care, as well as other workplace solutions that support employees at each life and career stage. 
 Growing Demand for High-Quality Center-Based Early Education and Child Care Services 
 We believe that recognition of the importance of early education and consistent quality child care has led to increased interest in high quality center-based early education and child care. There is continued focus on the establishment of objective, standards-based methods of defining and measuring the quality of child care, such as accreditation. We believe robust health and safety protocols and the social, educational and other developmental opportunities presented by center-based care are important factors for families when determining the preferred care options for their children. According to a 2019 study conducted by the National Center for Education Statistics, more than 60 of families sought center-based care. In a highly fragmented market comprised largely of center operators lacking scale, we believe clients and families will favor larger industry participants with greater resources to consistently achieve the high quality standards and needs of clients and families. Additionally, child care center closures brought on by the pandemic have resulted in a decrease in overall available capacity. We also believe that the increasing emphasis on the importance of early education and child care, and ongoing efforts to make child care affordable and available for working families, will contribute to further growth in the global early education and child care market as well as the developing markets for back-up care and educational advisory services. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 We are in the unique position of educating the next generation, and with that responsibility comes the opportunity to make a difference by modeling for children and families an environment that is open, curious, and genuinely interested in what is different, and reflects broad diversity within our teaching staff. Our curriculum and teacher training programs are designed to support inclusive classrooms and create culturally authentic learning environments that celebrate and explore all backgrounds and experiences. We are also exploring with clients how our services support their diversity, equity and inclusion objectives, particularly in workforce education. We believe that our workforce education offerings, along with back-up care and early education, can be a vital element of an employer s diversity, equity and inclusion strategy. Our services not only help employers attract and retain employees from different backgrounds, but more important, can also help to propel the career growth and development of employees who historically have had less access to higher education. 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 We believe we are a provider, partner and employer of choice because of our dedication to providing high-quality solutions to those we serve. 
 Market Leading Service Provider 
 We believe we are a leader in employer-sponsored center-based child care, back-up care, and educational advisory services, and that the breadth, depth and quality of our service offerings developed over a successful 35 year history represent significant competitive advantages. We estimate we have approximately six times more employer-sponsored centers in the United States than our closest competitor. We believe the broad geographic reach of our early education and child care centers and workplace solutions, with targeted clusters of centers in areas where we believe demand is generally higher and where demographics are attractive, provides us with a competitive platform to market our suite of services to new and existing clients. 
 Our business is anchored in our commitment to consistently provide high-quality service offerings to employers and families. We have designed our child care centers to meet or exceed applicable accreditation and rating standards in all of our key markets, including standards set in the United States by the National Academy of Early Childhood Programs, a division of the National Association for the Education of Young Children (NAEYC), in the United Kingdom by the Office of Standards in Education, Children s Services and Skills (OFSTED), and in Australia by the Education Council and Australian Children s Education and Care Quality Authority (ACECQA). We believe our commitment to achieving accreditation standards offers a competitive advantage in attracting and retaining families and in securing employer sponsorship opportunities as an increasing number of potential and existing employer clients require or expect adherence to accreditation criteria. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Our proprietary curriculum and educational practices are informed by the science of early learning and research on childhood development. Our resources and training programs guide teachers as they transform this research into practice through high-quality learning experiences and evidence-based instructional practices. We also believe that low teacher-to-child ratios and small group sizes are critical factors in delivering our curriculum effectively as well as helping to facilitate more personalized care. Our programs provide teacher-to-child ratios and group sizes that meet or exceed licensing standards. 
 Dedicated to the highest quality services in every category in which we operate, our standards of quality also extend to our back-up care and educational advisory services, whether care is delivered in Bright Horizons child care centers, through the quality child care centers and in-home care providers participating in our proprietary back-up care network, or advising provided by our team of education experts. In addition to our annual client retention rate of approximately 95 , we have consistently achieved satisfaction ratings of over 90 among respondents in our parent satisfaction surveys, which is a testament to our ability to deliver on our commitment to quality. 
 Collaborative, Long-Term Relationships with Diverse Customer Base 
 We have more than 1,400 client relationships with employers across a diverse array of industries, including more than 215 of the Fortune 500 companies, with our largest client contributing 1 of our revenue in 2022 and our largest 10 clients representing approximately 8 of our revenue in the same year. Our business model emphasizes multi-year employer sponsorship contracts where our clients typically fund the development of new child care centers (which are typically owned or leased by the sponsor) at or near their worksites and frequently support the ongoing operations of these centers through operating subsidies. 
 Our multiple service points with both employers and employees give us unique insight into the corporate culture of our clients and enables us to identify and provide innovative and tailored solutions to address our clients specific and evolving needs. In addition to full service center-based child care, we provide access to a multi-national back-up care network and educational advisory support, allowing us to offer various combinations of services and solutions to best meet the needs of specific clients or specific locations for a single client across geographies and life and career stages. We believe our tailored, collaborative approach to employer-sponsored dependent care and educational advising has contributed to an annual client retention rate of approximately 95 for employer-sponsored centers over the past 10 years and has allowed us to cross-sell and expand our service offerings to existing clients. 
 Market Leading People Practices 
 Our ability to deliver consistently high-quality care, education and other services is directly related to our ability to attract, retain, motivate and develop our skilled workforce. We have consistently been named as a top employer by third-party sources in the United States, the United Kingdom and the Netherlands, including being named as one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For by Fortune magazine 20 times, as well as a great place to work in the United Kingdom and in the Netherlands by the Great Place to Work Institute. We have also been named one of the Top Places to Work by the Boston Globe 13 times and the Denver Post nine times. 
 We believe the education and experience of our center leaders and teachers exceed the industry average. In addition to ongoing in-center training, we have an in-house online training university that allows our employees to earn nationally-recognized child development credentials. Additionally, our Horizons Teacher Degree Program provides our early educators the ability to earn an associate and bachelor s degree in early childhood education completely paid for by Bright Horizons with no out-of-pocket expenses to the employee. We believe this program is unique in our industry and will continue to distinguish us as an employer of choice while helping to retain and incentivize teachers to grow their careers at Bright Horizons. For more information about our market leading people practices, please see the subsection below entitled Human Capital Management. 
 Capital-Efficient Operating Model Provides Platform for Growth with Attractive Economics 
 We have a long history of proven financial results despite broader macro-economic fluctuations. With employer sponsors funding the majority of the capital required for new centers developed on their behalf, and our back-up services provided through our own center portfolio and third party providers, we have been able to grow our business with limited capital investment, which has contributed to strong cash flows from operations. 
 Proven Acquisition Track Record 
 We have an established acquisition team that pursues targets using a proven framework to effectively evaluate potential transactions with the goal of maximizing our return on investment while minimizing risk. Over the last ten years, we have completed the acquisition of approximately 430 child care centers in the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia and the Netherlands, as well as providers of back-up care services and educational advisory and other services in the United States and the United Kingdom, helping us expand our client base, enhance the scope and reach of our service offerings, broaden our technological capabilities, and offer new services. In 2022, we acquired 78 child care centers. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Our Growth Strategy 
 We believe there are significant opportunities to continue to grow our business globally by executing on the following proven strategies. 
 Grow Our Client Relationships 
 Secure Relationships with New Employer Clients. Our addressable market includes approximately 13,000 employers, each with at least 1,000 employees, within the industries that we currently serve in the United States and the United Kingdom. Our dedicated sales team focuses on establishing new client relationships and is supported by our workforce consulting practice, which helps potential clients identify the precise offerings that will best meet their strategic goals. 
 Cross-Sell and Expand Services to Existing Employer Clients. We believe there is a significant opportunity to increase the number of our clients that use more than one of our services and to expand the services we provide to existing clients. Since going public in 2013, we have more than doubled the number of our clients who utilize more than one of our services to more than 425 clients as of December 31, 2022. 
 Continue to Expand Through the Assumption of Management of Existing Sponsored Child Care Centers. Periodically, we assume the management of existing centers from the incumbent management which enables us to develop new client relationships, typically with no capital investment and no purchase price payment. 
 Enable Continued Investments in Quality 
 We look for opportunities to invest in quality to ensure we fulfill our commitment of research-based early education excellence as a way to enhance our reputation and partnership with our clients, their employees, and the families we serve through enhanced curriculum and enrichment activities, teacher education and development programs, and ongoing program evaluation. For parents and families, we offer timely webinar series and monthly podcasts that reflect current issues facing families and provide parenting tips and insights, as well as share our curriculum with families at home through our online platforms. By developing a strong reputation for high-quality services and facilities, we have been able to support price increases that have kept pace with our cost increases. 
 Increase Utilization at Existing Centers and Use of Back-up Care and Educational Advisory Services 
 We are continually looking to increase enrollment levels and utilization in our profit and loss centers in order to achieve continued growth and improved center economics. We look for opportunities to increase the use of our back-up care and educational advisory services, not only by growing client relationships, but also by driving use with existing clients. Over the last two years, we expanded our back-up care offerings to include virtual tutoring and pet care, and broadened our school-age camp programs addressing education and care needs while extending the coverage of our services. We continue to invest in new technologies to better support our full suite of services and to enhance our customers user experience to help drive utilization. We have expanded our marketing efforts with additional focus on driving awareness and use of our services, with a focus on maximizing occupancy levels in centers where we can improve our economics with increased enrollment and participant usage of Back-up Care and Educational Advisory services. 
 Selectively Add New Lease/Consortium Centers and Expand Through Acquisitions 
 We have typically added between 10 and 15 new lease/consortium centers (as more fully described below) annually, focusing on urban or surrounding markets where demand is generally higher and where income demographics are generally more supportive of our high-quality centers. In addition, we have a long track record of successfully completing and integrating selective acquisitions across all business lines. The domestic and international markets for child care and other work and family support services remain highly fragmented and, as we look to fiscal 2023 and beyond, we will continue to seek attractive opportunities both for center acquisitions and the acquisition of complementary service offerings. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Our Operations 
 Our services are designed to help families, employers, and their employees solve the challenges of the modern workforce across life and career stages. Our services are comprised of full service center-based child care, back-up care, and educational advisory and other services, which are also our reportable segments. Full service center-based child care includes traditional center-based early education and child care, preschool, and elementary education. Back-up care includes center-based back-up child care, in-home care for children and adult/elder dependents, school-age camps, virtual tutoring, pet care and self-sourced reimbursed care. Educational advisory and other services consist of tuition assistance and student loan repayment program management, workforce education, related educational advising, college advisory services, and Sittercity, an online marketplace for families and caregivers. The following table sets forth our segment results for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Full service center-based child care Back-up care Educational advisory and other services Total (In thousands, except percentages) Revenue 1,493,758 409,554 117,175 2,020,487 As a percentage of total revenue 74 20 6 100 Income from operations 12,937 118,788 25,860 157,585 As a percentage of total income from operations 9 75 16 100 
 Additional segment information is included in Note 18, Segment and Geographic Information , to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Full Service Center-Based Child Care Services 
 We provide full service center-based child care at centers located at or near an employer sponsor s worksite, as well as convenient locations within the community. We operate our centers under two principal business models: a profit and loss P L model and a cost-plus model. 
 Profit and Loss Model : Approximately 75 of our centers operate under the P L model. Under this model, we retain the financial outcomes of operating the center and are therefore subject to variability in financial performance due to fluctuations in enrollment levels. The P L model is further classified into two subcategories: 
 Sponsor model: Under the sponsor model, we provide early education and child care on an exclusive or priority enrollment basis for the employees of an employer sponsor, and the employer sponsor generally retains responsibility for the development of the child care center (which is owned or leased by the sponsor), as well as pre-opening capital equipment and ongoing maintenance and repair. Arrangements with employer sponsors generally have initial terms ranging from 3 to 10 years with varying terms, renewal and termination options. 
 Lease model: Under the lease model, the child care center is typically located near where working parents live and/or work in a property that we lease, and we provide early education and child care services to the employees of multiple employers, as well as to families in the surrounding community. We typically enter into leases with initial terms ranging from 10 to 15 years for these centers, often with renewal options. 
 When we open a new P L center, it generally takes two to three years for the center to ramp up to a steady state level of enrollment, as a center will typically enroll younger children at the outset with children aging into the older (preschool) classrooms over time. We refer to centers that have been open for three years or less as ramping centers. A center will typically achieve breakeven operating performance between 12 to 24 months and will typically achieve a steady state level of enrollment that supports our average center operating profit by the end of three years, although the time period needed to reach a steady state level of enrollment may be longer or shorter. Centers that have been open more than three years are referred to as mature centers. 
 Cost Plus Model : Approximately 25 of our centers operate under the cost-plus business model. Under this model, we receive a fee from the employer sponsor for managing and operating their center. Additionally, employer sponsors typically provide operating subsidies to support the ongoing provision of child care services to their employees if center operating costs exceed revenue from tuition paid by parents. The employer sponsor typically retains responsibility for the development of the child care center (which is owned or leased by the sponsor), as well as pre-opening capital equipment and ongoing maintenance and repair, and the center is profitable from the outset. Our cost-plus contracts typically have initial terms ranging from three to five years with varying terms, renewal and termination options. 
 Under all model types, we retain responsibility for all aspects of operating the child care center, including hiring and paying employees, ongoing training, curriculum, contracting with vendors, purchasing supplies, and collecting tuition. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Tuition paid by families generally represents approximately 90 of the revenue generated by this segment and is determined based on the age and developmental level of the child, the child s attendance schedule (full-time or part-time), the geographic location, and the extent to which an employer sponsor subsidizes tuition. Based on a sample of approximately 360 of our early education and child care centers in the United States, the current average tuition at our centers is 2,350 per month for infants (typically ages 3 to 16 months), 2,200 per month for toddlers (typically ages 16 months to 3 years) and 1,850 per month for preschoolers (typically ages 3 to 5 years). Tuition at most of our early education and child care centers is payable in advance and is typically due monthly. 
 Historically, annual revenue per center typically averages between 1.6 million and 2.1 million at our centers in North America and averages between 1.2 million and 1.8 million at our international centers, which is primarily driven by the size and capacity of centers. Our North American early education and child care centers have an average capacity of 129 children per location, while our international centers have an average capacity of 86 children per location. Gross margin at our mature centers typically averages between 20 and 25 , with our cost-plus model centers typically at the lower end of that range and our lease centers at the higher end. In 2022, as our center operations continue to recover from the pandemic, annual revenue per center averaged approximately 1.7 million in North America and 1.2 million internationally, which in turn contributed to a contraction in gross margins to approximately 15 for the year. 
 Cost of services consists of direct expenses associated with the operation of early education and child care centers and is primarily comprised of personnel salaries and benefits, food costs, program supplies and materials, parent marketing and facilities costs, which include occupancy costs and depreciation. Personnel costs are the largest component of a center s operating costs and comprise approximately 70 of a center s operating expenses. In a P L model center, we are often responsible for additional costs that are typically paid or provided directly by an employer sponsor in centers operating under the cost-plus model, such as facilities costs. As a result, personnel costs in centers operating under P L models will often represent a lower percentage of overall costs when compared to centers operating under cost-plus models. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses SGA relating to full service center-based child care consist primarily of salaries and benefits (including stock-based compensation costs) for non-center personnel, which includes corporate, regional and business development personnel; accounting, legal and management/advisory fees; information technology; occupancy costs for corporate and regional personnel; and other general corporate expenses. 
 Back-up Care Services 
 Back-up care offers family support services for dependents of all ages and provides coverage when regular care breaks down, as well as care coordination tools to assist families with their short and long-term care decisions. We provide back-up care services for children (primarily 0-12 years old) through our own full service centers, dedicated back-up child care centers, school-age camps, and in-home caregivers, as well as through our proprietary back-up care network of quality child care centers and in-home care providers. In addition, we provide back-up care services for adults/elders through our proprietary network of quality in-home care providers, and we offer virtual tutoring for school-age children and adult learners through our network of tutoring service providers, and pet care through third-party providers. We also help to facilitate back-up care services through our self-sourced reimbursed care program. 
 Traditional back-up care offers families access to a contracted network of more than 4,500 in-home care agencies and center-based providers in locations where we do not otherwise have centers with available capacity or available in-home caregivers. Our dedicated back-up centers are operated in a similar structure to full service centers and are either exclusive to a single employer or have multiple employer sponsors and are part of our back-up care program. Self-sourced reimbursed care is an alternative care program, available to employer sponsors typically when other network care solutions are not available, which provides payments to their employees to assist with the cost of self-sourced dependent care. As we continue to find innovative solutions to help families with their care needs, we have expanded our back-up care solutions to include virtual tutoring and broaden our school-age camp programs that primarily operate during school vacations and the summer months. Care is arranged online or via our mobile application as well as through a 24/7 contact center allowing employees to reserve care in advance or at the last minute. We operate our own contact center in Broomfield, Colorado and we contract with additional contact centers in other geographies to complement our ability to handle demand fluctuations, provide business continuity, and deliver seamless service. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Back-up care revenue is comprised of fees paid by employer sponsors and, to a lesser extent, co-payments collected from users at the time of service. These arrangements generally have contractual terms of three years with varying terms, renewal and termination options. Fees for back-up care services are typically determined based on the number of back-up care uses purchased. Cost of services consist of direct expenses associated with the operation of dedicated back-up centers, fees paid to providers for care delivered as part of their contractual relationships with us, personnel and related direct service costs of the contact centers, and any other expenses related to the coordination or delivery of care and service. SGA related to back-up care is similar to SGA for full service center-based child care, with additional expenses related to the technology necessary to operate this service, the ongoing development and maintenance of the provider network, and additional personnel needed as a result of more significant client management and reporting requirements. 
 Educational Advisory and Other Services 
 Our educational advisory services primarily consist of Bright Horizons EdAssist Solutions and Bright Horizons College Coach. Educational advisory services revenue is comprised of fees paid by employer clients for policy consulting, program management, coaching, and subscription content and, to a limited extent, retail fees collected from users at the point of service. Contracts are typically three years in length, with varying terms, renewal and termination options, and fees are generally determined based on the services being provided and the number of program participants. Cost of services consist of personnel and direct service costs of the contact centers, and other expenses related to the coordination and delivery of tuition assistance and student loan repayment program management, and educational advisory and counseling services. SGA related to educational advisory services is similar to SGA for back-up care. 
 EdAssist by Bright Horizons. EdAssist provides workforce education, tuition assistance and student loan repayment program management, as well as related educational advising to corporate clients who offer these services as a talent development and workplace benefit to their employees. Our services help employers better align their workplace education programs with their business goals while supporting employees to upskill, re-skill and improve their careers. Program management services are provided through proprietary software for the processing of tuition reimbursement, loan repayment transactions, and analysis of data. We provide educational advising to client employees on a one-on-one basis through our team of advisors who help employees make better decisions regarding their education and financial wellness. Clients can also leverage our EdAssist Education Network of education providers and benefit from pre-negotiated tuition discounts. Customer service is also provided through our contact center in Broomfield, Colorado. EdAssist services derive revenue directly from fees paid by employers. 
 Bright Horizons College Coach. Bright Horizons College Coach provides college admissions and college financing advisory services through our team of experts, who have experience working in admissions or financial aid at colleges and universities. We also offer coaching and tools to assist families as they support their children with varying needs across life stages. Advisory services are provided at live/webinar events with expert presenters, through one-on-one coaching, as well as through our online learning center. We work with employer clients who offer these services as workplace benefits to their employees, and we also provide these services directly to families on a retail basis. College Coach derives revenue mainly from employer clients who contract with us for a specified number of workshops, access to our proprietary online learning center and one-on-one advising. 
 Other Services. Other services consists of Sittercity, an online marketplace for families and caregivers. Sittercity revenue is generated from subscriptions to a proprietary online search platform and marketplace that helps families find child care (babysitting/nannies), as well as senior care and pet care. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Geography 
 We operate in two primary regions: (1) North America, which includes the United States and Puerto Rico, and (2) International, which includes the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Australia and India. The following table sets forth information by geographic region for the year ended December 31, 2022: North America International Total (In thousands, except percentages) Revenue 1,501,430 519,057 2,020,487 As a percentage of total revenue 74 26 100 Fixed assets, net 326,711 244,760 571,471 As a percentage of total fixed assets, net 57 43 100 
 Our international business primarily consists of child care centers throughout the United Kingdom, Australia and the Netherlands, with approximately 95 of the revenue generated related to the full service center-based child care segment. As of December 31, 2022, we had 643 centers in North America and 435 international centers. Additional geographical information is included in Note 18, Segment and Geographic Information , to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Seasonality 
 Historically, our full service center-based child care and back-up care operations are subject to seasonal and quarterly fluctuations. Demand for early education and child care services has historically decreased during the summer months when school is not in session at which time families are often on vacation or have alternative child care arrangements. In addition, enrollment at our child care centers declines as older children transition to elementary schools. Demand for our services generally increases in September and October coinciding with the beginning of the new school year and remains relatively stable throughout the rest of the school year. Use of our back-up care services tends to be higher when schools are not in session and during holiday periods, which can increase the operating costs of the program and impact the results of operations. Our educational advisory and other services generally have limited seasonal fluctuations. 
 Results of operations may also fluctuate from quarter to quarter as a result of, among other things, the performance of existing centers, including enrollment and staffing fluctuations, the number and timing of new center openings, additions from acquisitions and center management transitions, the timing of new client launches in our back-up and educational advisory services, the length of time required for new centers to achieve profitability, center closings, the contract model mix (P L versus cost-plus) of new and existing centers, the level of sponsorship payments, and general economic conditions. 
 Marketing 
 Brand Awareness and Thought Leadership 
 We market our services and build our brand through virtual events, social media, earned and paid media placements, digital and print advertising, articles and blogs, direct mail, and a robust search engine optimization strategy. Our senior leaders are involved at the national level with education, work/life and early child care advocacy, and we believe that their visibility and involvement helps attract new business. We believe that o ur proprietary research, events, and the availability of uniquely knowledgeable industry leaders help sustain our brand awareness and position Bright Horizons as a thought leader in the markets where we operate. For employer sponsors and their employees , we conduct our annual Modern Family Index and The Education Index, capturing snapshots of critical market sectors at a particular moment in time. For parents and families, we offer timely webinar series as well as monthly podcasts that reflect current issues facing families. 
 Timely Approaches that Evolve With the Workplace 
 We strive to meet clients needs as demonstrated by our capacity to pivot as the marketplace shifts, rolling out and marketing new services to meet evolving work environments. Marketing tools have expanded to include text message communication; targeted back-up journeys and campaigns; outreach for flexible care offerings including virtual options such as tutoring and camps; and sharing our curriculum and extension activities with families at home through our online platforms. Outreach for these efforts includes persona-based campaigns for back-to-school and return-to-office support; initiatives aimed at supporting enrolled families including age-based developmental notifications through our parent mobile app; a health, safety and wellness parent newsletter; podcasts; and a parenting exchange workshop series. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Lead Generation and Conversion; Customer Retention 
 Lead generation and conversion, and increased utilization, as well as customer retention, remain at the heart of our marketing efforts. We partner with employer sponsors to promote our early education and child care centers and other workplace solutions as important employee benefits within their organizations. Our My Bright Horizons is a portal for client employees to instantly access all their Bright Horizons benefits and BH Central , a self-service portal for client liaisons to track real-time benefit use and access materials to support internal marketing efforts, including a newsletter with tailored resource content. Other efforts include local digital advertising, partnerships with parent groups, ramped social efforts, direct mail, and webinars. 
 Competition 
 We believe we are a leading provider of employer-sponsored center-based child care, back-up care, and workforce education services. We estimate that we have approximately six times more market share in the employer-sponsored center-based child care market in the United States than our closest competitor. The market for early education and child care services is highly fragmented, and we compete for enrollment and sponsorship of early education and child care centers with a variety of other organizations, including large community-based child care companies, regional child care providers, family day care, nannies, for-profit and not-for-profit full- and part-time nursery schools, public and private elementary schools, and not-for-profit and government-funded providers of center-based child care. Our principal competitors for employer-sponsored centers include KinderCare Education in the United States and Busy Bees in the United Kingdom. We also compete for enrollment on a center-by-center basis with these providers, along with many local and national providers, such as Affinity Education Group, Childbase, CompaNanny, G8 Education, Goddard Schools, Goodstart Early Learning, Guardian Childcare Education, Learning Care Group, Primrose Schools, and KidsFoundation. Competition for back-up care comes from IAC/Interactivecorp (Care.com) in addition to employee assistance programs and smaller work/life companies. In the educational advisory segment, competition comes from EdCor, Guild Education and InStride. 
 We believe the key factors in the competition for enrollment are quality, site convenience and cost. We believe many center-based child care providers are able to offer care at lower prices than we do by utilizing less intensive teacher-to-child ratios and offering lower compensation and benefits to their employees. While our child care tuition levels are generally higher than our competitors, we compete primarily based on the convenience of a location at or near a worksite and a higher level of program quality. In addition, some of our competitors may benefit from strong local name recognition (such as established regional providers) or comply, or are required to comply, with fewer or less costly health, safety, and operational regulations than those with which we comply (such as the more limited health, safety and operational regulatory requirements typically applicable to family day care operations in caregivers homes). In the wake of COVID-19, we believe our health and safety protocols are market leading and are an important consideration for families and clients. We believe that our primary focus on serving employer clients, underscored by our track record for achieving and maintaining high-quality standards, also distinguishes us from our competitors. 
 We have and continue to invest in technology to better support our full suite of services to enhance our customers user experience, improve utilization levels of our services within our client workforces and across our existing client base, and deliver more efficient and automated support services. Investments to leverage our web and mobile functionality across all of our services, as well as expand mobile capabilities are designed to ensure that our key systems deliver value and provide us with the platform to grow our position in the market. We believe we are well-positioned to continue attracting new employer sponsors due to our extensive service offerings, established reputation, position as a quality leader, and track record of serving major employer sponsors for 35 years. 
 Human Capital Management 
 We know that education and care can change lives, and for 35 years Bright Horizons has been changing the way employees and their families live and work. To achieve this mission and to deliver results, we put our HEART Principles at the forefront of everything we do. Our HEART Principles Honesty, Excellence, Accountability, Respect, and Teamwork are the underlying tenets of our culture and are guided by the core belief that our people are the foundation to building and sustaining an organization that makes a significant impact in the lives of the children, families and adult learners we serve. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 29,100 global employees (including part-time and substitute teachers), of whom approximately 3,100 were employed as corporate, divisional and regional employees, and approximately 26,100 were employed at our early education and child care centers and as in-home caregivers. The total number of employees includes approximately 17,350 in North America, 7,300 in the United Kingdom, 2,050 in the Netherlands, 2,350 in Australia, and 50 in India. Corporate, divisional and regional staff members make up our Home Team employees, and staff members working at our early education and child care centers, including teachers and support personnel, and in-home caregivers make up our Field employees. Employees that work at one child care center, which has been closed since the COVID-19 pandemic, remain represented by a labor union. We have continued to negotiate a collective bargaining agreement with this union in good faith. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 We believe employers across industries are looking to deploy creative solutions to address labor challenges, enhance their employee value proposition and provide benefits for their workforce to enable their employees to excel both personally and professionally. While our broad suite of solutions positions us well to assist employers with these strategies, our own services and solutions serve as a significant element of our own talent management strategy. 
 Talent Acquisition 
 Our business is about people serving people, and our success depends on attracting, developing and retaining talented and highly qualified employees. We are continually investing in resources and creating programs to drive diversity, equity and inclusion, to provide fair and competitive pay and benefits to support our employees well-being, and to foster personal growth and career development opportunities. We endeavor to create an environment that rewards performance, enhances our culture and employee experience, and retains and engages our talent. 
 In 2022, we continued our extensive talent acquisition campaign to recruit teachers and staff and have enhanced the candidate and new hire experience through initiatives such as the 100 Days of Heart onboarding program, an alumni recruitment initiative program and an enhanced employee referral program. As part of our continued commitment to support the well-being of our Bright Horizons team, and to help address the challenges in recruiting and retaining top talent, we continue to make investments with respect to eligible employees in certain markets, to further strengthen our position as an employer of choice: 
 Increased pay through off-cycle market adjustments for teachers and staff in a number of key markets. 
 Expanded benefits and access to our Tuition Assistance program for Home Team employees. 
 Enhanced our mental health and wellness resources through a new and expanded well-being offering. 
 Our Benefits and Total Rewards 
 More than 1,400 top employers trust us for proven solutions that support employees, advance careers, and maximize performance, and we offer our own employees the solutions and services we offer to our clients. From on-site child care to back-up care to help handle disruptions in child care gaps, and education programs that build critical skills, we believe our service offerings help our employees achieve more. 
 We also offer a comprehensive total rewards program aimed at varying health, home-life and financial needs. Our total rewards package, which may vary by geography, includes: 
 Competitive pay and healthcare benefits; 
 401(k) retirement plans with matching contributions; 
 Paid time off; 
 Wellness initiatives with benefits relating to nutrition, stress management and financial well-being, mental health, work-life balance and an Employee Assistance Program; 
 Child care tuition subsidies for both Field and Home Team employees; 
 Tuition assistance programs, including the Horizons Teacher Degree Program which provides direct, no-cost access to an early childhood education degree; and 
 Access to back-up care, EdAssist, College Coach and Sittercity. 
 We believe our total rewards package for teachers and center staff is robust and helps recruit and retain teachers in the industry. 
 Our Award Winning Culture 
 We are honored and proud to have a long track record of being named an employer of choice. The following represent some of our most recent awards related to culture, diversity and inclusion that we believe are a product of the strong culture we have built at Bright Horizons and the programs and benefits we offer to our employees. These honors are awarded based largely on employee responses to surveys. 
 100 Best Companies to Work For by FORTUNE magazine Awarded 20 times most recently in 2021 
 Best Workplaces in the United Kingdom by the Great Place to Work Institute Awarded 17 times most recently in 2022 
 Best Workplaces in the Netherlands by the Great Place to Work Institute Awarded eight times most recently in 2022 
 Top Places to Work by the Boston Globe Awarded 13 times most recently in 2022 
 Forbes 2022 Best Employers for Diversity 
 Forbes 2022 Best Employers for Women 
 Bloomberg 2022 Gender Equality Index 
 Human Rights Campaign Foundation s Corporate Equality Index 2022 
 2022 Best Workplaces for Wellbeing by the Great Place to Work Institute in the United Kingdom 
 PEOPLE magazine 100 Companies that Care for 2022 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Focus 
 At Bright Horizons, Diversity, Equity and Inclusion are core priorities that we believe are critical to our long-term success by improving the work we do, the services we provide and, ultimately, the value we create. We are an organization made up of employees, children and families from many cultures, backgrounds and experiences and we believe it is vital to have a workplace where all employees feel welcome, comfortable and a sense of belonging and where everyone's unique differences are celebrated and valued. As an organization built around people, having diverse talent at the Board level and throughout our organization helps us recruit and retain talent, reduce turnover and enhance all our offerings and service lines and the education we deliver daily to children and families. 
 Our Inclusion Vision, in which we are committed to creating inclusive environments where everyone has a sense of belonging and has the opportunity to contribute and thrive in meaningful and impactful ways, guides and defines our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion initiatives. To bring this vision to life, we leverage the groups below to facilitate interactive activities, ignite and engage in bold conversations, and lead diversity awareness and inclusive leadership trainings, webinars and discussion groups: 
 Inclusion Steering Committee comprised of senior leaders and executive officers who inform the strategy for Bright Horizons overall diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives. 
 Inclusion Council includes representatives from Bright Horizons business units and functional departments, executive members, and co-chairs of our eight Employee Advisory Groups, and is guided by the Inclusion Steering Committee aimed at creating accountability in this area throughout the organization. 
 Employee Advisory Groups voluntary, company-sponsored, internal associations dedicated to fostering a diverse and inclusive work environment within the context of Bright Horizons mission, values, goals, business practices, and objectives. 
 We aim to hire a diverse workforce and we are focused on taking action to make real change, not for a moment in time, but for the long-term. As of December 31, 2022, workforce diversity representation was approximately as follows: Gender (Global) (1) 
 Racial Diversity (North America Only) (2) 
 Entire Workforce (3) 
 94 52 Home Team Employees 77 29 Field Employees 96 56 Senior Leaders (4) 
 71 20 Board of Directors 50 20 
 (1) Gender is defined as percentage of women in the workforce. 
 (2) Racial Diversity is defined as: American Indian or Alaska Native, Asian, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latino, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, or two or more races. 
 (3) Does not include employees that do not self-identify. 
 (4) Senior leader is defined as Vice President and equivalent, and above, and includes executive officers. 
 Our Investment in Career Growth and Professional Development and our Horizons Teacher Degree Program 
 We invest in our employees career growth. Employee training and development opportunities are critical to our success as they drive our employees growth, help develop leaders within our organization (through our leadership institute) and support our delivery of quality services to our clients and the families and learners we serve. We provide a robust, ongoing employee training and career development program that is available to all employees through our online training university. Our blended learning approach means employees have a selection of different learning methods available to them, including live interactive online webinars, face-to-face training for a variety of topics in multiple venues, eLearning modules, and video. 
 We support our teachers development through a number of programs and resources, including an extensive training curriculum and, in the United States, our eCDA child development associate program to enable us to deliver high quality services. 
 A central program offering is our Horizons Teacher Degree Program . The program, which is a first-of-its-kind offering in the early education field, removes financial barriers for employees pursuing a degree, including those posed by traditional tuition reimbursement programs, by allowing employees to earn an associate and bachelor s degree in early childhood education at no-cost. Participants do not have to pay for any expenses out-of-pocket, including tuition, fees and books. Since its inception in 2018, more than 2,000 teachers have enrolled and more than 600 have graduated. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Our Employee Engagement 
 Retaining and developing our workforce starts with our employees. At Bright Horizons we regularly listen to employees through our regular surveys and forums. Hearing directly from our employees helps us understand the employee experience, including evolving priorities related to workplace environment, employee relations, pay and benefits, flexibility, and career growth opportunities, all of which are critical to our mission to be and remain an employer of choice and a great place to work. During 2022, we surveyed employees to ensure that we continued to support their needs and focus on their priorities. Additionally, we periodically deploy shorter pulse surveys to ensure our action planning is realizing the desired impact. This approach enables us to act on real-time information and to take targeted action in response to feedback, such as expanding our benefits and compensation opportunities and to develop enhanced benefits offerings, including new mental health and wellness supports and fostering culture and community through our Better Together teams and The Bright Horizons Foundation for Children. 
 Our Citizenship 
 We support the communities in which we work and live, and we encourage our employees to do the same. We proudly stand with our many employees who give their time to non-profit organizations, awarding grants to their chosen charities in recognition of their volunteer work in their communities. We also work alongside our employees to support the Bright Horizons Foundation for Children and its important mission to bring Bright Spaces to children and families in homeless shelters and similar agencies helping at risk children and families, supporting our employees with Brightening Lives activities, and Field and Home Team fundraising events. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We believe our name and logo have significant value to our operations. We own and use various registered and unregistered trademarks covering the names Bright Horizons and Bright Horizons Family Solutions , our logo, and a number of other names, slogans and designs. We frequently license the use of our registered trademarks to our clients in connection with the use of our services, subject to customary restrictions. We actively protect our trademarks by registering the marks in a variety of countries and geographic areas, including the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, Australia, New Zealand, India, and other countries in Asia. These registrations are subject to varying terms and renewal options. However, not all of the trademarks or service marks have been registered in all of the countries in which we do business, and we are aware of persons using similar marks in certain countries in which we operate. Meanwhile, we monitor our trademarks and vigorously oppose the infringement of any of our registered marks as appropriate. We do not hold any patents. We hold copyright registrations for certain materials that are important to the operation of our business, and we generally rely on common law protection for those copyrighted works which are not critical to the operation of our business. We enter into agreements with our employees and other parties with which we do business to limit access to and disclosure of our technology and other proprietary information. We also license some intellectual property from third parties for use in our business and such licenses are not individually or in the aggregate material to our business. 
 Regulatory Matters 
 Our business operates in multiple jurisdictions, and we are subject to various national and regional laws and rules and regulations, including labor, licensing, health, fire and safety, and data privacy requirements and standards. 
 The following discussion highlights our key areas of focus. For a discussion of the risks associated with the laws and regulations that may materially impact us, please see the section entitled Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Licensing and Child Care Centers 
 The laws and regulations relating to the provision of child care are numerous and complex. In most jurisdictions where we operate, our child care centers are required by law to meet a variety of operational requirements, including minimum qualifications and background checks for our center personnel as well as teacher-to-child ratios and various labor, licensing, and health, fire and safety regulations. Regulations may also impact the design and furnishing of our centers. We believe that our centers and operations comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations. 
 Health and Safety 
 The health, safety and well-being of children, families and staff is our top priority. We adhere to rigorous health, hygiene, and disinfecting practices. Our protocols were developed in consideration of state and local public health guidelines and our partnership with medical professionals and experts that specialize in pediatric infectious diseases. We have health and safety personnel and a Vice President of Global Safety dedicated to supporting our centers and other operations to ensure compliance with our policies and practices, and to ensure that we set the highest standards in all areas. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 We employ a variety of security measures at our early education and child care centers, which typically include secure electronic access systems, as well as sign-in and sign-out procedures for children, among other site-specific security measures. In addition, our trained teachers and clear sightline center designs help ensure the health and safety of children. Our early education and child care centers are designed to minimize the risk of injury to children by incorporating features such as child-sized amenities, rounded corners on furniture and fixtures, age-appropriate toys and equipment and cushioned fall zones surrounding play structures. 
 Each center is further guided by policies and procedures that address protocols for safe and appropriate care of children and center administration. These policies and procedures establish protocols in various areas, including the safe handling of food and medications, managing child illness or health emergencies, and a variety of other critical aspects of care to ensure that centers meet or exceed all mandated licensing standards. These policies and procedures are reviewed and updated continuously by a team of internal experts, and center personnel are trained on center practices using these policies and procedures. Our proprietary We Care system supports proper supervision of children and documents the transitions of children to and from the care of teachers and parents or from one classroom to another during the day. 
 We require the child care centers and in-home care providers that participate in our proprietary back-up care network to comply with our standards of quality, including caregiver screening and background checks, and training. The delivery of our back-up care services is subject to ongoing oversight and monitoring to ensure the health and safety of the children and adults we care for. 
 Environmental 
 Our operations, including the selection and development of the properties that we lease or own, and any construction or improvements that we make at those locations, are subject to a variety of national and local laws and regulations, including environmental, zoning and land use requirements. In addition, we have a practice of conducting site evaluations on each freestanding or newly constructed or renovated property that we own or lease. We have no known material environmental liabilities at this time. 
 Facilities 
 Our early education and child care centers are primarily operated at or near work-site locations and vary in design and capacity in accordance with employer sponsor needs and regulatory requirements. Our North American early education and child care centers typically have an average capacity of 129 children, and our international locations have an average capacity of 86 children. As of December 31, 2022, our early education and child care centers had a total licensed capacity of approximately 120,000 children, with the smallest center having a capacity of 15 children and the largest having a capacity of approximately 500 children. 
 We believe that attractive, spacious and child-friendly facilities with warm, nurturing and welcoming atmospheres are an important element in fostering a high-quality learning environment for children. Our centers are designed to be open and bright and to maximize visibility for supervision. We devote considerable resources to equipping our centers with child-sized amenities, indoor and outdoor play areas comprised of age-appropriate materials and design, family hospitality areas and computer centers. Commercial kitchens are typically present in those centers where regulations require that hot meals be prepared on-site. 
 Available Information 
 We file or furnish reports and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act ). Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports are available free of charge on our website, www.brighthorizons.com , as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Information filed electronically with, or furnished to, the SEC is also available at www.sec.gov . References to these websites do not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained therein and should not be considered part of this document. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 The following risk factors and other information included in this Annual Report should be carefully considered. Set forth below are certain risks related to our business, industry and common stock that could have an adverse effect on our operations. The risks described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, may also impair our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Business and Operational Risks 
 The global COVID-19 pandemic and recovery therefrom has significantly disrupted our operations and our financial condition and operating results and may continue to adversely impact our business. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and the recovery therefrom has substantially disrupted our global operations, and we expect to continue to be impacted as the conditions persist. Although conditions continue to stabilize, the situation remains subject to rapid and potentially material changes. As of December 31, 2022, we operated 1,078 early education and child care centers, 99 of which were open. While we are focused on the enrollment of our centers, the continued or additional disruptions to our business and potential adverse impacts to our financial condition and results of operations resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and recovery include, but are not limited to: 
 significant changes in the conditions of the markets we operate in may limit our ability to provide our services, especially center-based child care and center-based back-up child care, and may result in center closures; 
 inability to hire and maintain an adequate level of center staff requiring us to constrain or reduce enrollment, close classrooms or centers in order to comply with mandated ratios, inability to retain teachers, and the impact to our operations if a significant percentage of our workforce is unable to work because of illness, quarantine, government restrictions, or difficulty maintaining or retaining staff, which may have a disproportionate impact on our business compared to other companies that depend less on the in-person provision of services and do not directly provide care and education to young children; 
 reduced or shifting demand for our services due to adverse and uncertain economic and demographic conditions, including as a result of clients that have been adversely impacted, and/or increased unemployment, school and business closures, lockdown orders, long-term shift to a remote workforce, and general effects of a broad-based economic recession; 
 a reduction or limit on governmental grant funding for COVID-19 relief at the federal, state and local level could adversely impact our results of operations; and, 
 potential asset impairments or write-downs as we review assets impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 These factors could place limitations on our ability to operate effectively and could have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial condition and operating results. The recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic could continue to have a negative impact on our results of operations, the size and duration of which we are currently unable to predict. Additional impacts may arise of which we are currently not aware, the nature and extent of which will depend on future developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 Our business depends largely on our ability to hire and retain qualified teachers and maintain strong employee relations. 
 The provision of child care services is personnel intensive. Our business depends on our ability to attract, train, and retain the appropriate mix of qualified employees and on effectively implementing and maintaining strong employee relations, cultivating an atmosphere of trust, and effectively communicating the value proposition of working at Bright Horizons. The early education and child care industry traditionally has experienced high turnover rates. In addition, state laws require our teachers and other staff members to meet certain educational and other minimum requirements, and we often require that teachers and staff at our centers have additional qualifications. We are also required by government regulation to maintain certain prescribed minimum teacher-to-child ratios. If we are unable to hire and retain qualified teachers at a center, we could be required to reduce enrollment, close classrooms or centers or be prevented from accepting additional enrollment in order to comply with such mandated ratios. We may continue to experience difficulty in attracting, hiring and retaining qualified teachers due to tight labor pools and we may experience difficulty in attracting and retaining teachers due to changes in the work environment as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Such market pressures have required us to offer increased salaries, enhanced benefits and institute additional initiatives to maintain strong employee relations, which increase costs, and may further increase costs in the future. Difficulties in hiring and retaining qualified personnel may also affect our ability to meet growth objectives in certain geographies and to take advantage of additional enrollment opportunities at our early education and child care centers in these markets, which could negatively impact our business. From time to time we may be subject to employee organizing efforts. Labor union representation of a material number of our employees could impact our business, financial condition or operating results as a result of additional labor costs, payroll and benefit expenses, new rules and practices, or work stoppages. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in the demand for child dependent care and workplace solutions, which may be negatively affected by demographic trends and economic conditions, may affect our operating results. 
 Our business strategy largely depends on employers recognizing the value of providing employees with child care, dependent care, workforce education, and other workplace solutions as an employee benefit. The number of employers that view such services as cost-effective or beneficial to their workforces may not continue to grow at the levels we anticipate or may diminish. In addition, changes in demographic trends, including the number of dual working parent or working single parent families in the workforce, may impact the demand for our services. Further, availability of work-from-home or hybrid work options may shift demand away from locations where we currently offer services. Such changes could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Even as employers recognize the value of our services, demand may be adversely affected by general economic conditions or changes in workforce demographics and work-place environments as a result of COVID-19. Uncertainty or a deterioration in economic conditions, including global inflationary pressures impacting our clients and customers, could lead to reduced demand for our services as employer clients may reduce or eliminate their sponsorship of work and family services, and prospective clients may not commit resources to such services. In addition, a reduction in the size of an employer s workforce could negatively impact the demand for our services and result in reduced enrollment or failure of our employer clients to renew their contracts. A deterioration of general economic conditions in both the U.S. and globally, recessionary fears or changes in workforce demographics may adversely impact the need for our services because out-of-work parents may decrease or discontinue the use of child care services, or be unwilling to pay tuition for high-quality services. Additionally, we may not be able to increase the price for our services at a rate consistent with increases in our operating costs. If demand for our services were to decrease, it could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
 Because our success depends substantially on the value of our brands and reputation as a provider of choice, adverse publicity or negative perceptions about our business could impact the demand for our services. 
 Our reputation and brand are critical to our business. Adverse publicity concerning reported incidents or allegations of inappropriate, illegal or harmful acts to a child at any child care center or by a caregiver or through a third party provider, whether or not directly relating to or involving Bright Horizons, could result in decreased enrollment at our child care centers, termination of existing corporate relationships, inability to attract new corporate relationships, or increased insurance costs, all of which could adversely affect our operations. Brand value and our reputation can be severely damaged even by isolated incidents, particularly if the incidents receive considerable negative publicity or result in substantial litigation. These incidents may arise from events that are beyond our ability to control, such as instances of abuse or actions taken (or not taken) by one or more center managers, teachers, or caregivers relating to the health, safety or welfare of children in our care. In addition, from time to time, customers and others make claims and take legal action against us. Whether or not claims have merit, they may adversely affect our reputation and the demand for our services. Such demand could also diminish significantly if any such incidents or other matters erode general confidence in us or our services, which would likely result in lower sales, and could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. Any reputational damage could have a material adverse effect on our brand value and our business, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we or our third-party vendors are subject to cyber-attacks, data breaches or other security incidents, or if there is a disruption or failure of our information technology systems or software, such events could expose us to liability and could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 As part of our business, we collect, process, use, and store sensitive data and certain personal information from our clients, the families and children we serve, and our employees. We also utilize third-party vendors and electronic payment methods to process and store some of this information, including credit card information. Our business relies on information technology networks and systems to store this data, process financial and personal information, manage a variety of business processes, and comply with regulatory, legal and tax requirements. We are also highly dependent on information technology for the coordination and delivery of our back-up care and educational advisory services. Additionally, we maintain other confidential, proprietary, or otherwise sensitive information relating to our business and from third parties. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 The information technology networks and systems owned, operated, controlled, or used by us or our third-party vendors may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns, software or hardware vulnerabilities, data breaches, security incidents, failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software or databases or components thereof, power outages, natural disasters, hardware failures, attacks by computer hackers, telecommunication failures, user errors, user malfeasance, computer viruses, unauthorized access, phishing or social engineering attacks, ransomware attacks, distributed denial-of-service attacks, brute force attacks, robocalls, and other real or perceived cyber-attacks or catastrophic events, all of which may not be prevented by our efforts to secure our networks and systems. Security incidents can also occur as a result of non-technical issues, including intentional or inadvertent actions by our employees, our third-party vendors or their personnel, or other parties. Security incidents are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe, as well as increasingly difficult to detect. Any of these incidents could lead to interruptions or shutdowns of our platforms, disruptions in our ability to process service requests, record or analyze the use of our services, loss or corruption of data, or unauthorized access to, or acquisition of, personal information or other sensitive information, such as our intellectual property. We maintain policies and practices and operational safeguards, measures and controls aimed at reducing our cyber risk, protecting and recovering our data and ensuring business continuity, which include reasonable efforts to ensure that our third-party vendors maintain reasonable security, including encryption and authentication technology, and will notify us promptly if a security incident occurs. However, none of our or our vendors security measures can provide absolute security. Advances in computer capabilities, increasingly sophisticated tools and methods used by hackers and cyber terrorists, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other developments may result in our failure or inability, or the failure or inability of our vendors, to adequately protect personal or other sensitive information, and there can be no assurance that we or our vendors will not suffer a cyber-attack, that hackers or other unauthorized parties will not gain access to or exfiltrate personal information or other sensitive data, or that any such data compromise or unauthorized access will be discovered in a timely fashion. 
 Like many businesses, we, and our third-party vendors, have in the past and will in the future continue to be subject to cyber-attacks, cybersecurity threats and attempts to compromise and penetrate our data security and systems and disrupt our services. Cyber-attacks against us or our third-party vendors could lead to operational disruptions that could have an adverse effect on our ability to provide services to clients and customers and on our results of operations and financial results. For example, on December 12, 2022, we determined that a ransomware cyber incident had impacted and disrupted a number of our operational and information technology systems. Promptly upon detecting and containing the incident, we launched an investigation and engaged the services of cybersecurity experts and advisors, incident response professionals, and external counsel to support the investigation and restored operational and business systems and functionality. We are continuing to assess all actions that we will take to further improve our existing systems. Based on the information currently available to us, we do not believe that the December 2022 ransomware attack will have a material impact on our business, results of operations, or financial condition, but no assurances can be given as we continue to assess the full impact from the incident, including costs, expenses, and insurance coverage. 
 Failure of our systems to operate effectively or a compromise in the security of our systems, or the systems of our affiliates or other third-party, that results in unauthorized persons or entities obtaining personal information or other sensitive information could materially and adversely affect our reputation, operations, operating results, and financial condition. Actual or anticipated cyber-attacks may cause us to incur costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees, pay higher insurance premiums, and engage third-party specialists for additional services. Breaches in our data security, those of our affiliates or other third-parties, could expose us to risks of data loss, inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, potential claims, investigations, regulatory proceedings, litigation penalties and liability, could impede our processing of transactions and our financial reporting, and could result in a disruption of our operations. In addition, we may incur other substantial costs in connection with remediating and otherwise responding to any data security incident, including potential liability for stolen client, customer, or employee data, repairing system damage, or providing credit monitoring or other benefits to clients, customers, or employees affected by the incident. Additionally, if we or our third-party service providers experience security incidents that result in a decline in marketplace performance, availability problems, or the loss, corruption of, unauthorized access to, or disclosure of personal data or confidential information, people may become unwilling to provide us the information necessary to receive our services, and our reputation and market position could be harmed. Existing customers may also decrease their use of our services or cease using our services altogether. The impact of these security threats, incidents, and other disruptions are difficult to predict. Our insurance coverage for such security threats, incidents, and other disruptions may not be adequate to cover all related costs, and we may not otherwise be fully indemnified for them. This may result in an increase in our costs for insurance or insurance not being available to us on economically feasible terms or at all. Insurers may also deny us coverage as to any future claim. Any of these results could harm our growth prospects, financial condition, business, and reputation. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Our collection, use, storage, disclosure, transfer and other processing of personal information could give rise to significant costs and liabilities, including as a result of governmental regulations, uncertain or inconsistent interpretation and enforcement of legal requirements or differing views of personal privacy rights, which may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 A variety of laws, regulations, industry self-regulatory principles, industry standards or codes of conduct and regulatory guidance relating to privacy, data protection, marketing and advertising, and consumer protection apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer and other processing of certain types of data. As the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, with new and changing requirements applicable to our business, including the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation and various privacy legislation in the U.S., such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, compliance with such requirements could impose significant limitations, require changes to our business, or restrict our use or storage of personal information, which may increase our compliance expenses and make our business more costly or less efficient to conduct. Failure to comply with such regulations could result in enforcement actions, significant fines, penalties and damages which could materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 Our continued profitability depends on our ability to pass on our increased costs, such as labor and related costs, to our customers. 
 Hiring and retaining key employees and qualified personnel, including teachers, is critical to our business and labor costs are our largest expense. Because we are primarily a service business, inflationary factors and regulatory changes that contribute to wage and benefits cost increases result in significant increases in the cost of running our business. We expect to pay employees at rates above the minimum wage, and increases in the statutory minimum wage rates could result in a corresponding increase in the wages and benefits we pay to our employees. Additionally, competition for teachers and staff, and costs associated with hiring, compensating and retaining employees, and costs of training teachers could result in significant increases in the cost of running our business, including costs to enhance employee compensation and benefit programs as an incentive and retentive tool. Our success depends on our ability to continue to pass along these costs to our customers and to meet our changing labor needs while controlling costs. In the event that we cannot increase the price for our services to cover these higher wage and benefit costs without reducing customer demand for our services, our margins could be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations as well as our growth. 
 Changes in our relationships with employer sponsors or failure to anticipate and respond to changing client and customer (parents or client employees) preferences and expectations or develop new customer-oriented services may affect our operating results. 
 We derive a significant portion of our business from early education and child care, back-up care, and other workplace solutions associated with employer sponsors for whom we provide these services at single or multiple sites pursuant to contractual arrangements. Our contracts with employers for full service center-based child care typically have terms of three to ten years, and our contracts related to back-up care and educational advisory services typically have terms of one to three years, with varying terms and renewal and termination options. We have a history of consistent contract renewals, but we may not experience similar renewal rates in the future. Failure to comply with or monitor contract terms or the termination or non-renewal of a significant number of contracts or the termination of a multiple-site or multiple-service client relationship could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Additionally, our continued success depends on our ability to convert and retain new and existing clients, cross-sell to existing clients, and our ability to develop new consumer-oriented strategies or services to accommodate changing client, learner, or parent expectations and preferences around our services or service delivery. Our future success depends on our ability to continue to meet the evolving needs and expectations of our customers, including enhancing our existing services. Obsolete processes and/or skill gaps could impede our ability to meet new or changing customer demand. Failure to meet these needs may result in client loss and reduced demand and could have a material impact on our financial results. 
 We depend on key management and key employees to manage our business and timing considerations. 
 Our success depends on the efforts, abilities and continued services of our executive officers and other key employees. We believe future success will depend on our ability to continue to attract, motivate and retain highly-skilled managerial, sales and marketing, operational, and early education and child care center director personnel as well as key personnel in the back-up care and educational advisory markets. We may experience difficulty in attracting, hiring and retaining corporate staff and key employees due to the current labor market. Difficulties in hiring and retaining key personnel may affect our ability to meet growth objectives and such market pressures may require us to enhance compensation and benefits, which may increase costs. Failure to retain our leadership team and attract and retain other important personnel could lead to disruptions in management and operations, which could affect our business and operating results. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Our operating results are subject to seasonal fluctuations. 
 Our revenue and results of operations fluctuate with the seasonal demands for child care and the other services we provide. Revenue in our child care centers typically declines during the third quarter due to decreased enrollments over the summer months as families withdraw children for vacations and older children transition into elementary schools. In addition, use of our back-up services tends to be higher when school is not in session and during holiday periods, which can increase the operating costs of the program and impact results of operations. We may be unable to adjust our expenses on a short-term basis to minimize the effect of these fluctuations in revenue. Our quarterly results of operations may also fluctuate based on the number and timing of child care center openings and/or closings, the timing of new client service launches, acquisitions, the performance of new and existing early education and child care centers, the contractual arrangements under which child care centers are operated, the change in the mix of such contractual arrangements, competitive factors and general economic conditions. The inability of existing child care centers to maintain their current enrollment levels and profitability, the failure of newly opened child care centers to contribute to profitability, and the failure to maintain and grow our other services could result in additional fluctuations in our future operating results on a quarterly or annual basis. 
 Health pandemics, natural disaster, sociopolitical or other catastrophic event could severely disrupt our business. 
 A regional or global health pandemic, not unlike the COVID-19 pandemic, depending on its duration and severity, could severely affect our business. Enrollment in our child care centers could experience sharp declines as families might avoid taking their children out in public or to center-based care in the event of a health pandemic, and local, regional or national governments might limit or ban public interactions to halt or delay the spread of diseases causing business disruptions and the temporary closure of our centers. Additionally, a health pandemic could also impair our ability to hire and maintain an adequate level of staff and may have a disproportionate impact on our business compared to other companies that depend less on the in-person provision of services. 
 Other unforeseen events, including acts of violence, war, terrorism and other international, regional or local instability or conflicts (including labor issues), embargoes, natural disasters such as earthquakes, tsunamis, hurricanes, typhoons or other adverse weather and climate conditions, whether occurring in the United States or abroad, could restrict or disrupt our operations. Enrollment in our child care centers could experience sharp declines as families might avoid taking their children out in public or to center-based care as a result of one or more of these events. Further, climate change may increase both the frequency and severity of extreme weather conditions and natural disasters, which may affect our business operations and our clients, either in a particular region or globally. In addition, changes in regulations brought about by climate change could impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 We also face the potential for business disruptions from information technology interruptions associated with natural disasters and other events including power outages, catastrophic events, computer and network failures, inadequate or ineffective redundancy plans, system failures, and flaws in third-party software or services. Our back-up care and educational advisory and other services segments as well as the corporate departments that support our lines of business are highly dependent on information technology for the coordination and delivery of services, which could be significantly impacted by system interruptions. Our policies and practices and operational safeguards, measures and controls aimed at protecting and recovering our data and ensuring business continuity, may not be sufficient to ensure our key services are delivered without minimal disruption in the event of information technology system failures. If those systems are damaged, interrupted or cease to function properly or if our disaster recovery and business continuity plans fail, it may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 
 Financing Related Risks 
 Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition, and our variable interest rate indebtedness exposes us to interest rate volatility, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. 
 We have a significant amount of indebtedness from borrowings outstanding under our senior secured credit facilities. Information on our debt is included in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Note 12, Credit Arrangements and Debt Obligations , to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our level of debt could have significant consequences, including: 
 limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate needs, and increasing our cost of borrowing; 
 requiring a substantial portion of our cash flow to be dedicated to debt service payments instead of other corporate purposes, thereby reducing the amount of cash flow available for operations, capital expenditures, and acquisitions among other purposes; and, 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 limiting our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in the industry in which we compete and placing us at a disadvantage compared to other, less leveraged competitors or competitors with comparable debt at more favorable interest rates. 
 In addition, borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities bear interest at variable rates. Interest rates increased during 2022. If market interest rates continue to increase, variable rate debt will create higher interest service requirements, which could adversely affect our cash flows and impact future earnings. While we have entered into interest rate cap agreements to limit our exposure to higher interest rates on a portion of our debt, and may enter into additional agreements in the future, any such agreements may not offer complete protection from this risk posed by interest rate fluctuations and may carry additional risks. For information regarding our sensitivity to changes in interest rates, refer to Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk in Item 7A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The terms of our indebtedness restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions. 
 The credit agreement governing our senior secured credit facilities contains a number of restrictive covenants that impose operating and financial restrictions on us and may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interest, including restrictions on our ability to, or requirements that certain financial condition tests must be satisfied in order to, incur liens, make investments and acquisitions, incur or guarantee additional indebtedness, pay dividends or make other distributions in respect of, or repurchase or redeem, capital stock, or enter into certain other types of contractual arrangements affecting our subsidiaries or indebtedness. In addition, the restrictive covenants in the credit agreement governing our senior secured credit facilities require us to maintain specified financial ratios, and we expect that the agreements governing any new senior secured credit facilities will contain similar requirements to satisfy financial condition tests and maintain specified financial ratios, subject to certain conditions. Our ability to meet those financial ratios and tests can be affected by events beyond our control. 
 A breach of the covenants under the credit agreement governing our senior secured credit facilities, or any replacement facility, could result in an event of default unless we obtain a waiver to avoid such default. If we are unable to obtain a waiver, we may suffer adverse effects on our operations, business and financial condition, and such a default may allow the creditors to accelerate the related debt and may result in the acceleration of or default under any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. In the event our lenders accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, we and our subsidiaries may not have sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness. 
 Industry, Competition and Growth Risks 
 A permanent shift in workforce demographics and office environments may result in decreased demand for center-based child care and have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 During the COVID-19 pandemic, a substantial portion of the workforce, including parents of children we serve at our centers, transitioned from working in traditional office environments to working in virtual or home offices, including in our primary markets of the United States, United Kingdom, Australia, and the Netherlands. While we expect that many employees will continue to return to traditional office environments, some employers may maintain a remote or work-from-home presence or may permanently move all or a portion of their workforce to remote or to a hybrid model. While working parents continue to need child care regardless of their work location, there are no assurances that parents who work from home will continue to use our centers. Additionally, we believe that as a result of COVID-19, more women have temporarily stepped back from the workforce and that traditional dual-career households may have temporarily decreased. A shift in workplace demographics where employees work from home on a part- or full-time basis, or a sustained decrease in the number of women or dual-career households in the workforce, may reduce demand for center-based child care or specific center locations as well as other service offerings. We may be unable to successfully meet changed client and parent demands and needs, which may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 The growth of our business may be adversely affected if we do not implement our growth strategies and initiatives successfully or if we are unable to manage our growth or operations effectively. 
 We have expanded and are continuing to expand our operations, suite of services and client relationships, which has placed, and will continue to place, significant demands on our management and our operational, IT and financial infrastructure. Additionally, our ability to grow in the future will depend on a number of factors, including the ability to develop and expand new and existing client relationships, to continue to provide and expand the high-quality services we offer, to hire and train qualified personnel, to expand and grow in existing and future markets, to develop and operationalize new service offerings, and to sustain operational excellence and efficiencies across all business lines. Achieving and sustaining growth requires the successful execution of our growth strategies, which may require the implementation of enhancements to customer-facing, operational and financial systems, expanded sales and marketing capacity, continuous updates to technology and improvements to processes and systems, and additional or new organizational resources. Given these challenges, we may be unable to manage our expanding operations effectively, or to maintain our growth, which could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 
 Acquisitions present many risks and may disrupt our operations. We also may not realize the financial and strategic goals that were contemplated at the time of the transaction. 
 Acquisitions are an integral part of our growth strategy, and we have made, and intend to continue to make, acquisitions to add centers, clients, new service offerings and complementary companies, products, or technologies, and from time to time may enter into other strategic transactions such as investments and joint ventures. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including potential difficulties in the integration of acquired operations, such as bringing new centers through the re-licensing or accreditation processes, successfully implementing our curriculum programs, integration of systems and technology, diversion of management s attention and resources in connection with an acquisition and its integration, loss of key employees or key service contract arrangements of the acquired operations, and failure of acquired operations to effectively and timely adopt our internal control processes and other policies. Additionally, the acquisition of new service offerings or emerging services may present operational and integration challenges, particularly with respect to companies that have significant or complex operations or that provide services where we do not have significant prior experience. With any acquisition, the financial and strategic goals that were contemplated at the time of the transaction may not be realized due to increased costs, undisclosed liabilities not covered by insurance or by the terms of the acquisition, write-offs or impairment charges relating to goodwill and other intangible assets, and other unexpected integration costs. We also may not have success in identifying, executing and integrating acquisitions in the future. The occurrence of any of these risks could have an impact on our business, results of operation, financial condition or cash flows, particularly in the event of a larger acquisition or concurrent acquisitions. For information on our acquisition growth strategy, see Item 1, Business Our Competitive Strengths and Our Growth Strategy . 
 Significant competition in our industry could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We compete for enrollment and sponsorship of our early education and child care centers in a highly-fragmented market. For enrollment, we compete with center-based child care (such as residential and worksite child care centers, full- and part-time nursery schools, private and public elementary schools and religious faith-affiliated and other not-for-profit providers) as well as family child care (operated out of the caregiver s home). In addition, alternatives to organized child care, such as relatives and nannies caring for children, can represent lower cost options to our services. For sponsorship, we compete primarily with large community-based child care companies with divisions focused on employer sponsorship and with regional child care providers who target employer sponsorship. We believe that our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including quality of care, site convenience, breadth of service offering and cost. We often face a price disadvantage to our competition, which may have access to greater financial resources, greater name recognition or lower operating or compliance costs. In addition, certain competitors may be able to operate with little or no rental expense and sometimes do not comply or are not required to comply with the same health, safety and operational regulations with which we comply. Therefore, we may be unable to continue to compete successfully against current and future competitors. 
 In connection with our back-up care and educational advisory and other services segments, we face competition from existing providers and new entrants into the market. We believe our ability to compete in these markets is dependent on prices for services, quality and timeliness of service delivery, and our digital platforms and offerings. However, competitors may seek to provide alternative offerings or undercut pricing in these markets. If we are unable to maintain our competitive advantage, our growth could be adversely impacted and our future operating results negatively impacted. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Governmental child care benefit programs could reduce the demand for our services. 
 National, state or local child care benefit programs comprised primarily of subsidies in the form of tax credits or other direct government financial aid to parents provide us opportunities for expansion in additional markets. However, a broad-based benefit with governmentally mandated or funded child care or preschool, could reduce the demand for early care services at our existing early education and child care centers due to the availability of lower cost care alternatives, or could place downward pressure on the tuition and fees we charge, which could adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. Additionally, changes in government support programs in our international jurisdictions, such as the reduction of government-funded tuition subsidies, could reduce the demand for our services in these markets, adversely impacting our results of operations. 
 Litigation, Insurance, Tax and Regulatory Risks 
 Our business activities subject us to litigation risks that may lead to significant reputational damage, monetary damages and other remedies and increase our litigation expense. 
 Because of the nature of our business, we may be subject to claims and litigation, including unasserted claims and matters, alleging negligence, inadequate supervision, illegal, inappropriate or abusive behavior, health and safety, or other grounds for liability arising from injuries or other harm to the people we serve, primarily children. We may also be subject to employee claims based on, among other things, discrimination, harassment or wrongful termination. These claims and lawsuits could result in damages and other costs that our insurance may be inadequate to cover or result in licensing suspensions or revocation. In addition to diverting our management resources, such allegations may result in publicity that may materially and adversely affect us, our brands and our reputation, regardless of the validity of any such allegations. Any such claim or the publicity resulting from claims may have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition including, without limitation, adverse effects caused by increased cost or decreased availability of insurance and decreased demand for our services from employer sponsors and families. 
 Our international operations may be subject to additional risks related to litigation, including difficulties enforcing contractual obligations governed by foreign law due to differing interpretations of rights and obligations, limitations on the availability of insurance coverage and limits, compliance with multiple and potentially conflicting laws, new and potentially untested laws and judicial systems, and reduced or diminished protection of intellectual property. A substantial judgment against us or one of our subsidiaries could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Significant changes to the availability of, or increases in the cost of, insurance or our deductibles may negatively affect our profitability. 
 We currently maintain the following major types of commercial insurance policies: workers compensation, commercial general liability (including coverage for sexual and physical abuse, and student accident coverage), professional liability, automobile liability, excess and umbrella liability, commercial property coverage, employment practices liability, commercial crime coverage, fiduciary liability, privacy breach/cyber liability and directors and officers liability. A portion of our general liability coverage is provided by our wholly-owned captive insurance company. These policies are subject to various limitations, exclusions and deductibles and certain claims may not be covered by such policies and/or exceed policy limits. There is no assurance that our insurance, particularly coverage for sexual and physical abuse, will adequately cover our claims, or continue to be readily available to us in the form or amounts we have been able to obtain in the past, and our insurance premiums could materially increase in the future as a consequence of conditions in the insurance business or in the child care industry. 
 Changes in laws and regulations could impact the way we conduct business. 
 Our early education and child care centers, back-up care, and educational advisory services are subject to numerous national, state and local regulations and licensing requirements. Although these regulations vary greatly from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, government agencies generally review, among other areas, the adequacy of buildings and equipment, licensed capacity, teacher-to-child ratios, educational qualifications and training of staff, record keeping, dietary program, daily curriculum, hiring practices, and compliance with changes in federal and local labor laws and regulations, health and safety standards and requirements, and data privacy statutes. In addition to costs associated with compliance of licensing requirements and changing laws and regulations, failure to comply with applicable regulations and requirements could subject us to governmental sanctions, which can include fines, corrective orders, probation or, in more serious cases, suspension or revocation of one or more of our child care centers licenses to operate, and require significant expenditures to bring those centers into compliance. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Our tax rate is dependent on a number of factors, a change in any of which could impact our future tax rates and net income. 
 As a global company, we are subject to income and other taxes in the United States and foreign jurisdictions, and our future tax rates and operations may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including: changes in tax rates, tax laws or the interpretation of such tax laws in the various jurisdictions in which we operate; changes in the estimated realization of our deferred tax assets and settlement of our deferred tax liabilities; changes in the jurisdictions in which profits are determined to be earned and taxed; incremental taxes upon repatriation of non-U.S. earnings; adjustments to estimated taxes upon finalization of various tax returns; increases in expenses that are not deductible for tax purposes, including impairment of goodwill in connection with acquisitions; changes in available tax credits; and the resolution of issues arising from tax audits with various tax authorities. Losses for which no tax benefits can be recorded could materially impact our tax rate and its volatility from one quarter to another. Deductions associated with stock-based compensation may not be realized as a result of decreases in our stock price. Any significant change in our jurisdictional earnings mix or in the tax laws in those jurisdictions could impact our future tax rates and net income in those periods and any increases in income tax rates or changes in income tax laws could have a material adverse impact on our financial results. 
 International Risks 
 The success of our operations in international markets is highly dependent on the expertise of local management and operating staff, as well as the political, social, legal and economic operating conditions of each country in which we operate. 
 The success of our business depends on the actions of our employees. In our international locations, we are highly dependent on our local management and operating staff to operate our centers in these markets in accordance with local law and best practices. If the local management or operating staff were to leave our employment, we would have to expend significant time and resources building up our management or operational expertise in these local markets. Such a transition could adversely affect our reputation in these markets and could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 We are also subject to inherent risks attributed to operating in a global economy. As of December 31, 2022, we had 435 centers located in four foreign countries - the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Australia and India. If the international markets in which we compete are affected by changes in political, social, legal, economic, or other factors, such as the economic and political uncertainty following the United Kingdom s exit from the European Union Brexit ), the global economic impact from the COVID-19 pandemic, and adverse global economic conditions, including slower growth or recession, higher interest rates, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, our business and operating results may be materially and adversely affected. Our international operations may subject us to additional risks that differ in each country in which we operate and such risks may negatively affect our results. The factors impacting the international markets in which we operate may include changes in laws and regulations affecting the operation of child care centers, parent or tuition subsidies or other government financial support, the imposition of restrictions on currency conversion or the transfer of funds, or increases in the taxes paid and other changes in applicable tax laws. 
 Our business is exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which could adversely impact our results. 
 As a multinational company, we conduct our business in a variety of markets and are therefore subject to market risk for changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Instability in European financial markets or other events, such as the economic uncertainty resulting from Brexit, the impact from the COVID-19 pandemic, and adverse global economic conditions, including inflation, slower growth or recession, and higher interest rates, could cause fluctuations in exchange rates that may adversely affect our revenues and net earnings. Approximately 26 of our revenue was generated outside the United States in 2022. While most of our revenues, costs and debts are denominated in U.S. dollars, revenues and costs from our operations outside of the United States are denominated in the currency of the country in which the services are provided, and these currencies could become less valuable as a result of exchange rate fluctuations. Such changes in foreign currency exchange rates could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Market Related Risks 
 We cannot guarantee that we will repurchase our common stock pursuant to our stock repurchase program or that our stock repurchase program will enhance long-term stockholder value. Stock repurchases could also increase the volatility of the price of our common stock and could diminish our cash reserves. 
 On December 16, 2021, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program under which up to 400 million of our outstanding common stock may be repurchased, of which 198.3 million remained available as of December 31, 2022. The share repurchase program replaced and canceled the prior 300 million authorization announced in June 2018, of which approximately 0.2 million remained available as of the termination date. Although our board of directors has authorized the stock repurchase program, the stock repurchase program does not obligate us to repurchase any specific dollar amount or to acquire any specific number of shares and may be suspended or terminated at any time. Stock may be purchased from time to time, in the open market at prevailing market prices, in private transactions, under Rule 10b5-1 plans, or by other means, subject to market conditions, in compliance with applicable state and federal securities laws. The timing and amount of repurchases, if any, will depend upon several factors, including market and business conditions, restrictions in our debt agreements, the trading price of our common stock and the nature of other investment opportunities. In addition, repurchases of our common stock pursuant to our stock repurchase program could affect the market price of our common stock or increase its volatility. The existence of a stock repurchase program could cause our stock price to be higher than it would be in the absence of such a program and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our stock. Additionally, our stock repurchase program could diminish our cash reserves, which may impact our ability to finance future growth and to pursue possible future strategic opportunities and acquisitions. There can be no assurance that any stock repurchases will enhance stockholder value because the market price of our common stock may decline below the levels at which we determine to repurchase our stock and short-term stock price fluctuations could reduce the program s effectiveness. 
 Our stock price could be extremely volatile, and, as a result, you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the price you paid for them. 
 The price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a number of factors, including those described elsewhere herein and others such as: 
 variations in our operating performance and the performance of our competitors; 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly or annual operating results; 
 publication of research reports by securities analysts about us, our competitors, or our industry; 
 our failure or the failure of our competitors to meet analysts projections or guidance that we or our competitors may give to the market; 
 additions and departures of key personnel; 
 strategic decisions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions, divestitures, initial public offerings, spin-offs, joint ventures, strategic investments, or changes in business strategy; 
 changing client and customer (parents or client employees) preferences; 
 the passage of legislation or other regulatory developments affecting us or our industry; 
 speculation in the press or investment community; 
 changes in accounting principles; 
 impact from cyber events; 
 changes in business activity or the economy; 
 terrorist acts, acts of war, or periods of widespread civil unrest; 
 pandemics, natural disasters and other calamities, including the COVID-19 pandemic; and 
 changes in general market and economic conditions. 
 The stock market in general can be highly volatile. As a result, the market price of our common stock may be similarly volatile, and investors in our common stock may experience a decrease, which could be substantial, in the value of their stock, including decreases unrelated to our operating performance or prospects, and could lose part or all of their investment. 
 In the past, securities class action litigation has often been initiated against companies following periods of volatility in their stock price. This type of litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources, and could also require us to make substantial payments to satisfy judgments or to settle litigation. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Your percentage ownership may be diluted by future issuances of capital stock, which could reduce your influence over matters on which stockholders vote. 
 Pursuant to our restated bylaws, our board of directors has the authority, without action or vote of our stockholders, to issue all or any part of our authorized but unissued shares of common stock, including shares issuable upon the exercise of options, or shares of our authorized but unissued preferred stock. Issuances of common stock or voting preferred stock would reduce your influence over matters on which our stockholders vote and, in the case of issuances of preferred stock, would likely result in your interest in us being subject to the prior rights of holders of that preferred stock. 
 Provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law may deter takeover efforts that could be beneficial to stockholder value. 
 Our certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws and Delaware law contain provisions that could make it harder for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so might be beneficial to our stockholders. These provisions include a classified board of directors and limitations on actions by our stockholders, including the need for super majority approval to amend, alter, change or repeal specified provisions of our certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws, a prohibition on the ability of our stockholders to act by written consent and certain limitations on the ability of our stockholders to call a special meeting. In addition, our board of directors has the right to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval that could be used to dilute a potential hostile acquiror. Our certificate of incorporation also imposes some restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between us and any holder of 15 or more of our outstanding common stock other than Bain Capital Partners LLC. As a result, you may lose your ability to sell your stock for a price in excess of the prevailing market price due to these protective measures, and efforts by stockholders to change our direction or management may be unsuccessful. 
 Our certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that, subject to limited exceptions, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, or (iv) any other action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of our certificate of incorporation described above. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of our certificate of incorporation inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 The exclusive forum provision in our certificate of incorporation does not apply to claims brought pursuant to United States federal securities laws, including the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The exclusive forum provision in our certificate of incorporation will not relieve us of our duty to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in Newton, Massachusetts, where we lease approximately 110,000 square feet of office space. We also lease approximately 50,000 square feet for our contact center in Broomfield, Colorado, as well as spaces for regional administrative offices, including locations in Rushden and London in the United Kingdom, Amsterdam in the Netherlands, and St. Leonards in Australia. We also lease a number of early education and child care centers in the geographies in which we operate. We do not consider any of our properties, including our corporate headquarters, to be material to our operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we operated 1,078 early education and child care centers across the United States, and in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Australia and India, of which 116 were owned, with the remaining centers being operated under operating leases or service agreements. Leases typically have initial terms ranging from 10 to 15 years, generally with renewal options. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes the locations of our early education and child care centers as of December 31, 2022: Location Number of Centers United States 643 United Kingdom 290 Australia 75 Netherlands 69 India 1 1,078 
 We believe that our properties are generally in good condition, are adequate for our operations, and meet or exceed the regulatory requirements for health, safety and child care licensing established by the governments where they are located. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are, from time to time, subject to claims, suits, and matters arising in the ordinary course of business. Such claims have in the past generally been covered by insurance, but there can be no assurance that our insurance will be adequate to cover all liabilities that may arise out of claims or matters brought against us. We believe the resolution of such legal matters will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows, although we cannot predict the ultimate outcome of any such actions. Refer to Note 20, Commitments and Contingencies, to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 Set forth below is certain information about our executive officers. Ages are as of December 31, 2022. 
 Stephen H. Kramer , age 52, has served as Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company since January 2018 and as President of the Company since January 2016. Mr. Kramer served as the Chief Development Officer from January 2014 until January 2016 and as Senior Vice President, Strategic Growth Global Operations from January 2010 until December 2013. He served as Managing Director, Europe from January 2008 until December 2009. He joined Bright Horizons in September 2006 through the acquisition of College Coach, which he co-founded and led for eight years. 
 Elizabeth J. Boland, age 63, has served as Chief Financial Officer of the Company since June 1999. Ms. Boland joined Bright Horizons in September 1997 and served as Chief Financial Officer and, subsequent to the merger between Bright Horizons and Corporate Family Solutions, Inc. in July 1998, served as Senior Vice President of Finance for the Company until June 1999. She served as Treasurer from October 2016 until September 2020. Prior to joining Bright Horizons, Ms. Boland served as Chief Financial Officer and Vice President-Finance at various companies. From 1981 to 1990, Ms. Boland worked on the audit staff at Price Waterhouse, LLP in Boston, completing her tenure as a senior audit manager. Ms. Boland has served as a member of the Board and Audit Committee of The Children s Place, Inc. (Nasdaq: PLCE) since May 2019. 
 Mary Lou Burke Afonso, age 58, has served as Chief Operating Officer, North America Center Operations of the Company since January 2016 and is a 25-year veteran of the Company. Ms. Burke Afonso served as the Company s Executive Vice President of North America Center Operations from January 2014 until December 2015 and, from January 2005 to December 2013, she served as Senior Vice President, Client Relations. Throughout her tenure, she has also held other leadership positions in Finance, Center Operations, Business Operations, Client Relations, and College Coach. Prior to joining Bright Horizons in 1995, Ms. Burke Afonso served as the controller for BOSE Corporation in France and worked on the audit staff at Price Waterhouse, LLP in Boston. 
 John G. Casagrande, age 64, has served as General Counsel of the Company since January 2010 and as Secretary since December 2019. Mr. Casagrande joined Bright Horizons in 2005 as Senior Counsel, Special Projects through the Company s acquisition of ChildrenFirst, Inc., where he served as its legal counsel for eight years. Mr. Casagrande was employed as an Associate at Palmer and Dodge LLP from 1987 through 1995. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Mandy Berman , age 52, has served as Chief Operating Officer, Back-up Care and Emerging Care Services since February 2023. Prior to re-joining the Company, Ms. Berman served as Chief Operating Officer of Marathon Health, a leading provider of employer-sponsored health centers nationwide, from September 2020 to January 2023, and Chief Operating Officer of 42 North Dental, a New England-based dental support organization, from March 2019 to August 2020. Previously, Ms. Berman served as Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of the Company from January 2016 to February 2019 when she was responsible for Back-up Care, IT, and client reporting. From January 2014 until December 2015, Ms. Berman served as Executive Vice President, Back-up and Global Operations and, from September 2005 to December 2013, she served as Vice President, Back-up Care Operations and then Senior Vice President, Back-up Care Operations. Ms. Berman first joined the Company through the acquisition of ChildrenFirst, Inc. in 2005. Ms. Berman has served as a member of the Board of HarborOne Bank (NASDAQ: HONE) since 2019. 
 Ros Marshall , age 63, has served as Managing Director, International since July 2022. Ms. Marshall joined the Company as Managing Director, United Kingdom in January 2020. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Marshall was the Chief Executive Officer of Taaleem from 2013 to 2019, the second largest international school group in the United Arab Emirates. From 2010 to 2013, Ms. Marshall served as Chief Executive Officer of Kidsunlimited Group Limited, which was acquired by Bright Horizons in 2013. From 2012 to 2018, Ms. Marshall served as Trustee of the British Council, and was awarded an OBE in 2021 for services to Education, the British Council, and the National Children's Orchestra of Great Britain. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Principal Market 
 Our common stock is listed on the NYSE under the ticker symbol BFAM . 
 As of February 15, 2023, there were 21 holders of record of our common stock. 
 Dividend Policy 
 There were no cash dividends paid on our common stock during the past two fiscal years. Our board of directors does not currently intend to pay regular dividends on our common stock. However, we expect to reevaluate our dividend policy on a regular basis and may, subject to compliance with the covenants contained in our senior secured credit facilities and other considerations, determine to pay dividends in the future. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The table below sets forth information regarding purchases of our common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased 
 (a) 
 Average Price Paid per Share 
 (b) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) 
 (c) 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (In thousands) (1) 
 (d) 
 October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 198,290 November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 198,290 December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 198,290 
 (1) The board of directors of the Company authorized a share repurchase program of up to 400 million of the Company s outstanding common stock effective December 16, 2021. The share repurchase program has no expiration date. The December 2021 repurchase program replaced the prior share repurchase program of up to 300 million effective June 2018, of which approximately 0.2 million remained available thereunder. All repurchased shares have been retired. 
 Equity Compensation Plans 
 The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022 with respect to shares of our common stock that may be issued under existing equity compensation plans. 
 Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (1) 
 (a) 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (1) 
 (b) 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available For Future Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 2,661,880 103.11 1,536,367 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 2,661,880 103.11 1,536,367 
 (1) The number of securities includes 398,522 shares that may be issued upon the settlement of restricted stock units and performance stock units. The restricted stock units and performance stock units are excluded from the weighted average exercise price calculation. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Performance Graph 
 The following performance graph and related information shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference into such filing. 
 The following graph compares the total return to stockholders of our common stock for the past five years through December 31, 2022, relative to the total return of the following: 
 the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index; and 
 the Russell Midcap Growth Index. Bright Horizons selected an index as a comparable as there is a lack of public company comparables in our industry, with most of our peers operating as private companies or divisions of larger diversified companies, and no widely recognized published industry indices. We determined that an equity index for companies with similar market capitalization and growth objectives would provide for an appropriate peer group and we believe the Russell Midcap Growth Index provides the best means of comparison to the Company. The Russell Midcap Growth Index is a subset of the Russell 1000 Index and is composed of select companies from the 800 smallest companies of the Russell 1000 Index (Russell Midcap Index) that display higher price-to-book ratios and higher forecasted growth values. 
 The graph assumes that 100 was invested in our common stock, and in the indices noted above, and that all dividends, if any, were reinvested. No dividends have been declared or paid on our common stock. The stock price performance shown in the graph is not necessarily indicative of future performance. 
 
 Years ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. 100.00 118.55 159.84 183.96 133.85 67.08 NYSE Composite Index 100.00 91.21 114.69 122.70 148.07 134.22 Russell Midcap Growth Index 100.00 95.25 129.03 174.95 197.22 144.52 
 Note: Underlying data provided by Zacks Investment Research, Inc. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations generally discusses our results of operations for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 and provides comparisons between such fiscal years. For discussion and comparison of Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2021, filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022. 
 The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements and involves numerous risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and generally contain words such as believes, expects, may, will, should, seeks, approximately, intends, plans, estimates, anticipates or similar expressions. Our forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or implied by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and currently available data and are neither predictions nor guarantees of future events or performance. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. See Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. 
 Overview 
 We are a leading provider of high-quality education and care, including early education and child care, back-up and family care solutions, and workforce education services that are designed to help families, employers and their employees solve the challenges of the modern workforce and thrive personally and professionally. We provide services primarily under multi-year contracts with employers who offer early education and child care, back-up care, and educational advisory and other services as part of their employee benefits packages in an effort to support employees across life and career stages and to improve recruitment, employee engagement, productivity, retention, and career advancement. 
 At December 31, 2022, we operated 1,078 early education and child care centers, consisting of 643 centers in North America and 435 centers internationally. We have the capacity to serve approximately 120,000 children and their families in the United States, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Australia and India. We seek to cluster centers in geographic areas to enhance operating efficiencies and to create a leading market presence. At December 31, 2022, 99 of our early education and child care centers were open. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had more than 1,400 client relationships with employers across a diverse array of industries, including more than 215 Fortune 500 companies. At December 31, 2022, we managed child care centers on behalf of single employers in the following industries and also managed lease/consortium locations in approximately the following proportions: Percentage of Centers Classification North America International Employer locations: Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals 20.0 2.0 Government and Higher Education 12.5 4.0 Financial Services 7.5 2.0 Consumer 7.5 Professional Services and Other 5.0 Technology 5.0 1.0 Industrial/Manufacturing 2.5 1.0 60.0 10.0 Lease/consortium locations 40.0 90.0 100.0 100.0 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Our reportable segments are comprised of (1) full service center-based child care, (2) back-up care, and (3) educational advisory and other services. Full service center-based child care includes traditional center-based early education and child care, preschool and elementary education. Back-up care consists of center-based back-up child care, in-home care for children and adult/elder dependents, school age camps, virtual tutoring, pet care and self-sourced reimbursed care. Educational advisory and other services includes tuition assistance and student loan repayment program management, workforce education, related educational advising, college advisory services, and Sittercity, an online marketplace for families and caregivers. Additional information about our operations, structure and services is included in Business Our Operations in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additional segment information is included in Note 18, Segment and Geographic Information , to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Since March 2020, our global operations have been significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and the measures undertaken in response thereto. During the early stages of the pandemic, most of our child care centers were temporarily closed. We responded by quickly adapting to the changing environment and focusing on health and safety, supporting clients and their essential frontline workers and pivoting to expand back-up care solutions for clients and employees to meet the surge in need and demand. Nearly all of our centers have subsequently re-opened and we continue to see year-over-year enrollment growth as centers re-ramp. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we also saw solid growth in back-up care and educational advisory and other services as we delivered a record number of care sessions and supported more adult learners in their pursuit of higher education. Additionally, on July 1, 2022, we expanded our footprint into Australia with the acquisition of Only About Children OAC ), a high-quality operator of approximately 75 early education and child care centers. 
 While we continue to see year-over-year growth and progress, we are still navigating through a dynamic operating environment that is recovering from the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting impact on workplace and work-from-home policies and disrupted staff availability, and is also being impacted by the effects of current macroeconomic conditions. 
 We continue to monitor and respond to the changing conditions, challenges and disruptions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, and the changing needs of clients, families and children. We remain focused on our strategic priorities to deliver high quality education and care services, connect across our service lines, extend our impact on new customers and clients, and preserve our strong culture. We have executed a number of strategic actions to strengthen our client partnerships and our employee value proposition to better position us as the service provider and employer of choice in our industry. As the early education industry continues to be impacted by a challenging labor market, we continue to invest in our employees and build on what makes us an employer of choice. We have enhanced compensation and expanded employee benefits, enhanced our mental health and wellness resources, and continue to champion for early educators through our Horizons Teacher Degree Program , where our employees can earn an associate or bachelor's degree in early childhood education at no-cost. 
 As we continue to recover from the impact of the pandemic, we remain committed to serving the needs of families, clients and our employees. We are confident in our value proposition, business model, the strength of our client partnerships, the strength of our balance sheet and liquidity position, and our ability to continue to respond to changing market conditions. Our ability to fully return to the operating income levels at which we operated prior to COVID-19, and to continue to increase operating income in the future, will depend upon our ability to continue to regain and sustain the following characteristics of our business and our strategic growth priorities: 
 maintenance and incremental growth of enrollment in our mature and ramping centers, and cost management in response to changes in enrollment in our centers; 
 attraction and retention of qualified early childhood educators to meet the enrollment demand; 
 effective pricing strategies, including tuition increases that correlate with expected increases in personnel costs, including wages and benefits, and additional pricing actions to accommodate higher operating costs and the impact of persistent inflation; 
 additional growth in expanded service offerings and cross-selling of services to clients; 
 additional growth in the number of back-up care uses and care use types; 
 successful identification and integration of acquisitions and transitions of management of centers; and, 
 successful management and improvement of underperforming centers. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth statement of income data as a percentage of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands, except percentages) Revenue 2,020,487 100.0 1,755,307 100.0 Cost of services 1,541,834 76.3 1,340,296 76.4 Gross profit 478,653 23.7 415,011 23.6 Selling, general and administrative expenses 289,156 14.3 256,821 14.6 Amortization of intangible assets 31,912 1.6 29,172 1.6 Income from operations 157,585 7.8 129,018 7.4 Loss on foreign currency forward contracts (5,917) (0.3) Loss on extinguishment of debt (2,571) (0.2) Interest expense net (39,486) (1.9) (36,099) (2.1) Income before income tax 112,182 5.6 90,348 5.1 Income tax expense (31,541) (1.6) (19,889) (1.1) Net income 80,641 4.0 70,459 4.0 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 316,994 15.7 272,068 15.5 Adjusted income from operations (1) 
 182,741 9.0 140,178 8.0 Adjusted net income (1) 
 152,199 7.5 121,396 6.9 
 (1) Adjusted EBITDA, adjusted income from operations and adjusted net income are non-GAAP financial measures and are not determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). Refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Reconciliation below for a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective measures determined under GAAP and for information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Revenue. Revenue increased by 265.2 million, or 15 , to 2.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 1.8 billion for the prior year. The following table summarizes the revenue and percentage of total revenue for each of our segments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change 2022 vs 2021 
 (in thousands, except percentages) Full service center-based child care 1,493,758 73.9 1,297,208 73.9 196,550 15.2 Tuition 1,345,599 90.1 1,145,723 88.3 199,876 17.4 Management fees and operating subsidies 148,159 9.9 151,485 11.7 (3,326) (2.2) Back-up care 409,554 20.3 351,103 20.0 58,451 16.6 Educational advisory and other services 117,175 5.8 106,996 6.1 10,179 9.5 Total revenue 2,020,487 100.0 1,755,307 100.0 265,180 15.1 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue generated by the full service center-based child care segment in the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 196.6 million, or 15 , when compared to the prior year. Revenue growth in this segment was attributable to enrollment increases in our open centers and the re-opening of our temporarily closed centers, as well as the acquisition of approximately 75 child care centers in Australia in the third quarter of 2022. Tuition revenue increased by 199.9 million, or 17 , when compared to the prior year, on a 15 increase in enrollment and revenue contributions from OAC of 71.5 million. While center enrollment continues to improve, our centers are operating below pre-COVID-19 enrollment levels as the ongoing labor market challenges have constrained enrollment and slowed the recovery in both the U.S. and International markets. We expect continued revenue improvement throughout 2023. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022, 5.5 million was received from government programs related to tuition support, which has been included in tuition revenue. Lower foreign currency exchange rates for our United Kingdom and Netherlands operations decreased 2022 tuition revenue by approximately 50 million, or 4 , and partially offset our revenue growth. Fluctuations in the foreign currency exchange rates may continue throughout 2023 impacting tuition revenue. Management fees and operating subsidies from employer sponsors decreased 3.3 million, or 2 , due to an increase in the funding received from government support programs, from 16.0 million in 2021 to 31.7 million in 2022, that reduced operating costs in certain employer-sponsored centers, thereby reducing the related operating subsidies. This was partially offset by higher operating subsidies required to support center operations during this re-enrollment phase. 
 Revenue generated by back-up care services in the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 58.5 million, or 17 , when compared to the prior year. Revenue growth in the back-up care segment was primarily attributable to increased utilization of center-based and in-home back-up care from new and existing clients, expanded sales to new clients, and contributions from various other back-up care use types. 
 Revenue generated by educational advisory and other services in the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 10.2 million, or 10 , when compared to the prior year. Revenue growth in this segment was primarily attributable to contributions from sales to new clients and increased utilization from existing clients. 
 Cost of Services. Cost of services increased 201.5 million, or 15 , to 1.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 1.3 billion for the prior year. 
 Cost of services in the full service center-based child care segment increased by 148.8 million, or 13 , to 1.3 billion in the year ended December 31, 2022, when compared to the prior year. The increase in cost of services was primarily associated with increased labor costs as we staff centers to serve current and increasing enrollment in our centers, and the re-opening of our temporarily closed centers throughout the year, as well as the acquisition of OAC, which added approximately 75 child care centers in the third quarter of 2022, and general market inflation. Personnel costs increased 19 primarily in connection with the enrollment growth at our centers, higher average labor costs and the incremental costs associated with the OAC centers. Cost of services also includes impairment costs of 14.1 million in 2022 and 10.6 million in 2021, related to long-lived assets. Funding received from government support programs reduced center operating expenses by 86.8 million in 2022, compared to 50.9 million in 2021. As noted above, a portion of the funding received from government support programs reduced the operating costs in certain employer-sponsored centers, which in turn reduced the operating subsidy revenue due from employers for the related child care centers by 31.7 million and 16.0 million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Cost of services in the back-up care segment increased by 51.1 million, or 30 , to 221.1 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, when compared to the prior year. The increase in cost of services is primarily associated with the shift in use mix as more back-up use was delivered through center-based and in-home back-up care in 2022 compared to more significant use of self-sourced reimbursed care in the prior year. Cost of services in 2022 included higher care provider fees generated by the increase in utilization levels of center-based and in-home back-up care over the prior year, and continued investment in personnel, marketing and technology to support our customer user experience and service delivery. 
 Cost of services in the educational advisory and other services segment increased by 1.6 million, or 3 , to 51.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, when compared to the prior year due to increased personnel costs related to delivering services to the expanding customer base. 
 Gross Profit. Gross profit increased by 63.6 million, or 15 , to 478.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 415.0 million for the prior year. The increase was primarily due to improved margins in the full service center-based child care segment from enrollment increases at open centers and the re-opening of temporarily closed centers. Gross profit margin was 24 of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, consistent with the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses SGA ). SGA increased 32.3 million, or 13 , to 289.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 256.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, in order to support the business as it continues to re-ramp, including overhead associated with the acquired OAC operations, and associated with the transaction-related costs of 9.2 million incurred in conjunction with the acquisition of OAC. SGA was 14 of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, consistent with 2021. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Amortization of Intangible Assets. Amortization expense on intangible assets was 31.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase from 29.2 million in the prior year, due to increases from intangible assets acquired in relation to acquisitions completed in 2021 and 2022, partially offset by the use of the accelerated method of amortization for certain intangibles and decreases from intangible assets becoming fully amortized during the period. Refer to Note 6, Goodwill and Intangible Assets , to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details. 
 Income from Operations. Income from operations increased by 28.6 million, or 22 , to 157.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 when compared to the prior year. The following table summarizes income from operations and percentage of revenue for each of our segments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change 2022 vs 2021 
 (In thousands, except percentages) Full service center-based child care 12,937 0.9 (8,431) (0.6) 21,368 253.4 Back-up care 118,788 29.0 115,173 32.8 3,615 3.1 Educational advisory and other services 25,860 22.1 22,276 20.8 3,584 16.1 Income from operations 157,585 7.8 129,018 7.4 28,567 22.1 
 The increase in income from operations was due to the following: 
 Income from operations for the full service center-based child care segment increased 21.4 million, or 253 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, when compared to the same period in 2021 primarily due to increases in tuition revenue from enrollment growth in our open centers and the re-opening of temporarily closed centers, as well as incremental net contributions of 25.7 million from government support programs that primarily reduced certain operating expenses, partially offset by transaction-related costs of 9.2 million incurred in conjunction with the acquisition of OAC, and incremental impairment losses of 3.5 million related to long-lived assets. We expect to receive less government support in 2023 as most of these programs are currently expected to end by September 2023. 
 Income from operations for the back-up care segment increased 3.6 million, or 3 , in the year ended December 31, 2022 when compared to the same period in 2021, due to the expanding revenue base from increased sales and utilization, partially offset by higher operating costs as the service delivery mix continues to shift back to pre-COVID-19 levels, with increasing utilization of traditional in-home and center-based back-up care, as well as other use types, and reduced self-sourced reimbursed care compared to the prior year. 
 Income from operations for the educational advisory and other services segment increased 3.6 million, or 16 , in the year ended December 31, 2022 when compared to the same period in 2021 due to contributions from the expanding revenue base. 
 Loss on Foreign Currency Forward Contracts. During the year ended December 31, 2022, in connection with the OAC acquisition in Australia completed on July 1, 2022, we entered into foreign currency forward contracts with a total notional value of approximately AUD 320 million, which included the expected payments for the purchase price and for letters of credit used to guarantee certain lease arrangements, to mitigate the impact of foreign currency fluctuations between signing of the definitive purchase agreement on May 3, 2022 and closing. The cash flows associated with the business combination do not meet the criteria to be designated and accounted for as cash flow hedges and, as such, foreign currency gains and losses are recorded on the consolidated statement of income. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized realized losses of 5.9 million in relation to these forward contracts due to fluctuations in the Australian dollar. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt. A loss on the extinguishment of debt of 2.6 million was recorded in the year ended December 31, 2021, related to the unamortized original issue cost and deferred financing fees that were written off in connection with the November 2021 debt refinancing. Refer to Note 12, Credit Arrangements and Debt Obligations , to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details. 
 Net Interest Expense. Net interest expense increased to 39.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 36.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, due to increased borrowings under our revolving credit facility, as well as higher interest rates applicable to those borrowings. Including the effects of cash flow hedges, the weighted average interest rates for the term loans and revolving credit facility were 3.02 and 2.98 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Based on our current interest rate projections, we estimate that our overall weighted average interest rate will approximate 4.25 for 2023. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Income Tax Expense. We recorded an income tax expense of 31.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, at an effective income tax rate of 28.1 , compared to income tax expense of 19.9 million, at an effective income tax rate of 22.0 , during the prior year. The difference between the effective income tax rates as compared to the statutory income tax rates was primarily due to the effects of excess tax benefits associated with the exercise or expiration of stock options and vesting of restricted stock. Net excess tax benefits reduced income tax expense by 2.0 million in 2022, compared to 7.8 million in 2021, due to lower volume of equity transactions and lower excess tax benefits realized on each transaction in 2022. Refer to Note 15, Stockholders Equity and Stock-based Compensation , to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details. The effective income tax rate would have approximated 28 and 29 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, prior to the inclusion of the net excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation and other discrete items. 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Income from Operations. Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted income from operations increased 44.9 million, or 17 , and 42.6 million, or 30 , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022 over the comparable period in 2021 primarily as a result of the increase in gross profit in the full service center-based child care segment. 
 Adjusted Net Income. Adjusted net income increased 30.8 million, or 25 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 when compared to the same period in 2021 primarily due to the increase in income from operations, partially offset by a higher effective tax rate. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Reconciliation 
 In our quarterly and annual reports, earnings press releases and conference calls, we discuss key financial measures that are not calculated in accordance with GAAP to supplement our consolidated financial statements presented on a GAAP basis. These non-GAAP financial measures of adjusted EBITDA, adjusted income from operations, adjusted net income and diluted adjusted earnings per common share are reconciled from their respective measures determined under GAAP as follows: Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands, except share data) Net income 80,641 70,459 Interest expense net 39,486 36,099 Income tax expense 31,541 19,889 Depreciation 74,230 79,658 Amortization of intangible assets (a) 
 31,912 29,172 EBITDA 257,810 235,277 Additional adjustments: COVID-19 related costs and impairments (b) 
 14,061 10,582 Stock-based compensation expense (c) 
 28,111 23,060 Other costs (d) 
 11,095 578 Loss on foreign currency forward contracts (e) 
 5,917 Loss on extinguishment of debt 2,571 Total adjustments 59,184 36,791 Adjusted EBITDA 316,994 272,068 Income from operations 157,585 129,018 COVID-19 related costs and impairments (b) 
 14,061 10,582 Other costs (d) 
 11,095 578 Adjusted income from operations 182,741 140,178 Net income 80,641 70,459 Income tax expense 31,541 19,889 Income before income tax 112,182 90,348 Amortization of intangible assets (a) 
 31,912 29,172 COVID-19 related costs and impairments (b) 
 14,061 10,582 Stock-based compensation expense (c) 
 28,111 23,060 Other costs (d) 
 11,095 578 Loss on foreign currency forward contracts (e) 
 5,917 Loss on extinguishment of debt 2,571 Interest on deferred consideration (f) 
 2,957 Adjusted income before income tax 206,235 156,311 Adjusted income tax expense (g) 
 (54,036) (34,915) Adjusted net income 152,199 121,396 Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted 58,490,652 60,871,399 Diluted adjusted earnings per common share 2.60 1.99 
 (a) Amortization of intangible assets represents amortization expense, including annual amortization expense of approximately 20.0 million associated with intangible assets recorded in connection with our going private transaction in May 2008. 
 (b) COVID-19 related costs and impairments represent impairment costs for long-lived assets as a result of temporary and permanent center closures and decreased operating performance due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations or the recovery therefrom. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, impairment costs totaled 14.1 million and 10.6 million, respectively, related to the full service center-based child care segment. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 (c) Stock-based compensation expense represents non-cash stock-based compensation expense in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation. 
 (d) Other costs in the year ended December 31, 2022 consist of transaction costs incurred in connection with acquisitions of 9.2 million and costs incurred in relation to a cyber incident of 1.9 million. Other costs in the year ended December 31, 2021 represent transaction costs incurred in connection with acquisitions. 
 (e) During 2022, we entered into foreign currency forward contracts for the purchase of Australian dollars to satisfy the purchase price of an acquisition completed on July 1, 2022. A loss of 5.9 million resulting from fluctuations in foreign currency rates was recognized in 2022 in relation to these contracts. 
 (f) Interest on deferred consideration represents the imputed interest on the deferred consideration issued in connection with the July 1, 2022 acquisition of OAC. 
 (g) Adjusted income tax expense represents income tax expense calculated on adjusted income before income tax at an effective tax rate of approximately 26 and 22 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The tax rate for 2022 represents a tax rate of approximately 28 applied to the adjusted income before income tax, less the effect of net excess tax benefits related to equity transactions. 
 Adjusted EBITDA, adjusted income from operations, adjusted net income and diluted adjusted earnings per common share (collectively referred to as the non-GAAP financial measures are not presentations made in accordance with GAAP, and the use of the terms adjusted EBITDA, adjusted income from operations, adjusted net income and diluted adjusted earnings per common share may differ from similar measures reported by other companies and may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful information with respect to our historical operations. We present the non-GAAP financial measures as supplemental performance measures because we believe they facilitate a comparative assessment of our operating performance relative to our performance based on our results under GAAP, while isolating the effects of some items that vary from period to period. Specifically, adjusted EBITDA allows for an assessment of our operating performance and of our ability to service or incur indebtedness without the effect of non-cash charges, such as depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation expense, and at times, non-recurring costs, such as impairment costs and other costs incurred due to the impact of COVID-19, transaction costs, loss on foreign currency forward contracts, loss on extinguishment of debt, and costs incurred and any insurance recoveries received in relation to a cyber incident. In addition, adjusted income from operations, adjusted net income and diluted adjusted earnings per common share allow us to assess our performance without the impact of the specifically identified items that we believe do not directly reflect our core operations. These non-GAAP financial measures also function as key performance indicators used to evaluate our operating performance internally, and they are used in connection with the determination of incentive compensation for management, including executive officers. Adjusted EBITDA is also used in connection with the determination of certain ratio requirements under our credit agreement. 
 Adjusted EBITDA, adjusted income from operations, adjusted net income and diluted adjusted earnings per common share are not measurements of our financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to income before taxes, net income, diluted earnings per common share, net cash provided by (used in) operating, investing or financing activities or any other financial statement data presented as indicators of financial performance or liquidity, each as presented in accordance with GAAP. Consequently, our non-GAAP financial measures should be considered together with our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared in accordance with GAAP and included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We understand that although adjusted EBITDA, adjusted income from operations, adjusted net income and diluted adjusted earnings per common share are frequently used by securities analysts, lenders and others in their evaluation of companies, they have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are: 
 adjusted EBITDA, adjusted income from operations and adjusted net income do not fully reflect our cash expenditures, future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 
 adjusted EBITDA, adjusted income from operations and adjusted net income do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
 adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the significant interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on debt; and, 
 although depreciation, amortization and impairments are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated, amortized and impaired will often have to be replaced in the future; and adjusted EBITDA, adjusted income from operations and adjusted net income do not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements. 
 Because of these limitations, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted income from operations, and adjusted net income should not be considered as discretionary cash available to us to reinvest in the growth of our business or as measures of cash that will be available to us to meet our obligations. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary cash requirements are for the ongoing operations of our existing early education and child care centers, back-up care, educational advisory and other services, the addition of new centers through development or acquisitions, and debt financing obligations. Our primary sources of liquidity are our existing cash, cash flows from operations, and borrowings available under our revolving credit facility. We had 36.2 million in cash 51.9 million including restricted cash) at December 31, 2022, of which 22.4 million was held in foreign jurisdictions, compared to 261.0 million in cash 265.3 million including restricted cash) at December 31, 2021, of which 25.8 million was held in foreign jurisdictions. Operations outside of North America accounted for 26 of our consolidated revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The net impact on our liquidity from changes in foreign currency exchange rates was not material for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 On July 1, 2022, we completed the acquisition of the outstanding shares of Only About Children, a child care operator in Australia, for aggregate consideration of AUD 450 million. We paid approximately AUD 300 million (USD 207 million), net of cash acquired, and will pay an additional USD 106.5 million 18 months after closing. The initial purchase price was financed with cash on hand. In addition, we funded AUD 14.1 million (USD 9.7 million) for cash-backed guarantees for leases that are recorded as restricted cash on our consolidated balance sheet. 
 Our revolving credit facility is part of our senior secured credit facilities, which consist of secured term loans and a 400 million revolving credit facility. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, 310.8 million and 400 million of the revolving credit facility was available for borrowing, respectively. On November 23, 2021, the Company amended its existing senior secured credit facilities to refinance the existing secured term loan facility with a new term loan B facility of 600 million and a new term loan A facility of 400 million. Proceeds of 1 billion from the new term loans, together with cash on hand, were used to repay 1.03 billion in outstanding term loans and related fees and expenses. Refer to Note 12, Credit Arrangements and Debt Obligations , to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on our senior secured credit facilities. 
 We had a working capital deficit of 438.6 million and 81.9 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Our working capital deficit in 2022 has primarily arisen from using cash to make long-term investments in fixed assets and acquisitions, deferred consideration issued in relation to an acquisition and from share repurchases. We anticipate that our cash flows from operating activities will continue to be impacted while our center operating performance ramps enrollment. As we focus on the enrollment and ramping of centers, we continue to prioritize investments that support current operations and strategic opportunities, as well as the principal and interest payments on our debt. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we participated in government support programs that were enacted in response to the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including certain tax deferrals, tax credits and Federal block grant funding in the United States. We expect to receive less government support in 2023 as most of these programs are currently expected to end by September 30, 2023. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, 86.8 million and 50.9 million, respectively, was recorded as a reduction to cost of services in relation to these benefits, of which 31.7 million and 16.0 million, respectively, reduced the operating subsidy revenue from employers for the related child care centers. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022, amounts received for tuition support of 5.5 million were recorded to revenue. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 1.2 million and 3.3 million, respectively, was recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet for amounts due from government support programs. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 4.6 million and 3.9 million, respectively, was recorded to other current liabilities related to government support received related to future periods, and as of December 31, 2021, payroll tax deferrals of 7.0 million were recorded in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have payroll tax deferrals remaining. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 904.5 million in lease liabilities, 94.1 million of which is short term in nature. Refer to Note 4, Leases , to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on leases, including the maturity of the contractual obligations related to our lease liabilities. 
 The board of directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to 400 million of our outstanding common stock, effective December 16, 2021. The share repurchase program has no expiration date and replaced the prior June 2018 authorization, of which 0.2 million remained available thereunder. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 2.0 million shares for 182.3 million, and at December 31, 2022, 198.3 million remained available under the repurchase program. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we repurchased 1.6 million shares for 214.1 million. All repurchased shares have been retired. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 We believe that funds provided by operations, our existing cash balances and borrowings available under our revolving credit facility will be adequate to fund all obligations and liquidity requirements for at least the next twelve months. However, if we were to experience continued or renewed disruption from the COVID-19 pandemic or if we were to undertake any significant acquisitions or make investments in the purchase of facilities for new or existing centers, we could require financing beyond our existing cash and borrowing capacity, and it could be necessary for us to obtain additional debt or equity financing. We may not be able to obtain such financing on reasonable terms, or at all. 
 Cash Flows Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities 188,471 227,253 Net cash used in investing activities (278,049) (117,389) Net cash used in financing activities (121,338) (230,030) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning of year 
 265,281 388,465 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash end of year 
 51,894 265,281 
 Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 188.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 227.3 million for 2021. The decrease in cash provided by operations relates to lower cash provided by working capital arising from the timing of billings and payments when compared to the prior year and the payment of 5.4 million in contingent consideration during the year ended December 31, 2022, partially offset by the increase in net income of 10.2 million. 
 Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 Cash used in investing activities was 278.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 117.4 million for the prior year, an increase of 160.6 million. The increase in cash used in investing activities was primarily related to acquisitions when compared to the prior year. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we used 210.4 million to acquire the outstanding shares of OAC, an operator of approximately 75 child care centers in Australia, and to acquire three additional centers. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we used 53.9 million to acquire 18 centers as well as a camp and back-up care provider in five acquisitions. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we invested an additional 2.3 million in fixed assets, offset by a decrease of 4.1 million in cash used to purchase debt securities and other investments when compared to the prior year. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we used 5.9 million in cash to settle foreign currency arrangements, which did not occur in the prior year. We entered into foreign currency forward contracts in 2022 in advance of the acquisition completed on July 1, 2022 in Australia. 
 We expect that in 2023 we will continue to spend on fixed asset additions related to new child care centers, maintenance and refurbishments in our existing centers, and continued investments in technology and equipment. As part of our growth strategy, we also expect to continue to make selective acquisitions. 
 Cash Used in Financing Activities 
 Cash used in financing activities was 121.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to cash used in financing activities of 230.0 million in 2021. The change in financing activities was primarily related to net borrowings on our revolving credit facility of 84.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to no borrowings under our revolving credit facility in the year ended December 31, 2021. Additionally, we had 31.3 million less in share repurchases during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, offset by a decrease in proceeds from the exercise of stock options and the issuance and sale of restricted stock, and amounts paid for contingent consideration. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Debt 
 Our senior secured credit facilities consist of a 600 million term loan B facility term loan B ), a 400 million term loan A facility term loan A ), and a 400 million multi-currency revolving credit facility. Long term debt obligations were as follows: December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Term loan B 594,000 600,000 Term loan A 390,000 400,000 Deferred financing costs and original issue discount (6,419) (7,604) Total debt 977,581 992,396 Less current maturities (16,000) (16,000) Long-term debt 961,581 976,396 
 On November 23, 2021, the Company amended its existing senior secured credit facilities to refinance the existing secured term loan facility with a new term loan B facility of 600 million and a new term loan A facility of 400 million, collectively the term loan facilities or term loans. Proceeds of 1 billion from the new term loans, together with cash on hand, were used to repay 1.03 billion in outstanding term loans and related fees and expenses. The terms of the existing 400 million multi-currency revolving credit facility revolving credit facility were not modified in the November 2021 amendment. 
 On December 21, 2022, the Company amended its existing senior secured credit facilities to replace the LIBOR-based benchmark rate with a term SOFR benchmark rate. This amendment did not alter the applicable interest rate margins in effect prior to the change. 
 The seven-year term loan B matures on November 23, 2028 and requires quarterly principal payments equal to 1 per annum of the original aggregate principal amount of the term loan B, with the remaining principal balance due at maturity. The five-year term loan A matures on November 23, 2026 and requires quarterly principal payments equal to 2.5 per annum of the original aggregate principal amount of the term loan A in each of the first three years, 5 in the fourth year, and 7.5 in the fifth year. The remaining principal balance is due at maturity. 
 The revolving credit facility matures on May 26, 2026. There were 84.0 million in borrowings outstanding on the revolving credit facility at December 31, 2022. There were no borrowings outstanding on the revolving credit facility at December 31, 2021. 
 Borrowings under the credit agreement are subject to variable interest. We mitigate our interest rate exposure with interest rate cap agreements. On December 21, 2022, the Company amended its existing interest rate cap agreements in conjunction with the amendment to its senior secured credit facilities, and replaced the one-month LIBOR rate with the one-month term SOFR rate. In June 2020, we entered into interest rate cap agreements with a total notional value of 800 million to provide us with interest rate protection in the event the one-month LIBOR rate increases above 1 (effective December 30, 2022, one-month term SOFR rate increases above 0.9 ). Interest rate cap agreements for 300 million notional value have an effective date of June 30, 2020 and expire on October 31, 2023, while interest rate cap agreements for another 500 million notional amount have an effective date of October 29, 2021 and expire on October 31, 2023. In December 2021, we entered into additional interest rate cap agreements with a total notional value of 900 million. Interest rate cap agreements for 600 million, which have a forward starting effective date of October 31, 2023 and expire on October 31, 2025, provide the Company with interest rate protection in the event the one-month LIBOR rate increases above 2.5 (effective December 30, 2022, one-month term SOFR rate increases above 2.4 ). Interest rate cap agreements for 300 million, which have a forward starting effective date of October 31, 2023 and expire on October 31, 2026, provide the Company with interest rate protection in the event the one-month LIBOR rate increases above 3.0 (effective December 30, 2022, one-month term SOFR rate increases above 2.9 ). 
 The weighted average interest rate for the term loans and revolving credit facility was 3.02 , and 2.98 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, including the impact of the cash flow hedges. Based on our current interest rate projections, we estimate that our overall weighted average interest rate will approximate 4.25 for 2023. Based on the interest rates in effect as of December 31, 2022, interest payments on the outstanding principal balance of the term loans, including commitment fees on the revolving credit facility, are estimated at 57 million annually. However, actual interest paid may be different from these estimates based on changes in the market. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 The term loan A and the revolving credit facility require Bright Horizons Family Solutions LLC, the borrower, and its restricted subsidiaries to comply with a maximum first lien net leverage ratio. A breach of this covenant is subject to certain equity cure rights. The credit agreement governing the senior secured credit facilities contains certain customary affirmative covenants and events of default. We were in compliance with our financial covenant at December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 12, Credit Arrangements and Debt Obligations , to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on our debt and credit arrangements, future principal payments of long-term debt, and covenant requirements. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates. The accounting policies and estimates we believe are critical in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements relate to revenue recognition and goodwill and other intangible assets. We have other significant accounting policies that are more fully described in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Both our critical and significant accounting policies are important to an understanding of the consolidated financial statements. 
 Revenue Recognition We generate revenue from services based on the nature of the promise and the consideration specified in contracts with customers. At contract inception, we assess the services promised in the contract and identify each distinct performance obligation. The transaction price of a contract is allocated to each distinct performance obligation using the relative stand-alone selling price and recognized as revenue when, or as, control of the service is passed to the customer. The application of these policies to the services provided by each of our segments is discussed below. 
 Our revenue recognition policy generally does not have significant judgments or estimates that significantly affect the determination of the amount, the allocation of the transaction price to performance obligations, or timing of revenue from contracts with customers. The nature of our services does not require significant judgment or estimates to determine when control transfers to the customer. Based on past practices and customer specific circumstances, we occasionally may grant concessions that impact the total transaction price. If the transaction price may be subject to adjustment, significant judgment may be required to ensure that it is probable that significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no material estimates related to the constraint of cumulative revenue recognized. 
 Full-Service Center-Based Child Care 
 Our full-service center-based child care services include traditional center-based early education and child care, preschool, and elementary education. We provide center-based child care services under two principal business models: (1) a cost-plus model, where we are paid a fee by an employer client for managing a child care center on a cost-plus basis, and (2) a P L model, where we assume the financial risk of operating a child care center and provide care on either an exclusive or priority enrollment basis to the employees of an employer sponsor, as well as to families in the surrounding community. In both the cost-plus and sponsor P L models, the employer sponsor retains responsibility for the development of a new child care center (which is generally owned or leased by the sponsor), as well as ongoing maintenance and repairs. In addition, employer sponsors typically provide subsidies for the ongoing provision of child care services to their employees. Under all model types, we retain responsibility for all aspects of operating the child care center, including the hiring and paying of employees, contracting with vendors, purchasing supplies, and collecting tuition and related accounts receivable. 
 Revenue generated from full-service center-based child care services is primarily comprised of monthly tuition paid by parents. Tuition is determined based on the age and developmental level of the child, the child s attendance schedule, and geographic location of the facility. The full-service child care offering provided to parents represents a series of distinct services that are substantially the same and have the same pattern of transfer to the customer over time, which transfers daily. The tuition paid by parents is recognized on a daily basis, but for convenience is recorded on a monthly basis. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 We enter into contracts with employer sponsors to manage and operate their early education and child care centers for a management fee, or to provide child care services to their employees on an exclusive or priority basis. These arrangements generally have a contractual term of three to ten years with varying terms and renewal and cancellation options, and may also include operating subsidies paid either in lieu of or to supplement parent tuition. The management fee included in contracts with employer sponsors is typically a monthly amount, and generally includes an annual escalator that is intended to reflect expected future cost increases. Annual escalators are generally stated as a percentage or as a reference to a consumer price index. The contracts also generally include a termination right with a notice period. We allocate revenue for contracts with an accounting term in excess of one year to the applicable contract year based on the rates applicable for that annual period, which is commensurate with the expected increases to the cost of providing the service, our standard pricing practices, as well as the overall allocation objective described in the guidance. Services provided to the employer sponsor represent a series of distinct services that are substantially the same and have the same pattern of transfer to the customer over time, which transfers daily. Fees paid by the employer sponsor are recognized on a daily basis, but for convenience are recorded on a monthly basis (i.e., the same monthly amount within the contract year using the time elapsed method). 
 Certain arrangements provide that the employer sponsor pay operating subsidies in lieu of, or to supplement, parent tuition. The employer subsidy for cost-plus managed centers, which consists of variable consideration, is typically calculated as the difference between parent tuition revenue and the operating costs for the center for each respective month and is recognized as revenue in the month the services are provided. The variable consideration relates specifically to efforts to transfer each distinct daily service and the allocation of the consideration earned to that distinct day in which those activities are performed is consistent with the overall allocation objective. 
 Back-Up Care Services 
 Back-up care services consist of center-based back-up child care, in-home child and adult/elder dependent care, school-age camps, virtual tutoring, pet care and self-sourced reimbursed care. We provide back-up care services through our early education and child care centers, school-age camps and in-home caregivers, as well as through the back-up care network and through other providers. Our back-up care offers access to a contracted network of in-home service agencies and center-based providers in locations where we do not otherwise have in-home caregivers or centers with available capacity, to a network of tutoring service providers and third-party pet care providers. Self-sourced reimbursed care is a reimbursement program available to employer sponsors when other care solutions are not available, to provide payments to their employees to assist with the cost of self-sourced dependent care. 
 Back-up care revenue is primarily comprised of fixed and variable consideration paid by employer sponsors, and, to a lesser extent, co-payments collected from users at the point of service. These arrangements generally have contractual terms of three years with varying terms and renewal and cancellation options. Fees for back-up care services are typically determined based on the number of back-up uses purchased, which may be fixed based on a specified number of uses or variable fees paid per use, and are generally billed monthly as services are rendered or in advance. Revenue for back-up care services is recognized over time as the services are performed and is recognized in the month the back-up services are provided. Allocation of the consideration earned as the service is performed is consistent with the overall allocation objective. Revenue for self-sourced reimbursed care and pet care is based on a fee earned for each transaction processed and is recorded on a net basis as we are acting as an agent, and is recognized in the month the transactions are processed. 
 Educational Advisory and Other Services 
 Our educational advisory services consist of tuition assistance and student loan repayment program management, workforce education, and related educational consulting services EdAssist ), and college advisory services College Coach ). Educational advisory services revenue is primarily comprised of fixed and variable fees paid by employer clients for program management, coaching, and subscription of content, and, to a lesser extent, retail fees collected from users at the point of service. These arrangements generally have contractual terms of three years with varying terms and renewal and cancellation options. Fees for educational advisory services are determined based on the expected number of program participants and the services selected, and are generally billed in advance. Revenue for EdAssist is recognized on a straight-line basis using the time-elapsed method over the contract term with additional charges recognized in the month the additional services are provided consistent with the overall allocation objective. Additionally, revenue for tuition assistance and student loan repayments is based on a fee earned for each payment processed and is recorded on a net basis as we are acting as the agent for the processing of the payment from clients to their employees, and is recognized in the month the payments are processed. Revenue for College Coach is recognized over the contract term as college advisory services are provided and customers receive the benefit. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Other services consist of the Sittercity business, an online marketplace for families and caregivers. Revenue is primarily generated from subscriptions, comprised of fixed fees for the subscription period, and, to a lesser extent, variable transaction fees collected from users at the point of service. Subscription fees are recognized on a straight-line basis using the time-elapsed method over the contract term, and variable transaction fees earned are allocated to that distinct transaction consistent with the overall allocation objective. 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets We account for business combinations under the acquisition method of accounting. Amounts paid for an acquisition are allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values at the date of acquisition. Goodwill is recorded when the consideration paid for an acquisition exceeds the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired. Our intangible assets principally consist of various customer relationships (including both client and parent relationships) and trade names. Identified intangible assets that have determinable useful lives are valued separately from goodwill and are amortized over the estimated period during which we derive a benefit. Intangible assets related to parent relationships are amortized using an accelerated method over their useful lives. All other intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their useful lives. 
 In valuing the customer relationships and trade names, we utilize variations of the income approach, which relies on historical financial and qualitative information, as well as assumptions and estimates for projected financial information. We consider the income approach the most appropriate valuation technique because the inherent value of these assets is their ability to generate current and future income. Projected financial information is subject to risk if our estimates are incorrect. The most significant estimate relates to projected revenues and profitability. If the projected revenues and profitability used in the valuation calculations are not met, then the intangible assets could be impaired. Our multi-year contracts with client customers typically result in low annual turnover, and our long-term relationships with clients make it difficult for competitors to displace us. Customer relationships are considered to be finite-lived assets, with estimated lives typically ranging from two to seventeen years. Certain trade names acquired as part of our strategy to expand by completing strategic acquisitions are considered to be finite-lived assets, with estimated lives typically ranging from two to ten years. 
 Goodwill and certain trade names are considered to be indefinite-lived assets. Our trade names identify us and differentiate us from competitors and, therefore, competition does not limit the useful life of these assets. Additionally, we believe that our primary trade names will continue to generate revenue for an indefinite period. Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are not subject to amortization, but are tested annually for impairment or more frequently if there are indicators of impairment. Indefinite lived intangible assets are also subject to an annual evaluation to determine whether events and circumstances continue to support an indefinite useful life. 
 Goodwill impairment assessments are performed at the reporting unit level. In performing the goodwill impairment test, we may first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying value. Qualitative factors may include, but are not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, industry conditions, the competitive environment, changes in the market for the services, regulatory developments, cost factors, and entity specific factors such as overall financial performance and projected results. If an initial qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the carrying value exceeds the fair value of a reporting unit, an additional quantitative evaluation is performed. Alternatively, we may elect to proceed directly to the quantitative impairment test. In performing the quantitative analysis, we compare the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. Fair value for each reporting unit is determined by estimating the present value of expected future cash flows, which are forecasted for each of the next ten years, applying a long-term growth rate to the final year, discounted using the applicable discount rate. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, the goodwill of the reporting unit is considered not impaired. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we would recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, up to the amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. 
 We test certain trademarks that are determined to be indefinite-lived intangible assets by comparing the fair value of the trademarks with their carrying value. Fair value is determined by estimating the total revenue attributable to each trademark, multiplied by a market-derived royalty rate, and then discounted using the applicable discount rate. The forecasts of revenue and profitability growth for use in our long-range plan and the discount rate are the key assumptions in our fair value analysis. 
 We review long-lived assets, including definite-lived intangible assets, for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of such assets may not be recoverable. Impairment is assessed by comparing the carrying amounts of the assets to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows over the assets remaining lives. If the estimated cash flows are less than the carrying amounts of the assets, an impairment loss is recognized to reduce the carrying amounts of the assets to its estimated fair value. The estimated fair value is determined based on discounting estimated cash flows, including consideration of market rates for leased assets. The impairment is allocated to the long-lived assets on a pro rata basis using the relative carrying amounts, but only to the extent the carrying amount of an asset is above its fair value. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded impairment charges for long-lived assets of 14.1 million related to fixed assets and operating lease right-of-use assets. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Our primary market risk exposures relate to foreign currency exchange rate risk and interest rate risk. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 Our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates is primarily the result of foreign subsidiaries domiciled in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Australia, and India. We have not used financial derivative instruments to hedge foreign currency exchange rate risks associated with operations at our foreign subsidiaries. 
 The assets and liabilities of our subsidiaries in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Australia, and India, whose functional currencies are the British pound, Euro, Australian dollar and Indian rupee, respectively, are translated into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates prevailing during the period. The cumulative translation effects for subsidiaries using a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar are included in accumulated other comprehensive loss as a separate component of stockholders equity. We estimate that had the exchange rate in each country unfavorably changed by 10 relative to the U.S. dollar, our consolidated income before income tax would have decreased by approximately 1.9 million for 2022. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate exposure relates primarily to the effect of interest rate changes on borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility and term loan facilities that are subject to variable interest rates, and on our investments in marketable debt securities. 
 We mitigate our interest rate exposure with interest rate cap agreements. On December 21, 2022, the Company amended its existing interest rate cap agreements in conjunction with the amendment to its senior secured credit facilities, and replaced the one-month LIBOR rate with the one-month term SOFR rate. 
 In June 2020, we entered into interest rate cap agreements with a total notional value of 800 million, designated and accounted for as cash flow hedges from inception, to provide us with interest rate protection in the event the one-month LIBOR rate increases above 1 (effective December 30, 2022, one-month term SOFR rate increases above 0.9 ). Interest rate cap agreements for 300 million notional value have an effective date of June 30, 2020 and expire on October 31, 2023, while interest rate cap agreements for another 500 million notional amount have a forward starting effective date of October 29, 2021 and expire on October 31, 2023. 
 In December 2021, we entered into additional interest rate cap agreements with a total notional value of 900 million, which are designated and accounted for as cash flow hedges from inception. Interest rate cap agreements for 600 million, which have a forward starting effective date of October 31, 2023 and expire on October 31, 2025, provide us with interest rate protection in the event the one-month LIBOR rate increases above 2.5 (effective December 30, 2022, one-month term SOFR rate increases above 2.4 ). Interest rate cap agreements for 300 million, which have a forward starting effective date of October 31, 2023 and expire on October 31, 2026, provide us with interest rate protection in the event the one-month LIBOR rate increases above 3.0 (effective December 30, 2022, one-month term SOFR rate increases above 2.9 ). 
 At December 31, 2022, we had borrowings outstanding of 984.0 million under our term loan facilities and of 84.0 million under our revolving credit facility, which were subject to a weighted average interest rate of 3.02 during the year then ended December 31, 2022, including the impact of the interest rate cap agreements. 
 Based on the borrowings outstanding under the senior secured credit facilities during 2022, we estimate that had the average interest rate on our borrowings increased by 100 basis points in 2022, our interest expense for the year would have increased by approximately 4.1 million, including the impact of the interest rate hedge agreements. 
 These estimates assume the interest rate of each variable rate borrowing is raised by 100 basis points. The impact on future interest expense as a result of future changes in interest rates will depend largely on the gross amount of our borrowings subject to variable interest rates at that time. Therefore, the estimated increase in interest expense as calculated above may not be indicative of future expenses. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of our interest rate cap agreements was an asset of 54.1 million, with 25.5 million included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and 28.6 million in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 During the year ended December 31, 2022, our wholly-owned captive insurance entity purchased and sold marketable debt securities, which were classified as available-for-sale. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the available-for-sale debt securities was 29.6 million, with 17.7 million included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and 11.9 million in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. Our investments in debt securities primarily consist of U.S. Treasury and U.S. government agency securities that carry a fixed coupon rate, as well as certificate of deposits, and treasury bills with maturities greater than three months. As of December 31, 2022, a hypothetical increase in interest rates of 100 basis points would not have a material adverse impact on the fair value of our investment portfolio. Any unrealized gains or losses are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss and are realized if the debt securities are sold prior to maturity. 
 We may enter into additional derivatives or other market risk sensitive instruments in the future for the purpose of hedging or for other purposes. Refer to Note 12, Credit Arrangements and Debt Obligations, to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on derivative financial instruments. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 BRIGHT HORIZONS FAMILY SOLUTIONS INC. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 50 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 52 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 56 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 58 

49 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors 
 Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. 
 Newton, Massachusetts 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 28, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Revenue - Refer to Notes 2 and 3 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company provides center-based early education and child care, back-up child and adult/elder care, tuition assistance and student loan repayment program management, educational advisory services, and other support services for employers and families. The Company generates revenue from services based on the consideration specified in contracts with customers, which primarily consist of employer sponsors and parents. The Company recognizes revenue when a performance obligation is satisfied by transferring control of the promised services to a customer, in an amount that reflects the consideration that the Company expects to receive in exchange for those services. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct service to the customer. Revenue is primarily recognized over time as control of the service is transferred to the customer. 
 Given the Company s disparate services require recording a significant volume of transactions in multiple systems, performing audit procedures to test revenue required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to revenue included the following, among others: 
 We evaluated the Company s accounting policies for compliance with the applicable revenue recognition accounting guidance. 
 We performed analytical procedures to test the reasonableness of recorded balances. 
 We performed procedures to test the transactions were recorded in the appropriate accounting period. 
 We selected a sample of transactions within each significant revenue stream and performed the following: 
 Evaluated whether the transaction was accounted for in accordance with the Company s policies. 
 Tested the amounts recognized to source documents and tested the mathematical accuracy of the recorded revenue. 
 /s/ 
 
 February 28, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2005. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 BRIGHT HORIZONS FAMILY SOLUTIONS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands, except share data) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable net of allowance for credit losses of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Fixed assets net Goodwill Other intangible assets net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Current portion of long-term debt Borrowings under revolving credit facility Accounts payable and accrued expenses Current portion of operating lease liabilities Deferred revenue Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt net Operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Deferred revenue Deferred income taxes Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 20) 
 Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued or outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 BRIGHT HORIZONS FAMILY SOLUTIONS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands, except share data) Revenue Cost of services Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Amortization of intangible assets Income from operations Loss on foreign currency forward contracts ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Interest expense net ) ) ) Income before income tax Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Net income Earnings per common share: Common stock basic Common stock diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding: Common stock basic Common stock diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 BRIGHT HORIZONS FAMILY SOLUTIONS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges and investments, net of tax ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 BRIGHT HORIZONS FAMILY SOLUTIONS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Stock, at Cost Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount (In thousands, except share data) Balance at January 1, 2020 ) Issuance of common stock Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock under the Equity Incentive Plan Shares received in net share settlement of stock option exercises and vesting of restricted stock ) ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Retirement of treasury stock ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Net income Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock under the Equity Incentive Plan Shares received in net share settlement of stock option exercises and vesting of restricted stock ) ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Retirement of treasury stock ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net income Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock under the Equity Incentive Plan Shares received in net share settlement of stock option exercises and vesting of restricted stock ) ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Retirement of treasury stock ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net income Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 BRIGHT HORIZONS FAMILY SOLUTIONS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of original issue discount and deferred financing costs, and other non-cash items Impairment losses Loss on extinguishment of debt Loss on foreign currency forward contracts Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Changes in fair value of contingent consideration ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses Income taxes ) ) ) Deferred revenue ) Leases ) ) Other assets ) Other current and long-term liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchases of fixed assets ) ) ) Proceeds from the disposal of fixed assets Purchases of debt securities and other investments ) ) ) Proceeds from the maturity of debt securities and sale of other investments Payments and settlements for acquisitions net of cash acquired ) ) ) Settlement of foreign currency forward contracts ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Extinguishment of long-term debt ) Borrowings of long-term debt, net of issuance costs of million 
 Proceeds from stock issuance net of issuance costs Borrowings under revolving credit facility Payments under revolving credit facility ) ) Principal payments of long-term debt ) ) ) Payments for debt issuance costs ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon exercise of options and restricted stock upon purchase Taxes paid related to the net share settlement of stock options and restricted stock ) ) ) Payments of deferred and contingent consideration for acquisitions ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash end of year 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 BRIGHT HORIZONS FAMILY SOLUTIONS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) RECONCILIATION OF CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH TO THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and cash equivalents, included in prepaid expenses and other current assets Restricted cash and cash equivalents, included in other assets Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash end of year SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash payments of interest Cash payments of income taxes Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS: Fixed asset purchases recorded in accounts payable and accrued expenses Deferred or contingent consideration issued for acquisitions Operating right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities net Restricted stock reclassified from other current liabilities to equity upon vesting Treasury stock purchases in other current liabilities 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 BRIGHT HORIZONS FAMILY SOLUTIONS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 early education and child care centers, of which were open. 
 On July 1, 2022, the Company acquired Only About Children OAC ), an operator of approximately child care centers in Australia. Refer to Note 5, Acquisitions , for additional information. 
 
 2. 

million in book overdrafts were included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2021, there were book overdrafts. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

Provision Write offs and recoveries ) ) ) Ending balance 

59 

Table of Contents 

 , applying a long-term growth rate to the final year, discounted using the applicable discount rate. If the fair value of the Company s reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, the goodwill of the reporting unit is considered not impaired. If the carrying amount of the Company s reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the Company would recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, up to the amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. The Company performed a quantitative assessment in the 2022 annual impairment review as of October 1, 2022. The Company performed a qualitative assessment during the annual impairment review as of October 1, 2021, and concluded that it was not more likely than not that the fair value of the Company s reporting units were less than their carrying amount. goodwill impairment charges were recorded in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 The Company tests certain trade names that are determined to be indefinite-lived intangible assets by comparing the fair value of the trade names with their carrying value. The Company estimates the fair value by estimating the total revenue attributable to the trade names and applying market-derived royalty rates for guideline intangible assets, consistent with the initial valuation of the intangibles. impairment losses were recorded in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020 in relation to these intangible assets. 
 Intangible assets that are separable from goodwill and have determinable useful lives are valued separately and are amortized over the estimated period benefited, generally ranging from two to . Intangible assets related to parent relationships are amortized using an accelerated method over their useful lives. All other intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their useful lives. 
 
 million , million and million , respectively, on fixed assets and operating lease right-of-use assets for certain centers where the carrying amount exceeded the fair value. Refer to Note 14, Fair Value Measurements , for additional information. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 principal business models: (1) a cost-plus model, where the Company is paid a fee by an employer client for managing a child care center on a cost-plus basis, and (2) a profit and loss P L model, where the Company assumes the financial risk of operating a child care center and provides care on either an exclusive or priority enrollment basis to the employees of an employer sponsor, as well as to families in the surrounding community. In both the cost-plus and sponsor P L models, the employer sponsor retains responsibility for the development of a new child care center (which is generally owned or leased by the sponsor), as well as ongoing maintenance and repairs. In addition, employer sponsors typically provide subsidies for the ongoing provision of child care services to their employees. Under all model types, the Company retains responsibility for all aspects of operating the child care center, including the hiring, training, supervising and compensating employees, contracting with vendors, purchasing supplies, and collecting tuition and related accounts receivable. 
 Revenue generated from full service center-based child care services is primarily comprised of monthly tuition paid by parents. Tuition is determined based on the age and developmental level of the child, the child s attendance schedule, and geographic location of the facility. The full service child care offering provided to parents represents a series of distinct services that are substantially the same and have the same pattern of transfer to the customer over time, which transfers daily. The tuition paid by parents is recognized on a daily basis, but for convenience is recorded on a monthly basis. 
 The Company enters into contracts with employer sponsors to manage and operate their early education and child care centers for a management fee, or to provide child care services to their employees on an exclusive or priority basis. These arrangements generally have a contractual term of three to with varying terms and renewal and cancellation options, and may also include operating subsidies paid either in lieu of or to supplement parent tuition. The management fee included in contracts with employer sponsors is typically a monthly amount, and generally includes an annual escalator that is intended to reflect expected future cost increases. Annual escalators are generally stated as a percentage or as a reference to a consumer price index. The contracts also generally include a termination right with a notice period. The Company allocates revenue for contracts with an accounting term in excess of to the applicable contract year based on the rates applicable for that annual period, which is commensurate with the expected increases to the cost of providing the service, the Company s standard pricing practices, as well as the overall allocation objective described in the accounting guidance. Services provided to the employer sponsor represent a series of distinct services that are substantially the same and have the same pattern of transfer to the customer over time, which transfers daily. Fees paid by the employer sponsor are recognized on a daily basis, but for convenience are recorded on a monthly basis (i.e., the same monthly amount within the contract year using the time elapsed method). 
 Certain arrangements provide that the employer sponsor pay operating subsidies in lieu of, or to supplement, parent tuition. The employer subsidy for cost-plus managed centers, which consists of variable consideration, is typically calculated as the difference between parent tuition revenue and the operating costs for the center for each respective month and is recognized as revenue in the month the services are provided. The variable consideration relates specifically to efforts to transfer each distinct daily service and the allocation of the consideration earned to that distinct day in which those activities are performed is consistent with the overall allocation objective. 
 Back-Up Care Services 
 Back-up care services consist of center-based back-up child care, in-home child and adult/elder dependent care, school-age camps, virtual tutoring, pet care and self-sourced reimbursed care. The Company provides back-up care services through the Company s early education and child care centers, school-age camps and in-home care providers, as well as through the back-up care network and through other providers. Bright Horizons back-up care offers access to a contracted network of in-home service agencies and center-based providers in locations where the Company does not otherwise have in-home care providers or centers with available capacity, to a network of tutoring service providers and third-party pet care providers. Self-sourced reimbursed care is a reimbursement program available to employer sponsors when other care solutions are not available, to provide payments to their employees to assist with the cost of self-sourced dependent care. 
 Back-up care revenue is primarily comprised of fixed and variable consideration paid by employer sponsors, and, to a lesser extent, co-payments collected from users at the point of service. These arrangements generally have contractual terms of with varying terms and renewal and cancellation options. Fees for back-up care services are typically determined based on the number of back-up uses purchased, which may be fixed based on a specified number of uses or variable fees paid per use, and are generally billed monthly as services are rendered or in advance. Revenue for back-up care services is generally recognized over time as the services are performed and is recognized in the month the back-up services are provided. Allocation of the consideration earned as the service is performed is consistent with the overall allocation objective. Revenue for self-sourced reimbursed care and pet care is based on a fee earned for each transaction processed and is recorded on a net basis as the Company is acting as an agent, and is recognized in the month the transactions are processed. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 with varying terms and renewal and cancellation options. Fees for educational advisory services are determined based on the expected number of program participants and the services selected, and are generally billed in advance. Revenue for EdAssist is recognized on a straight-line basis using the time-elapsed method over the contract term with additional charges recognized in the month the additional services are provided consistent with the overall allocation objective. Additionally, revenue for tuition assistance and student loan repayments is based on a fee earned for each payment processed and is recorded on a net basis as the Company is acting as agent for the processing of the payment from clients to their employees, and is recognized in the month the payments are processed. Revenue for College Coach is recognized over the contract term as college advisory services are provided and customers receive the benefit. 
 Other services consist of the Sittercity business, an online marketplace for families and caregivers. Revenue is primarily generated from subscriptions, comprised of fixed fees for the subscription period and, to a lesser extent, variable transaction fees collected from users at the point of service. Subscription fees are recognized on a straight-line basis using the time-elapsed method over the contract term, and variable transaction fees earned are allocated to that distinct transaction consistent with the overall allocation objective. 
 Significant Judgments and Estimates 
 The Company generally does not have significant judgments or estimates that significantly affect the determination of the amount, the allocation of the transaction price to performance obligations, or timing of revenue from contracts with customers. The nature of the Company s services does not require significant judgment or estimates to determine when control transfers to the customer. Based on past practices and customer specific circumstances, the Company occasionally may grant concessions that impact the total transaction price. If the transaction price may be subject to adjustment, significant judgment may be required to ensure that it is probable that significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no material estimates related to the constraint of cumulative revenue recognized. 
 Deferred Revenue The Company s payment terms vary by the type of services offered. Tuition collected from parents is typically billed and collected monthly in advance. Fees collected from employer sponsors may be billed annually or quarterly in advance or may be billed monthly in arrears. The Company s standard payment terms generally align with the timing of the services performed and do not include a financing component. The Company records deferred revenue when payments are received in advance of the Company s performance under the contract, which is recognized as revenue as the performance obligation is satisfied. The Company has the unconditional right to consideration as it satisfies the performance obligations, therefore no contractual assets are recognized. 
 to years and many contain renewal options and/or termination provisions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no material finance leases. 
 At contract inception, the Company reviews the terms to determine if an arrangement is a lease. At lease commencement, the Company determines whether those lease obligations are operating or finance leases and lease liabilities are recognized on the consolidated balance sheet based on the present value of the unpaid lease payments. The present value of the unpaid lease payments is calculated using the Company s incremental borrowing rate. Lease commencement occurs on the date the Company takes possession or control of the property or equipment. Leases may contain fixed and variable payment arrangements. Variable lease payments may be based on an index or rate, such as consumer price indices, and include rent escalations or market adjustment provisions. Lease payments used to measure lease liabilities include fixed lease payments as well as variable payments that depend on an index or rate based on the applicable index or rate at the lease commencement date. Lease assets are initially measured as the amount of the initial lease liability, adjusted for initial direct costs, lease payments made at or before the commencement date, and reduced by lease incentives received, such as tenant improvement allowances. The Company does not include options to renew or terminate the lease in the determination of lease assets and lease liabilities until it is reasonably certain that the option will be exercised based on management s assessment of various relevant factors including economic, entity-specific, and market-based factors, among others. Lease expense for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Variable lease payments, including those related to changes in the commencement date index or rate, are expensed as incurred. Lease expense is recognized to cost of services and selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of income. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 The equity method investments are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet and, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the investment balance was million and million, respectively. The impact on the results of operations were immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the available-for-sale debt securities was million and was classified based on the instruments maturity dates, with million included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and million in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2021, the fair value of the available-for-sale debt securities was million, with million included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and million in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amortized cost was million and million, respectively. The debt securities held at December 31, 2022 had remaining maturities ranging from less than to approximately . Unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, and realized gains and losses, on available-for-sale debt securities were immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the equity investments were million and million, respectively, which were recorded in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recognized a million impairment loss on an equity investment. The impairment loss was included in cost of services on the consolidated statement of income, which was allocated to the back-up care segment. Refer to Note 14, Fair Value Measurements , for additional information. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

Government Support The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act ), the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 CAA ), and the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 were enacted in the United States on March 27, 2020, January 1, 2021, and March 11, 2021, respectively; all are economic aid packages to help mitigate the impact of the pandemic. Additionally, other foreign governmental legislation that provided relief provisions was enacted in response to the economic impact of COVID-19. The Company has participated in certain government support programs, including availing itself of certain tax deferrals, tax credits and federal block grant funding in the United States, as well as certain tax deferrals, tax credits, and employee wage support in the United Kingdom. On December 27, 2020, the employee retention tax credit, originally enacted under the CARES Act in the United States, was expanded and extended under the CAA to wages paid through the first two quarters of 2021, among other changes. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 million, million, and million, respectively, was recorded as a reduction to cost of services in relation to these benefits, of which million, million and million, respectively, reduced the operating subsidies paid by employers for the related child care centers. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022, amounts received for tuition support of million were recorded to revenue. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, was recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet for amounts due from government support programs, and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, was recorded to other current liabilities related to government support received related to future periods. As of December 31, 2021, payroll tax deferrals of million were recorded in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheet and, as of December 31, 2022, the Company did have any remaining payroll tax deferrals. 
 
 3. 
 International Year ended December 31, 2021 North America International Year ended December 31, 2020 North America International 
 The classification North America is comprised of the Company s United States, Canada and Puerto Rico operations and the classification International includes the Company s United Kingdom, Netherlands, Australia and India operations. Revenue in the United States was substantially all of the revenue in North America. Revenue in the United Kingdom was million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. Revenue associated with other countries was approximately less than 10 of total revenue. On July 1, 2022, the Company acquired Only About Children, an operator of approximately child care centers in Australia. Refer to Note 5, Acquisitions , for additional information. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company divested its child care center business in Canada and ceased to operate its centers in that geography. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 million, million and million was recognized as revenue related to the deferred revenue balance recorded at December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. There were no significant changes in deferred revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 related to business combinations, impairments, cumulative catch-up or other adjustments other than related to the opening balance sheet for the OAC acquisition. Refer to Note 5, Acquisitions , for additional information. 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 The Company does not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts with an original contract term of one year or less, or for variable consideration allocated to the unsatisfied performance obligation of a series of services. The transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations relates to services that are paid or invoiced in advance. The Company s remaining performance obligations not subject to the practical expedients were not material at December 31, 2022. 
 
 4. 
 Variable lease expense (1) 
 Total lease expense 
 (1) Excludes short-term lease expense and sublease income, which were immaterial for the periods presented. 
 Operating lease expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 includes impairment losses on operating lease right-of-use assets of million, million, and million, respectively. Refer to Note 14, Fair Value Measurements , for additional information. 
 Other Information 
 Weighted average discount rate 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) Present value of lease liabilities Less current portion of operating lease liabilities 
 ) Long-term operating lease liabilities 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had entered into additional operating leases that have not yet commenced with total fixed payment obligations of million. The leases are expected to commence in fiscal 2023 and have initial lease terms of approximately to years. 
 Lease Modifications 
 On April 10, 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued guidance for lease concessions provided to lessees in response to the effects of COVID-19. Such guidance allows lessees to make an election not to evaluate whether a lease concession provided by a lessor should be accounted for as a lease modification, in the event the concession does not result in a substantial increase in the rights of the lessor or the obligations of the lessee. Such concessions would be recorded as negative lease expense in the period of relief. The Company elected this practical expedient in accounting for lease concessions provided for the Company s center lease agreements and the impact was immaterial. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company's deferred lease payments were immaterial. 
 
 5. 
 early education and child care centers, for aggregate consideration of AUD million (USD million), which was accounted for as a business combination. The Company paid approximately AUD million (USD million), net of cash acquired and subject to customary purchase price adjustments, and will pay an additional USD million months after closing. In October 2022, the Company reached an agreement with the sellers on the final net working capital acquired, resulting in a refund of AUD million (USD million), which was received in the fourth quarter of 2022. The present value of the deferred consideration of USD million at the acquisition date is included in other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred acquisition-related transaction costs of approximately million, which are included in selling, general and administrative expenses. In addition, the Company recognized realized losses of million in relation to foreign currency forward contracts for the purchase of Australian dollars entered into in connection with the acquisition. Refer to Note 12, Credit Arrangements and Debt Obligations, for additional information on the foreign currency forward contracts. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Accounts receivable and prepaid expenses Fixed assets ) Goodwill Intangible assets ) Operating lease right of use assets ) Total assets acquired ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses Deferred revenue and parent deposits ) Deferred tax liabilities ) Operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities assumed ) Purchase price 
 The Company recorded goodwill of million related to the full service center-based child care segment, which will not be deductible for tax purposes. Intangible assets consist of customer relationships of million with a six year life and trade names of million with an eleven year life. 
 The determination and allocation of purchase price consideration is based on preliminary estimates of fair value; such estimates and assumptions are subject to change within the measurement period (up to one year from the acquisition date). As of December 31, 2022, the purchase price allocation for Only About Children remains open as the Company gathers additional information regarding the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed, primarily in relation to the valuation of intangibles, fixed assets, leases, contingencies, and the Company s assessment of tax related items. 
 The operating results for Only About Children are included in the consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition. Only About Children contributed total revenue of million during the year ended December 31, 2022. Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was not materially impacted by the acquisition of Only About Children. 
 
 Other than the impact of shifting the transaction costs incurred in 2022 to 2021, consolidated pro forma net income would not materially change from the reported results. In assessing the impact to the unaudited pro forma results we considered certain adjustments related to the acquisition, such as increased amortization expense related to the acquired intangible assets, adjusted depreciation associated with the fair value of the acquired fixed assets, and shifting of transaction costs. 
 Other 2022 Acquisitions 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company acquired center in the United States, center in the United Kingdom, and center in the Netherlands, in separate business acquisitions, which were each accounted for as a business combination. These businesses were acquired for aggregate cash consideration of million, net of cash acquired of million, and consideration payable of million. The Company recorded goodwill of million related to the full service center-based child care segment, of which million will be deductible for tax purposes. In addition, the Company recorded intangible assets of million that will be amortized over in relation to these acquisitions. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 from the acquisition date). As of December 31, 2022, the purchase price allocations for these acquisitions remain open as the Company gathers additional information regarding the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. The operating results for the acquired businesses are included in the consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition, and were not material to the Company s financial results. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid contingent consideration of million related to an acquisition completed in 2019 and contingent consideration of million related to an acquisition completed in 2021. Of the total amounts paid of million, million had been recorded as a liability at the date of acquisition and is presented as cash used in financing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows with remaining amounts reflected as cash used in operating activities. 
 2021 Acquisitions 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company acquired centers as well as a school-age camp provider in the United States, centers in the United Kingdom, and centers in the Netherlands, in separate business acquisitions, which were each accounted for as a business combination. These businesses were acquired for aggregate cash consideration of million, net of cash acquired of million, and consideration payable of million. Additionally, the Company is subject to contingent consideration payments for of these acquisitions, and recorded a preliminary fair value estimate of million in relation to these contingent consideration arrangements at acquisition. Contingent consideration of up to million may be payable within one year from the date of acquisition if certain performance targets are met for of the acquisitions, and contingent consideration is payable in 2026 based on certain financial metrics for the other acquisition. The Company recorded goodwill of million related to the full service center-based child care segment, of which million will be deductible for tax purposes, and million related to the back-up care segment, all of which will be deductible for tax purposes. In addition, the Company recorded intangible assets of million that will be amortized over , as well as fixed assets of million in relation to these acquisitions. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid million for contingent consideration related to acquisitions completed in 2021, which had been recorded as a liability at the date of acquisition. 
 2020 Acquisitions 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company acquired child care centers and the Sittercity business, an online marketplace for families and caregivers, in the United States, in separate business acquisitions, which were each accounted for as a business combination. These businesses were acquired for cash consideration of million, net of cash acquired of million, and consideration payable of million, and included fixed assets and technology of million, as well as a trade name of million that will be amortized over . The Company recorded goodwill of million related to the educational advisory and other services segment and million related to the full service center-based child care segment, all of which will be deductible for tax purposes. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company paid million for contingent consideration related to acquisitions completed in 2018 and 2019, which had been recorded as a liability at the date of acquisition. 
 
 6. 
 Additions from acquisitions 
 Adjustments to prior year acquisitions 
 Effect of foreign currency translation 
 ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Additions from acquisitions Adjustments to prior year acquisitions Effect of foreign currency translation ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 years ) Trade names years ) ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets: Trade names N/A ) 
 December 31, 2021: Weighted average amortization period Cost Accumulated amortization Net carrying amount (In thousands) Definite-lived intangible assets: Customer relationships years ) Trade names years ) ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets: Trade names N/A ) 
 The Company recorded amortization expense of million, million and million in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 7. 
 Investments in available-for-sale debt securities Prepaid software and licenses Prepaid income taxes Prepaid insurance Prepaid rent and other occupancy costs Other prepaid expenses and current assets 
 
 8. 
 - 
 Furniture, equipment and software - 
 Leasehold improvements Shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful life Land Total fixed assets Accumulated depreciation ) ) Fixed assets net 
 Fixed assets include construction in progress of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which was primarily comprised of leasehold improvements. The Company recorded depreciation expense of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 9. 
 Deferred compensation Prepaid workers compensation Restricted cash Investments in available-for-sale debt securities Equity-method investments Other assets 
 Restricted cash relates to letters of credit outstanding used to guarantee certain lease arrangements. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 10. 
 Accounts payable Accrued provider fees Accrued insurance liabilities Accrued occupancy costs Other accrued expenses 
 million were recorded in accrued payroll and employee benefits as of December 31, 2021. There were payroll taxes deferred pursuant to the provisions of the CARES Act as of December 31, 2022. Accrued insurance primarily consisted of reserves for claims associated with workers compensation and general liability. 
 
 11. 
 Customer amounts on deposit Liability for unvested restricted stock Other current liabilities 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had deferred consideration payable that was primarily related to the acquisition of Only About Children. The acquisition was completed on July 1, 2022 and million of the consideration is payable months after closing, which had a present value of million at the acquisition date. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had contingent consideration that was primarily related to an acquisition in the United Kingdom completed in 2019. Refer to Note 5, Acquisitions , for additional information. 
 
 12. 
 million term loan B facility term loan B and a million term loan A facility term loan A ), collectively the term loan facilities or term loans, as well as a million multi-currency revolving credit facility revolving credit facility ). 
 Term loan A Deferred financing costs and original issue discount ) ) Total debt Less current maturities ) ) Long-term debt 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 million and a new term loan A facility of million, collectively the term loan facilities or term loans. Proceeds of billion from the new term loans, together with cash on hand, were used to repay billion in outstanding term loans and related fees and expenses. The terms of the existing million multi-currency revolving credit facility revolving credit facility were not modified in the November 2021 amendment. The repayment of the existing term loan was treated as a debt extinguishment. In conjunction with the issuance of the new term loans, the Company incurred million in fees that have been recorded as a reduction to long term debt and are amortized over the terms of the related debt instruments. A loss on the extinguishment of the existing term loan of million was recorded in the year ended December 31, 2021, related to the unamortized original issue cost and deferred financing fees that were written off in connection with the November 2021 debt refinancing. 
 On December 21, 2022, the Company amended its existing senior secured credit facilities to replace the LIBOR-based benchmark rate with a term SOFR benchmark rate, which did not alter the applicable interest rates held in effect prior to the change. The amendment was treated as a modification and the related transaction costs were expensed as incurred. 
 All borrowings under the credit agreement are subject to variable interest. The effective interest rate for the term loans was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and the weighted average interest rate was , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, prior to the effects of any interest rate hedge arrangements. The effective interest rate for the revolving credit facility was at December 31, 2022 and the weighted average interest rate for the revolving credit facility was , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Term Loan B Facility 
 The term loan B matures on November 23, 2028 and requires quarterly principal payments equal to per annum of the original aggregate principal amount of the term loan B, with the remaining principal balance due at maturity. Borrowings under the term loan B facility bear interest at a rate per annum of over the base rate, or over the adjusted term SOFR rate. The base rate is subject to an interest rate floor of and the adjusted term SOFR rate is subject to an interest rate floor of . 
 Term Loan A Facility 
 The term loan A matures on November 23, 2026 and requires quarterly principal payments equal to per annum of the original aggregate principal amount of the term loan A in each of the first three years, in the fourth year, and in the fifth year. The remaining principal balance is due at maturity. Borrowings under the term loan A facility bear interest at a rate per annum ranging from to over the base rate, or to over the adjusted term SOFR rate. The base rate is subject to an interest rate floor of and the adjusted term SOFR rate is subject to an interest rate floor of . 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 The million multi-currency revolving credit facility matures on May 26, 2026. Borrowings outstanding on the revolving credit facility were million and letters of credit outstanding were million at December 31, 2022, with million available for borrowing. There were borrowings outstanding on the revolving credit facility at December 31, 2021, with the full facility available for borrowing. 
 On May 26, 2021, the Company amended its existing senior secured credit facilities to, among other changes, extend the revolving credit facility maturity date from July 31, 2022 to May 26, 2026, and reduce the interest rates applicable to borrowings outstanding on the revolving credit facility. In conjunction with this credit amendment, the Company incurred million in fees that have been capitalized in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet and are amortized over the contractual life of the revolving credit facility. 
 Borrowings under the revolving credit facility bear interest at a rate per annum ranging from to over the base rate, or to over the adjusted term SOFR rate. The base rate is subject to an interest rate floor of and the adjusted term SOFR rate is subject to an interest rate floor of . 
 Debt Covenants 
 All obligations under the senior secured credit facilities are secured by substantially all the assets of the Company s material U.S. subsidiaries. The senior secured credit facilities contain a number of covenants that, among other things and subject to certain exceptions, may restrict the ability of Bright Horizons Family Solutions LLC, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, and its restricted subsidiaries, to: incur liens; make investments, loans, advances and acquisitions; incur additional indebtedness or guarantees; pay dividends on capital stock or redeem, repurchase or retire capital stock or subordinated indebtedness; engage in transactions with affiliates; sell assets, including capital stock of the Company s subsidiaries; alter the business conducted; enter into agreements restricting the Company s subsidiaries ability to pay dividends; and consolidate or merge. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 to 1.00. A breach of the applicable covenant is subject to certain equity cure rights. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future principal payments 
 Derivative Financial Instruments 
 The Company is subject to interest rate risk as all borrowings under the senior secured credit facilities are subject to variable interest rates. The Company's risk management policy permits using derivative instruments to manage interest rate and other risks. The Company uses interest rate swaps and caps to manage a portion of the risk related to changes in cash flows from interest rate movements. On December 21, 2022, the Company amended its existing interest rate cap agreements in conjunction with the amendment to its senior secured credit facilities, and replaced the one-month LIBOR rate with the one-month term SOFR rate. In conjunction with this amendment, and in accordance with the expedients in ASU 2020-04 and 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848), the Company elected to apply the relief offered related to the change in reference rates, thereby not requiring dedesignation of the related cash flow hedging relationships. 
 In June 2020, the Company entered into interest rate cap agreements with a total notional value of million, designated and accounted for as cash flow hedges from inception, to provide the Company with interest rate protection in the event the one-month LIBOR rate increases above (effective December 30, 2022, one-month term SOFR rate increases above ). Interest rate cap agreements for million notional value have an effective date of June 30, 2020 and expire on October 31, 2023, while interest rate cap agreements for another million notional amount have an effective date of October 29, 2021 and expire on October 31, 2023. 
 In December 2021, the Company entered into additional interest rate cap agreements with a total notional value of million designated and accounted for as cash flow hedges from inception. Interest rate cap agreements for million, which have a forward starting effective date of October 31, 2023 and expire on October 31, 2025, provide the Company with interest rate protection in the event the one-month LIBOR rate increases above (effective December 30, 2022, one-month term SOFR rate increases above ). Interest rate cap agreements for million, which have a forward starting effective date of October 31, 2023 and expire on October 31, 2026, provide the Company with interest rate protection in the event the one-month LIBOR rate increases above (effective December 30, 2022, one-month term SOFR rate increases above ). 
 In October 2017, the Company entered into variable-to-fixed interest rate swap agreements on million notional amount of the outstanding term loan borrowings. These swap agreements, designated and accounted for as cash flow hedges from inception, matured on October 31, 2021. The Company was required to make monthly payments on the notional amount at a fixed average interest rate, plus the applicable rate for eurocurrency loans. Effective as of May 31, 2018, the notional amount was subject to a total interest rate of approximately . In exchange, the Company received interest on the notional amount at a variable rate based on the one-month LIBOR rate, subject to a floor. 
 The interest rate swaps and interest rate caps are recorded on the Company s consolidated balance sheet at fair value and classified based on the instruments maturity dates. The Company records gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps and interest rate caps to accumulated other comprehensive income or loss, inclusive of the related income tax effects. These gains and losses are subsequently reclassified into earnings and recognized to interest expense in the Company s consolidated statement of income in the period that the hedged interest expense on the term loan facilities is recognized. The premium paid for each interest rate cap agreement was recorded as an asset and will be allocated to each of the individual hedged interest payments on the basis of their relative fair values. The change in each respective allocated fair value amount will be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income when each of the hedged forecasted transactions impacts earnings and recognized to interest expense in the Company s consolidated statement of income. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 million, which included the expected payments for the purchase price and for letters of credit used to guarantee certain lease arrangements. The cash flows associated with the business combination do not meet the criteria to be designated and accounted for as a cash flow hedge and, as such, foreign currency gains and losses on these forwards are recorded on the consolidated statement of income. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized realized losses of million in relation to these forwards due to fluctuations in the Australian dollar. 
 Interest rate caps - asset Other assets 
 Interest expense net Income tax effect ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Net of income taxes Year ended December 31, 2021 Cash flow hedges Interest expense net ) Income tax effect ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) Net of income taxes ) Year ended December 31, 2020 Cash flow hedges ) Interest expense net ) ) Income tax effect Income tax benefit (expense) Net of income taxes ) ) ) 
 During the next twelve months, the Company estimates that a net gain of million, pre-tax, will be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income and recorded to interest expense related to these derivative financial instruments. 
 
 13. 
 Foreign ) ) ) 
 The allocation of income before income taxes may fluctuate year to year due to activity within the Bright Horizons consolidated group. Included in the U.S. and foreign income (loss) before income taxes is intercompany interest. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 ) State Foreign ) Deferred tax benefit: Federal ) ) ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) 
 In 2020, the CARES Act provided a technical correction regarding Qualified Improvement Property QIP and the election to take bonus depreciation on such property. This correction allowed taxpayers to retroactively accelerate depreciation on QIP. The Federal current and deferred benefit for 2020 included the impact of a million acceleration of the tax deduction for depreciation related to 2019 additions. 
 State income tax expense (benefit) net of federal income tax ) Valuation allowance net ) Tax credits ) ) ) Permanent differences and other net ) Change in contingent consideration Stock-based compensation ) ) ) Change in income tax rate ) Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income ) Change to uncertain tax positions net ) ) Foreign rate differential ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) 
 On December 22, 2017, the U.S. federal government enacted comprehensive tax legislation with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act Tax Act that made changes to the U.S. tax code impacting the year ended December 31, 2017 and future years. The Tax Act introduced the Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income GILTI regime. The taxes on GILTI are accounted for as period costs when incurred. Updated GILTI regulations were released by the U.S. Treasury in July 2020 allowing retroactive annual elections to exclude GILTI that is subject to an effective foreign income tax rate exceeding ninety percent of the maximum U.S. corporate tax rate. 
 The effective income tax rate for 2022 was . Based on the Company s jurisdictional mix of taxable income, there was additional federal income tax expense attributable to GILTI for 2022. In 2022, income tax expense was reduced by million, net with a million tax benefit in state income tax, for the net excess tax benefit associated with the exercise or expiration of stock options and vesting of restricted stock. 
 The effective income tax rate for 2021 was . Based on the Company's jurisdictional mix of taxable income, there was additional federal income tax expense attributable to GILTI for 2021. Income tax expense was reduced by million in 2021 for the excess tax benefits associated with the exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock . 
 76 

Table of Contents , and includes current tax benefit of million related to prior years and a million retroactive reduction of GILTI for taxable years 2018 and 2019 for the high-tax exclusion that was included in the updated GILTI regulations. Based on the Company's jurisdiction mix of taxable income, there was additional federal income tax expense attributable to GILTI for 2020. Income tax expense was reduced by million in 2020 for the excess tax benefits associated with the exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock. 
 Net operating/capital loss carryforwards Liabilities not yet deductible Deferred revenue Stock-based compensation Operating lease liabilities Other Deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Total net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Intangible assets ) ) Hedge/swap liability ) Depreciation ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 At December 31, 2021, the net deferred tax liability of million includes foreign deferred tax assets of million, which are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company has foreign net operating loss carryforwards of million, all of which has a valuation allowance offsetting the related deferred tax asset. These net operating losses can be carried forward indefinitely. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded additional valuation allowance of million on foreign deferred tax assets, with million recorded as part of acquisition accounting. The Company assesses available positive and negative evidence to estimate if there is sufficient future taxable income (inclusive of reversing temporary differences) to recover the existing deferred tax assets. Based on the weight of evidence, the Company determined that it was more likely than not that a portion of the deferred tax assets would not be realized. A million valuation allowance remains on U.S. deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company released a valuation allowance on million on foreign deferred tax assets. A million valuation allowance remained on U.S. deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2021. 
 The Company considers the earnings of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries to be indefinitely invested outside the United States on the basis of estimates that future domestic cash generation will be sufficient to meet future domestic cash needs and the Company s specific plans for reinvestment of those subsidiary earnings. The Company has not recorded a deferred tax liability of approximately million related to the state taxes and foreign withholding taxes on approximately million of cumulative undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries indefinitely invested outside the United States. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Additions for tax positions of prior years Settlements ) ) Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) Lapses of statutes of limitations ) ) ) Effect of foreign currency adjustments ) Ending balance 
 The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense, which were immaterial for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Total interest and penalties accrued as of December 31, 2022 was million. In 2022, the Company reduced unrecognized tax benefits by million for lapse of statute of limitations, and million for settlements with certain states. In 2021, the Company recorded an unrecognized tax benefit of million and reduced unrecognized tax benefits by million for lapse of statute of limitations, and million for settlements with certain states. In 2020, the Company reduced unrecognized tax benefits by million for lapse of statute of limitations, and recorded an unrecognized tax benefit for prior year tax positions in the U.S. 
 The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that if recognized would affect the Company s effective tax rate is million, inclusive of interest. The unrecognized tax benefits are not expected to change over the next 12 months. 
 The Company and its domestic subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as multiple state jurisdictions. U.S. federal income tax returns are typically subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and the statute of limitations for federal income tax returns is three years. The Company s filings for the tax years 2019 through 2021 are subject to audit based upon the federal statute of limitations. 
 State income tax returns are generally subject to examination for a period of three to four years after filing of the respective return. The state impact of any federal changes remains subject to examination by various states for a period of up to one year after formal notification to the states. As of December 31, 2022, there was income tax audit in process and the tax years from 2018 to 2021 are subject to audit. 
 The Company is also subject to corporate income tax at its subsidiaries located in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Australia, India and Puerto Rico. The tax returns for the Company s subsidiaries located in foreign jurisdictions are subject to examination for periods ranging from one to five years. 
 
 14. 
 The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, and accounts payable and accrued expenses approximates their fair value because of their short-term nature. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 million, of which million was recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets and million was recorded in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2021, the fair value of the interest rate cap agreements was million and was recorded in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized realized losses of million in relation to these forwards due to fluctuations in the Australian dollar. Refer to Note 12, Credit Arrangements and Debt Obligations , for additional information on the foreign currency forward contracts. 
 Debt Securities The Company s investments in debt securities, which are classified as available-for-sale, consist of U.S. Treasury and U.S. government agency securities and certificates of deposits. These securities are held in escrow by the Company s wholly-owned captive insurance company and were purchased with restricted cash. As such, these securities are not available to fund the Company s operations. These securities are recorded at fair value using quoted prices available in active markets and are classified as Level 1. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the available-for-sale debt securities was million and was classified based on the instruments maturity dates, with million included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and million in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2021, the fair value of the available-for-sale debt securities was million, with million included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and million in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 Liabilities for Contingent Consideration The Company is subject to contingent consideration arrangements in connection with certain business combinations. Liabilities for contingent consideration are measured at fair value each reporting period, with the acquisition-date fair value included as part of the consideration payable for the related business combination and subsequent changes in fair value recorded to selling, general and administrative expenses on the Company s consolidated statement of income. The fair value of contingent consideration was generally calculated using customary valuation models based on probability-weighted outcomes of meeting certain future performance targets and forecasted results. The key inputs to the valuations are the projections of future financial results in relation to the business and the company-specific discount rates. The Company classified the contingent consideration liabilities as a Level 3 fair value measurement due to the lack of observable inputs used in the model. During the year ended December 31, 2022, contingent consideration liabilities of million were paid related to acquisitions completed in 2019 and 2021. The contingent consideration liabilities outstanding as of December 31, 2022 related to acquisitions that occurred in 2021. The contingent consideration liabilities outstanding as of December 31, 2021 related to acquisitions that occurred in 2019 and 2021. Refer to Note 5, Acquisitions , for additional information. 
 Contingent consideration issued for acquisitions Settlements of contingent consideration liabilities ) ) Changes in fair value Foreign currency translation ) ) Ending balance 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 million , of which million related to fixed assets and million related to operating lease right-of-use assets. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized impairment losses of million , of which million related to fixed assets and million related to operating lease right-of-use assets. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recognized impairment losses of million , of which million related to fixed assets and million related to operating lease right-of-use assets. The impairment losses were included in cost of services on the consolidated statement of income and were allocated to the full service center-based child care segment. The estimated fair value of the applicable center long-lived assets was based on the fair value of the asset groups, calculated using a discounted cash flow model, with unobservable inputs. The fair value of the fixed assets was insignificant given the current and expected cash flows for the related centers and the valuation of the lease right-of-use-assets considered the amount a market participant would pay for use of the asset. The Company classified the center long-lived assets as a Level 3 fair value measurement due to the lack of observable inputs used in the model. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recognized a million impairment loss on an equity investment. The impairment loss was included in cost of services on the consolidated statement of income, which has been allocated to the back-up care segment. The estimated fair value of the equity investment was based on a qualitative assessment that considered the current economic environment, business prospects and transaction information in the entity s securities, among other factors considered. The Company classified the equity investment as a Level 3 fair value measurement due to the lack of observable inputs. 
 
 15. 
 million shares of authorized undesignated preferred stock available for issuance, of which have been issued. The Company s board of directors has the authority, without further action by stockholders, to issue up to million shares of preferred stock in one or more series. The Company s board of directors may designate the rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions of the preferred stock, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preference, and number of shares constituting any series or the designation of any series. The issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of restricting dividends on the Company s common stock, diluting the voting power of its common stock, impairing the liquidation rights of its common stock, or delaying or preventing a change in control. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, shares of preferred stock were outstanding. 
 Issuance of Stock 
 On April 21, 2020, the Company completed the issuance and sale of shares of common stock, par value per share, to Durable Capital Master Fund LP at a price of per share. The Company subsequently filed a registration statement to register the resale of these shares in accordance with the terms of the purchase agreement. The Company received net proceeds from the offering of million. 
 Treasury Stock 
 The board of directors of the Company authorized a share repurchase program of up to million of the Company s outstanding common stock, effective December 16, 2021. The share repurchase program has no expiration date and replaced the prior June 2018 authorization, of which million remained available thereunder. The shares may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions at prevailing market prices, in privately negotiated transactions, under Rule 10b5-1 plans, or by other means in accordance with federal securities laws. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased million shares for million. At December 31, 2022, million remained available under the repurchase program. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased million shares for million. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company repurchased million shares for million. 
 Equity Incentive Plan 
 The Company s 2012 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated (the Plan ), allows for the issuance of equity awards of up to million shares of common stock. The Plan s original authorization of million shares was increased in 2019 by million shares as approved by the Company s stockholders on May 29, 2019. As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately million shares of common stock available for grant. The equity awards that have been granted under the Plan consist of time-based stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, and performance restricted stock units, which are described below. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 million, million, and million, respectively. Stock-based compensation expense of million, million, and million was recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and million, million, and million was recorded in cost of services, respectively, in the consolidated statement of income in relation to all awards granted under the equity incentive plans. Stock-based compensation expense generated a deferred income tax benefit of million, million, and million in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The net income tax benefits realized from the exercise or expiration of stock options and vesting of restricted stock in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively, inclusive of net excess tax benefits realized of million, million, and million in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested share-based compensation arrangements granted under the Plan. That expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted average remaining requisite service period of approximately . Estimated forfeitures are based on the Company s historical forfeitures and is adjusted periodically based on actual results. There were share-based awards classified as a liability during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Stock Options 
 Stock options granted under the Plan are subject to a service condition and expire in from date of grant or upon termination of the holder s employment with the Company, unless such termination was due to death, disability or retirement, or unless otherwise determined by the administrator of the Plan. Stock options are granted with an exercise price equal to the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant, generally have a requisite service period of , and are subject to graded vesting throughout the service term. 
 Stock-based compensation expense for stock options is based on the fair value of the award on the date of grant. Expected stock price volatility Risk free interest rate Expected life of options (years) Weighted average fair value per share of options granted during the period 
 The expected dividend yield was based on the Company s expectation of not paying dividends in the foreseeable future. The expected stock price volatility assumption was determined using the historical volatility of the Company s stock price over a term equal to the expected life of the options. The risk free interest rate was based on the U.S. Treasury rates for U.S. Treasury zero-coupon bonds with maturities similar to those of the expected term of the awards being valued. For grants issued during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the expected life of the options was based on historical exercise behavior for similar awards, giving consideration to the contractual terms, vesting schedules, and expectations of future employee behavior. For grants issued during the year ended December 31, 2020, the expected life of the options was calculated using the simplified method. We utilized the simplified method because the Company did not have sufficient historical exercise data over the life of awards to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited/Expired ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 
 The fair value (pre-tax) of options that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. The intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. Cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, and Performance Restricted Stock Units 
 Restricted stock awards are granted to certain senior managers at the discretion of the board of directors as allowed under the Plan. Restricted stock awards generally vest on the earliest of the third anniversary of the grant date, a change in control of the Company, or the termination of employment by reason of death or disability, and are accounted for as non-vested stock. Restricted stock is generally sold for a price equal to of the fair value of the Company s common stock at the date of grant. Proceeds from the issuance of restricted stock are recorded as other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet until the earlier of vesting or forfeiture of the awards. The unvested shares of restricted stock participate equally in dividends with common stock. Restricted stock is considered legally issued at the date of grant, but is not considered common stock issued and outstanding in accordance with accounting guidance until the requisite service period is fulfilled. All outstanding shares of restricted stock are expected to vest. Cash proceeds from the issuance of restricted stock for the year ended December 31, 2022 were million, and for each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were million. 
 Stock-based compensation expense for restricted stock awards is based on the intrinsic value of the award on the date of grant. 
 Granted Vested ) Non-vested restricted stock shares at December 31, 2022 
 The fair value of restricted shares vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. The weighted average grant date fair value of restricted shares granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , , and , respectively. 
 Restricted stock units are awarded to certain employees as allowed under the Plan and vest within after the date of the award. The awards allow for the issuance of a share of the Company s common stock for each unit upon vesting. Restricted stock units awarded to members of the board of directors as allowed under the Plan and are vested upon award. The awards allow for the issuance of a share of the Company s common stock for each unit upon the earliest of termination of service as a member of the board of directors or after the date of the award. The fair value of restricted stock unit awards is the closing market price of the Company s common stock at the date of grant. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Converted ) Forfeited ) Restricted stock units at December 31, 2022 
 The weighted average grant date fair value of restricted stock units granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , , and , respectively. 
 Performance restricted stock units are awarded to certain employees as allowed under the Plan and vest upon certain performance conditions being met. The awards allow for the issuance of a share of the Company s common stock for each unit upon the achievement of stated performance goals, which are generally within from the date of the award. The fair value of performance restricted stock unit awards is the closing market price of the Company s common stock at the date of grant. 
 Forfeited ) Performance restricted stock units at December 31, 2022 
 There were performance restricted stock units granted during the year ended December 31, 2022. The weighted average grant date fair value of performance restricted stock units granted during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the performance restricted stock units were not deemed probable of vesting. 
 
 16. 
 Allocation of net income to common stockholders: Common stock Unvested participating shares Net income Weighted average common shares outstanding: Common stock Unvested participating shares Earnings per common share: Common stock 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Plus: earnings allocated to unvested participating shares Less: adjusted earnings allocated to unvested participating shares ) ) ) Earnings allocated to common stock Weighted average common shares outstanding: Common stock Effect of dilutive securities Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted Earnings per common share: Common stock 
 Options outstanding to purchase million shares of common stock were excluded from diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022, and million shares of common stock were excluded from diluted earnings per share for both the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, since their effect was anti-dilutive. These options may become dilutive in the future. 
 
 17.) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications net of tax ) ) ) Less: amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) net of tax ) ) Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications net of tax ) ) ) Less: amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income net of tax ) Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 (1) Taxes are not provided for the currency translation adjustments related to the undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries that are intended to be indefinitely reinvested. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 18. 
 Income from operations (1) 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 Revenue Income (loss) from operations (2) 
 ) Year ended December 31, 2020 Revenue Income (loss) from operations (3) 
 ) 
 (1) For the year ended December 31, 2022, income from operations for the full service center-based child care segment included million of impairment losses related to fixed assets and operating lease right-of-use assets, million of transaction costs related to acquisitions, and million of costs incurred in relation to a cyber incident. Refer to Note 14, Fair Value Measurements , for additional information on impairment losses. 
 (2) For the year ended December 31, 2021, loss from operations for the full service center-based child care segment included million of impairment losses related to fixed assets and operating lease right-of-use assets, and million of transaction costs related to acquisitions. Refer to Note 14, Fair Value Measurements , for additional information on impairment losses. 
 (3) For the year ended December 31, 2020, loss from operations for the full service center-based child care segment included million of impairment losses related to fixed assets and operating lease right-of-use assets, and income from operations for the back-up care segment included million of impairment losses related to an equity investment. Additionally, loss from operations in the full service center-based child care segment included million in costs primarily associated with the closure of centers, including related severance and facilities costs. Refer to Note 14, Fair Value Measurements , for additional information on impairment losses. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 International Total fixed assets 
 The classification North America is comprised of the Company s United States, Canada and Puerto Rico operations and the classification International includes the Company s United Kingdom, Netherlands, Australia and India operations. On July 1, 2022, the Company acquired Only About Children, an operator of approximately child care centers in Australia. Refer to Note 5, Acquisitions , for additional information. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company divested its child care center business and ceased to operate its centers in Canada. Fixed assets in the United States were substantially all of the fixed assets in North America, and fixed assets in the United Kingdom were million, million, and million at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Fixed assets associated with other countries were less than 10 of total fixed assets. 
 
 19. 
 years of age and have completed their eligibility period of days of service from date of hire. The 401(k) Plan is funded by elective employee contributions of up to of their compensation, subject to certain limitations. Under the 401(k) Plan, the Company matches of employee contributions for each participant up to of the employee s compensation after one year of service. Expense under the 401(k) Plan, consisting of Company contributions and plan administrative expenses paid by the Company, totaled approximately million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company maintains other defined contribution and defined benefit pension plans that cover eligible employees in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands and Australia. These plans are generally funded by employee and employer contributions. Expense under these plans, including employer contributions, totaled approximately million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company maintains a Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Plan (the NQDC Plan for eligible employees. Eligible employees are employees who have capped contribution levels in the existing 401(k) Plan due to the thresholds dictated by the IRS definition of highly compensated employees, as well as other employees at the Company s discretion. The NQDC Plan is funded by elective employee contributions of up to of their base compensation and up to of other forms of compensation, as defined. Under the NQDC Plan, the Company matches of employee contributions for each participant up to . The Company holds investments in company-owned life insurance policies to offset the Company s liabilities under the NQDC Plan. Total investments included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and in other assets in the consolidated balance sheet were million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022. NQDC Plan liabilities, included in other current and long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet, were million and million at December 31, 2022, respectively. At December 31, 2021, total investments included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and in other assets in the consolidated balance sheet were million, and million. respectively. NQDC Plan liabilities, included in other current and long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet, were million and million at December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 20. 
 letters of credit outstanding used to guarantee certain rent payments for up to million. These letters of credit are secured by cash deposits included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheet. Additionally, letters of credit of million reduce availability in the revolving credit facility. amounts have been drawn against these letters of credit. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are intended to ensure that information that would be required to be disclosed in Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision, and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, such disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process, designed by, or under the supervision of the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and disposition of assets; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures are made only in accordance with management and board authorizations; and providing reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 Management, with the participation of the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. This evaluation included review of the documentation of controls, evaluation of the design effectiveness of controls, testing of the operating effectiveness of controls and a conclusion on this evaluation. Consistent with published SEC guidance, management excluded from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting Only About Children, which was acquired on July 1, 2022, whose assets and revenue constituted 5.0 and 3.5 , respectively, of the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Based on the foregoing, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their attestation report, which follows below. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 28, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 As described in Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management excluded from its assessment the internal control over financial reporting at Only About Children, which was acquired on July 1, 2022, and whose assets and revenue constitute 5.0 and 3.5 , respectively, of the consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Accordingly, our audit did not include the internal control over financial reporting at Only About Children. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Information regarding our executive officers is set forth at the end of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption Information about our Executive Officers. The remaining information required by this item will be contained in our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed no later than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Except for information regarding securities authorized under our equity compensation plans as set forth in Item 5 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption Equity Compensation Plans , the information required by this item will be contained in our Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item will be contained in our Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item will be contained in our Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item will be contained in our Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 1. Financial statements: All financial statements are included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 2. Financial statement schedules: All other financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not required or are not applicable, or the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements or notes described in Item 15(a)(1) above. 
 3. Exhibits: The following is an index of the exhibits included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference. 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Title 3.1 Form of Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-184579, filed October 24, 2012) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-K, File No. 001-35780, filed March 15, 2017) 
 4.1 Description of Registrant's Securities registered pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, File No. 001-35780, filed March 1, 2021) 
 10.1.1 Credit Agreement, as amended and restated as of November 7, 2016, by and among Bright Horizons Family Solutions LLC, Bright Horizons Capital Corp., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., the Lenders and other parties thereto, as previously named (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3(2) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 1, 2017) 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit Title 10.1.2 Amendment Agreement, dated as of November 23, 2021, including the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, by and among Bright Horizons Family Solutions LLC, Bright Horizons Capital Corp., certain other subsidiaries of the Borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer, Bank of America, N.A., as the 2021 Term B Lender, and the other Lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 24, 2021) 
 10.1.3 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated December 21, 2022, by and among Bright Horizons Family Solutions LLC, Bright Horizons Capital Corp., certain other subsidiaries of the Borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer, Bank of America, N.A., as the 2021 Term B Lender, and the other Lenders party thereto 
 10.2 Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. Annual Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 27, 2020) 
 10.3 Form of Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement (Directors) under 2012 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6(1) to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-184579, filed November 9, 2012) 
 10.4 Form of Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement (Employees) under 2012 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6(2) to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-184579, filed November 9, 2012) 
 10.5 Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. 2012 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated Effective as of June 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 7, 2017) 
 10.6 Amended and Restated Severance Agreement between Bright Horizons Family Solutions LLC and Elizabeth Boland (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-184579, filed October 24, 2012) 
 10.7 Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-184579, filed October 24, 2012) 
 10.8 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 2, 2015) 
 10.9 Amended and Restated Severance Agreement between Bright Horizons Family Solutions LLC and Mary Lou Burke (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 1, 2017) 
 10.10 2012 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated effective as of May 29, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 30, 2019) 
 10.11 Sub-Plan for U.K. Employees under 2012 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 9, 2019) 
 10.12 Form of Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement (Employees) under the 2012 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated as of May 29, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 30, 2019) 
 10.13 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (Employees) under the 2012 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated as of May 29, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 30, 2019) 
 10.14 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Directors) under the 2012 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated as of May 29, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 30, 2019) 
 10.15 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under 2012 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 2, 2015) 
 10.16 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Directors) under 2012 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 2, 2015) 
 10.17 Amended and Restated Severance Agreement between Bright Horizons Family Solutions LLC and Stephen Kramer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 2, 2015) 
 10.18 Bright Horizons Family Solutions Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 2, 2015) 
 10.19 Form of Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement (Employees) under the 2012 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated as of June 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 7, 2017) 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit Title 10.20 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Directors) under the 2012 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated as of June 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 7, 2017) 
 10.21 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the 2012 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated as of June 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 7, 2017) 
 10.22 Amended and Restated Severance Agreement between Bright Horizons Family Solutions LLC and John Casagrande (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 27, 2020) 
 10.23 Consulting Agreement between Bright Horizons Family Solutions LLC and Maribeth Bearfiel d, dated as of March 31, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 6, 2022) 
 10.24 Amended and Restated Service Agreement between Bright Horizons Family Solutions Limited and Rosamund Marshall, dated as July 1, 2022 
 10.25 Severance Agreement between Bright Horizons Family Solutions LLC and Mandy Berman, dated as of February 21, 2023 
 10.26 Share Sale Agreement, by and among Nemo (BC) Cayman, LP , BlueTang OpCo Pty Lt d and Bright Horizons Family Solution s LLC, date d May 3, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 5, 2022) (1) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Deloitte Touche LLP 
 31.1 Principal Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Principal Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Principal Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Principal Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101) Exhibits filed herewith. Exhibits furnished herewith. Management contract or compensatory plan. (1) Schedules (or similar attachments) have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any of the omitted schedules (or similar attachments) upon request by the SEC. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: February 28, 2023 Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. By: /s/ Stephen H. Kramer Name: Stephen H. Kramer Title: Chief Executive Officer and President 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Stephen H. Kramer Director, Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) February 28, 2023 Stephen H. Kramer /s/ Elizabeth Boland Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 28, 2023 Elizabeth Boland /s/ Jason Janoff Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) February 28, 2023 Jason Janoff /s/ David Lissy Director, Chair February 28, 2023 David Lissy /s/ Lawrence Alleva Director February 28, 2023 Lawrence Alleva /s/ Julie Atkinson Director February 28, 2023 Julie Atkinson /s/ Joshua Bekenstein Director February 28, 2023 Joshua Bekenstein /s/ Jordan Hitch Director February 28, 2023 Jordan Hitch /s/ Sara Lawrence-Lightfoot Director February 28, 2023 Sara Lawrence-Lightfoot /s/ Cathy E. Minehan Director February 28, 2023 Cathy E. Minehan /s/ Laurel Richie Director February 28, 2023 Laurel Richie /s/ Mary Ann Tocio Director February 28, 2023 Mary Ann Tocio 
 93 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex1013202210k.htm
 EX-10.1.3

Document 
 Exhibit 10.1.3 
 EXECUTION VERSION 

 FIRST AMENDMENT TO 
 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of December 21, 2022 (this Amendment ), is entered into by and among BRIGHT HORIZONS FAMILY SOLUTIONS LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), BRIGHT HORIZONS CAPITAL CORP., a Delaware corporation Holdings ), the Loan Parties who have delivered signature pages hereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. JPMCB ), as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent and L C Issuer and the Lenders party hereto, and amends the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 23, 2021, by and among the Borrower, Holdings, JPMCB, as Administrative Agent and L C Issuer, the lenders party thereto and the other parties party thereto from time to time (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement , and, as further amended by this Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement ). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Amendment have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS, a Benchmark Transition Event with respect to the LIBO Rate has occurred, and the Administrative Agent and the Borrower desire to jointly elect to trigger a fallback from the LIBO Rate, all as contemplated by the definition of the term Early Opt-in Election set forth in the Existing Credit Agreement and as set forth herein 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Existing Credit Agreement, a Benchmark Replacement Date shall occur with respect to such Early Opt-in Election on the sixth Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 3.03(b) of the Existing Credit Agreement, upon the occurrence of an Early Opt-In Election and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, the Benchmark Replacement set forth herein will replace the LIBO Rate for all purposes under the Existing Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 3.03(d) of the Existing Credit Agreement, in connection with the implementation of such Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent has the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower desires to (a) increase the Letter of Credit Sublimit from 10,000,000 to 30,000,000 and (b) add Australian Dollars (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) as an Alternative Currency 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 10.01(g) of the Existing Credit Agreement, an amendment which directly affects the Lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility and does not directly affect Lenders under any other Facility requires the written consent of the Required Revolving Lenders but does not require the consent of any Lenders other than the Required Revolving Lenders and 
 WHEREAS, the Issuing Bank and each Revolving Lender that has delivered a signature page hereto is willing to consent to the Letter of Credit Sublimit increase and the addition of Australian Dollars as an Alternative Currency, in each case on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants and obligations contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 SECTION 1. Rules of Interpretation . The rules of interpretation set forth in Section 1.02 of the Existing Credit Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference herein, mutatis mutandis . 
 SECTION 2. Early Opt-in Election. The Borrower and the Administrative Agent hereby confirm their joint election to trigger a fallback from the LIBO Rate to the Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement), all as set forth herein. 
 SECTION 3. Amendments to Existing Credit Agreement. 
 (a) Effective as of the Effective Date (as defined below), the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text and to add the underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example underlined text as set forth in Annex I hereto. 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else to the contrary set forth herein or in the Amended Credit Agreement, until the expiration of the Interest Period applicable thereto on the Effective Date, each Eurocurrency Rate Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate (each, an Existing LIBO Rate Loan outstanding on the Effective Date (i) shall remain outstanding as such and accrue interest, which shall be due and payable, in each case in accordance with the Adjusted LIBO Rate related provisions and all other provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement applicable to such Existing LIBO Rate Loan (without giving effect to any of the amendments contemplated in the Amended Credit Agreement which relate to the Benchmark Replacement) and (ii) if still outstanding on the date of the expiration of such Interest Period, shall be converted into a Term Benchmark Loan (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) in accordance with Section 2.02 of the Amended Credit Agreement. From and after the Effective Date, each Existing LIBO Rate Loan may be converted into a Term Benchmark Loan or a Base Rate Loan (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) in accordance with Section 2.02 of the Amended Credit Agreement as if such Existing LIBO Rate Loan were a Term Benchmark Loan. 
 (c) Each Revolving Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Amendment, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be approved by any Agent, the Required Revolving Lenders or any other Lenders, as applicable, on the Effective Date (and after giving effect to the amendment of the Existing Credit Agreement). 
 SECTION 4. Conditions Precedent to the Effectiveness of the Agreement . This Amendment shall become effective on the date when each of the following conditions precedent shall have been satisfied or waived (the Effective Date 
 (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received each of the following, each dated the Effective Date 
 (i) this Amendment, duly executed by the Borrower, Holdings, each other Loan Party, JPMCB in its capacity as the Administrative Agent and L C Issuer and the Required Revolving Lenders and 
 (ii) resolutions of the governing body of the Borrower, Holdings and each other Loan Party authorizing and approving this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby 
 (b) the Administrative Agent shall have provided a copy of this Amendment to each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall not have received by 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth Business Day after December 13, 2022 (the date a copy of this Amendment was provided to the Lenders), a written notice from the Required Lenders with respect to this Amendment stating that the Required Lenders object to this Amendment and 
 2 

(c) the Borrower shall have paid all amounts referred to in Section 6 (Fees and Expenses) of this Amendment that have been invoiced to the Borrower at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Effective Date (or as otherwise reasonably agreed by the Borrower). 
 The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the Effective Date and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. 
 SECTION 5. Representations and Warranties 
 On and as of the Effective Date, the Borrower hereby represents and warrants that (a) this Amendment has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Borrower and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms, subject to Debtor Relief Laws and general principles of equity (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law) and an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and the Existing Credit Agreement (as amended by this Amendment) constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms, subject to Debtor Relief Laws and general principles of equity (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law) and an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, (b) no Default or Event of Default shall exist or would exist after giving effect to this Amendment and (c) the representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in Article V of the Existing Credit Agreement and in each other Loan Document are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Effective Date with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date provided that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality , Material Adverse Effect or similar language is true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates. 
 SECTION 6. Fees and Expenses 
 The Borrower shall pay in accordance with the terms of Section 10.04 of the Existing Credit Agreement all costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, negotiation, syndication, execution and delivery of this Amendment (including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent with respect thereto). 
 SECTION 7. Reallocation and Reference to the Effect on the Loan Documents 
 (a) As of the Effective Date, each reference in the Existing Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof , herein , or words of like import, and each reference in the other Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement (including, without limitation, by means of words like thereunder , thereof and words of like import), shall mean and be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (b) Except as expressly amended hereby or specifically waived above, all of the terms and provisions of the Loan Documents are and shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed. 
 (c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Lenders or the Administrative Agent under any of the Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver or amendment of any other provision of any of the Loan Documents or for any purpose except as expressly set forth herein. 
 (d) This Amendment is a Loan Document. 
 SECTION 8. Execution in Counterparts 
 This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute but 
 3 

one and the same instrument. Signature pages may be detached from multiple separate counterparts and attached to a single counterpart so that all signature pages are attached to the same document. Delivery of an executed counterpart by telecopy, .pdf or other electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import herein shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
 SECTION 9. Governing Law 
 This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York. 
 SECTION 10. Reaffirmation 
 Each of Holdings, the Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby (a) reaffirms its obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party, in each case as amended by this Amendment, (b) reaffirms all Liens on the Collateral which have been granted by it in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) pursuant to the Loan Documents and (c) acknowledges and agrees that the grants of security interests by and the guarantees of the Loan Parties contained in the Collateral Documents and the Guaranty are, and shall remain, in full force and effect immediately after giving effect to this Amendment. 
 SECTION 11. Section Titles 
 The section titles contained in this Amendment are and shall be without substantive meaning or content of any kind whatsoever and are not a part of the agreement between the parties hereto, except when used to reference a section. Any reference to the number of a clause, sub-clause or subsection of any Loan Document immediately followed by a reference in parenthesis to the title of the section of such Loan Document containing such clause, sub-clause or subsection is a reference to such clause, sub-clause or subsection and not to the entire section provided , however , that, in case of direct conflict between the reference to the title and the reference to the number of such section, the reference to the title shall govern absent manifest error. 
 SECTION 12. Notices 
 All communications and notices hereunder shall be given as provided in the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 SECTION 13. Severability 
 In case any provision in or obligation under this Amendment shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 SECTION 14. Successors 
 The terms of this Amendment shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted by the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 4 

SECTION 15. Waiver of Jury Trial 
 EACH PARTY TO THIS AMENDMENT HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING UNDER THIS AMENDMENT OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES HERETO OR ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO THIS AMENDMENT, OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER FOUNDED IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE AND EACH PARTY HEREBY AGREES AND CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY, AND THAT ANY PARTY TO THIS AMENDMENT MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION 15 WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF THE SIGNATORIES HERETO TO THE WAIVER OF THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. 

SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW 
 5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers, as of the date first written above. 
 
 BRIGHT HORIZONS FAMILY SOLUTIONS LLC 
 BRIGHT HORIZONS CAPITAL CORP. 
 BRIGHT HORIZONS LLC 
 BRIGHT HORIZONS CHILDREN S CENTERS LLC 
 CORPORATEFAMILY SOLUTIONS LLC 
 RESOURCES IN ACTIVE LEARNING 
 HILDEBRANDT LEARNING CENTERS, LLC 

By s Elizabeth Boland Name Elizabeth Boland 
 Title Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, L C Issuer and a Revolving Lender 
 
 By s Alicia Schreibstein Name Alicia Schreibstein 
 Title Executive Director 
 
 Signature Page to First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

Lender Signature Pages on File with Administrative Agent 

Annex I 
 See attached. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Dated as of November 23, 2021 
 among 
 BRIGHT HORIZONS FAMILY SOLUTIONS LLC, as Borrower, 
 BRIGHT HORIZONS CAPITAL CORP., as Holdings, 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent and L C Issuer, 
 THE OTHER LENDERS PARTY HERETO, 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 BOFA SECURITIES, INC., 
 CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC., 
 CITIZENS BANK, N.A. and 
 WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC as Joint Lead Arrangers, Joint Bookrunners and Co-Syndication Agents for the Term A Loan Facility and Revolving Credit Facility, 
 
 CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 HSBC SECURITIES (USA) INC., 
 PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC and 
 SANTANDER BANK, N.A. 
 as Co-Documentation Agents for the Term A Loan Facility and the Revolving Credit Facility, 
 
 BARCLAYS BANK PLC, 
 as Co-Documentation Agent for the Revolving Credit Facility, 
 
 BOFA SECURITIES, INC., 
 CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC., 
 CITIZENS BANK, N.A., 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. and 
 WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC as Joint Lead Arrangers, Joint Bookrunners and Co-Syndication Agents for the Term B Loan Facility, 
 and 
 BARCLAYS BANK PLC, 
 CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 HSBC SECURITIES (USA) INC., 
 PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC and 
 SANTANDER BANK, N.A. as Co-Documentation Agents for the Term B Loan Facility 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1 
 Section 1.01 Defined Terms 1 
 Section 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions 60 59 
 Section 1.03 Accounting Terms 60 
 Section 1.04 Rounding 60 
 Section 1.05 References to Agreements, Laws, Etc 61 60 
 Section 1.06 Times of Day 61 60 
 Section 1.07 Timing of Performance 61 60 
 Section 1.08 Currency Equivalents Generally 61 60 
 Section 1.09 Change of Currency 62 61 
 Section 1.10 Cumulative Growth Amount Transactions 62 61 
 Section 1.11 Pro Forma and Other Calculations 62 61 
 Section 1.12 Limited Condition Transactions 64 63 
 Section 1.13 Cashless Rollovers 64 
 Section 1.14 Interest Rates LIBOR Benchmark Notification 65 64 
 Section 1.15 Divisions 65 64 
 ARTICLE II THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 65 
 Section 2.01 The Loans 65 
 Section 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans 66 65 
 Section 2.03 Letters of Credit 68 67 
 Section 2.04 Swing Line Loans 74 
 Section 2.05 Reserved 77 76 
 Section 2.06 Prepayments 77 76 
 Section 2.07 Termination or Reduction of Commitments 87 86 
 Section 2.08 Repayment of Loans 87 86 
 Section 2.09 Interest 88 87 
 Section 2.10 Fees 89 88 
 Section 2.11 Computation of Interest and Fees 89 88 
 Section 2.12 Evidence of Indebtedness 89 
 Section 2.13 Payments Generally 90 89 
 Section 2.14 Sharing of Payments 91 
 Section 2.15 Extension of Term Loans Extension of Revolving Credit Loans 92 91 
 Section 2.16 Incremental Borrowings 95 94 
 Section 2.17 Refinancing Amendments 100 99 
 Section 2.18 Defaulting Lenders 101 100 
 ARTICLE III TAXES, INCREASED COSTS PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 102 101 
 Section 3.01 Taxes 102 101 
 Section 3.02 Illegality 105 104 
 Section 3.03 Alternate Rate of Interest 105 
 Section 3.04 Increased Cost and Reduced Return Capital Adequacy Reserves on Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans 108 107 
 Section 3.05 Break Funding Payments 109 108 
 Section 3.06 Matters Applicable to All Requests for Compensation 109 108 
 Section 3.07 Replacement of Lenders under Certain Circumstances 110 109 
 Section 3.08 Survival 111 110 
 ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 111 
 Section 4.01 Conditions of Initial Credit Extension 111 
 Section 4.02 Conditions to All Credit Extensions 112 111 
 ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 112 111 
 Section 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power Compliance with Laws 112 111 
 Section 5.02 Authorization No Contravention 112 111 
 Section 5.03 Governmental Authorization Other Consents 113 112 
 Section 5.04 Binding Effect 113 112 
 Section 5.05 Financial Statements No Material Adverse Effect 113 112 
 Section 5.06 Litigation 113 112 
 i 

Section 5.07 No Default 113 112 
 Section 5.08 Ownership of Property Liens 113 112 
 Section 5.09 Environmental Compliance 113 
 Section 5.10 Taxes 114 113 
 Section 5.11 ERISA Compliance 114 113 
 Section 5.12 Subsidiaries Equity Interests 114 
 Section 5.13 Margin Regulations Investment Company Act 115 114 
 Section 5.14 Disclosure 115 114 
 Section 5.15 Intellectual Property Licenses, Etc 115 114 
 Section 5.16 Solvency 115 114 
 Section 5.17 Subordination of Junior Financing 115 
 Section 5.18 Labor Matters 115 
 Section 5.19 Perfection, Etc 116 115 
 Section 5.20 USA PATRIOT Act and OFAC 116 115 
 ARTICLE VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 116 115 
 Section 6.01 Financial Statements 116 
 Section 6.02 Certificates Other Information 118 117 
 Section 6.03 Notices 118 
 Section 6.04 Payment of Taxes 119 118 
 Section 6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc 119 118 
 Section 6.06 Maintenance of Properties 119 118 
 Section 6.07 Maintenance of Insurance 119 118 
 Section 6.08 Compliance with Laws 120 119 
 Section 6.09 Books and Records 120 119 
 Section 6.10 Inspection Rights 120 119 
 Section 6.11 Covenant to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security 120 119 
 Section 6.12 Compliance with Environmental Laws 121 120 
 Section 6.13 Further Assurances 121 
 Section 6.14 Designation of Subsidiaries 122 121 
 Section 6.15 Maintenance of Rating 123 122 
 Section 6.16 Use of Proceeds 123 122 
 ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS 123 122 
 Section 7.01 Liens 123 122 
 Section 7.02 Investments 126 125 
 Section 7.03 Indebtedness 128 127 
 Section 7.04 Fundamental Changes 134 133 
 Section 7.05 Dispositions 135 134 
 Section 7.06 Restricted Payments 136 
 Section 7.07 Change in Nature of Business 139 138 
 Section 7.08 Transactions with Affiliates 139 138 
 Section 7.09 Burdensome Agreements 139 
 Section 7.10 Reserved 140 139 
 Section 7.11 Financial Covenant 140 139 
 Section 7.12 Accounting Changes 140 139 
 Section 7.13 Prepayments, Etc. of Indebtedness 140 
 Section 7.14 Holding Company 141 140 
 ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 141 
 Section 8.01 Events of Default 141 
 Section 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default 143 142 
 Section 8.03 Exclusion of Immaterial Subsidiaries 143 
 Section 8.04 Application of Funds 144 143 
 Section 8.05 Borrower s Right to Cure 144 
 ARTICLE IX ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND OTHER AGENTS 145 144 
 Section 9.01 Appointment and Authorization of Agents 145 144 
 Section 9.02 Delegation of Duties 146 145 
 Section 9.03 Liability of Agents 146 145 
 Section 9.04 Reliance by Agents 146 
 Section 9.05 Notice of Default 147 146 
 Section 9.06 Credit Decision Disclosure of Information by Agents 147 146 
 Section 9.07 Indemnification of Agents 147 
 ii 

Section 9.08 Agents in their Individual Capacities 148 147 
 Section 9.09 Successor Agents 148 147 
 Section 9.10 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 149 148 
 Section 9.11 Collateral and Guaranty Matters 149 148 
 Section 9.12 Cash Management Obligations and Secured Hedge Agreements 150 149 
 Section 9.13 Other Agents Arrangers and Managers 150 149 
 Section 9.14 Appointment of Supplemental Administrative Agents 150 149 
 Section 9.15 Erroneous Payments 151 150 
 ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 152 151 
 Section 10.01 Amendments, Etc 152 151 
 Section 10.02 Notices and Other Communications Facsimile Copies 155 154 
 Section 10.03 No Waiver Cumulative Remedies 156 
 Section 10.04 Attorney Costs, Expenses and Taxes 156 
 Section 10.05 Indemnification by the Borrower 157 
 Section 10.06 Payments Set Aside 158 
 Section 10.07 Successors and Assigns 158 
 Section 10.08 Confidentiality 162 163 
 Section 10.09 Setoff 163 
 Section 10.10 Interest Rate Limitation 163 
 Section 10.11 Counterparts Electronic Execution 163 164 
 Section 10.12 Integration 164 
 Section 10.13 Survival of Representations and Warranties 164 165 
 Section 10.14 Severability 165 
 Section 10.15 Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents 165 
 Section 10.16 GOVERNING LAW 165 
 Section 10.17 WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY 166 
 Section 10.18 Binding Effect 166 
 Section 10.19 Lender Action 166 
 Section 10.20 USA PATRIOT Act 166 
 Section 10.21 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 166 
 Section 10.22 Intercreditor Agreement 167 
 Section 10.23 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 167 
 Section 10.24 Currency Indemnity 168 
 Section 10.25 Certain ERISA Matters 168 
 Section 10.26 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 169 
 
 SCHEDULES 
 1.01B Certain Security Interests and Guarantees 
 2.01 Commitments 
 5.12 Subsidiaries and Other Equity Investments 
 7.01(b) Existing Liens 
 7.02(f) Existing Investments 
 7.03(b) Existing Indebtedness 
 7.05(f) Dispositions 
 7.08 Transactions with Affiliates 
 7.09 Existing Restrictions 
 10.02 Administrative Agent s Office, Certain Addresses for Notices 
 EXHIBITS 
 Form of 
 A Committed Loan Notice 
 B Swing Line Loan Notice 
 C-1 Term Loan Note 
 C-2 Revolving Credit Note 
 C-3 Swing Line Note 
 D Compliance Certificate 
 E-1 Assignment and Assumption Agreement 
 F Guaranty 
 G Security Agreement 
 H Letter of Credit Application 
 I Opinion Counsel to Loan Parties 
 iii 

J Intercompany Note 
 K Discount Range Prepayment Notice 
 L Discount Range Prepayment Offer 
 M Solicited Discounted Prepayment Notice 
 N Acceptance and Prepayment Notice 
 O Specified Discount Prepayment Notice 
 P Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer 
 Q Specified Discount Prepayment Response 
 R First Lien Intercreditor Agreement 
 S Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement 
 T-1 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate Foreign Lenders that are not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes 
 T-2 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate Foreign Participants that are not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes 
 T-3 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate Foreign Participants that are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes 
 T-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate Foreign Lenders that are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes 
 iv 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of November 23, 2021 (this Agreement ), among BRIGHT HORIZONS FAMILY SOLUTIONS LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), BRIGHT HORIZONS CAPITAL CORP., a Delaware corporation, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent and L C Issuer and each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the Lenders and individually, a Lender ). 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 
 The Borrower, Bright Horizons Capital Corp., the Lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and L C Issuer are parties to that certain Credit Agreement originally dated as of January 30, 2013 (as amended and restated as of November 7, 2016, as amended by the Amendment Agreement, dated as of May 8, 2017, the Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2017, the Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2018, the Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of April 24, 2020, the Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 7, 2020 and the Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2021 and as further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement ). 
 The Borrower, Bright Horizons Capital Corp., the Lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and L C Issuer, have entered into the Amendment Agreement, dated as of November 23, 2021 (the 2021 Amendment Agreement ), pursuant to which (i) the 2021 Term B Lenders (as defined below) agreed to make 2021 Term B Loans (as defined below) constituting Other Term Loans in an aggregate principal amount of 600,000,000 on the 2021 Effective Date (as defined below), (ii) the Term A Lenders (as defined below) agreed to make Term A Loans (as defined below) in an aggregate principal amount of 400,000,000 on the 2021 Effective Date (iii) the Borrower agreed to use the proceeds of such 2021 Term B Loans and Term A Loans, together with cash on hand, to prepay in full the outstanding principal amount of the Existing Term B Loans (as defined in the 2021 Amendment Agreement), together with any accrued but unpaid interest, and to pay related fees and expenses and (iv) the parties thereto have agreed, subject to the terms and conditions thereof, to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement to be in the form hereof. 
 As of the 2021 Effective Date, the Existing Credit Agreement is amended and restated in the form of this Agreement in accordance with the 2021 Amendment Agreement. 
 In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows 
 ARTICLE I Definitions and Accounting Terms 
 SECTION 1.01 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 2016 Effective Date means November 7, 2016. 
 2021 Effective Date means November 23, 2021. 
 2021 Amendment Agreement has the meaning specified in the Preliminary Statements. 
 2021 Term B Lender means as of any date of determination, any Lender that holds a portion of the outstanding 2021 Term B Loans on such date. 
 2021 Term B Loan Commitments means the 2021 Term B Commitments, as defined in the 2021 Amendment Agreement. 
 2021 Term B Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(a)(ii). 
 ABBR when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the AUD Bank Bill Rate. 
 ABR when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Base Rate. 

Acceptable Discount has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(a)(iv)(D)(2). 
 Acceptable Prepayment Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(a)(iv)(D)(3). 
 Acceptance and Prepayment Notice means a notice of the Borrower s acceptance of the Acceptable Discount in substantially the form of Exhibit N . 
 Acceptance Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(a)(iv)(D)(2). 
 Act has the meaning specified in Section 10.20. 
 Additional Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(c). 
 Additional Refinancing Lender means, at any time, any bank, financial institution or other institutional lender or investor that, in any case, is not an existing Lender and that agrees to provide any portion of Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment in accordance with Section 2.17, provided that each Additional Refinancing Lender shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed, solely to the extent that any such consent would be required from the Administrative Agent under Section 10.07(b)(i)(B) for an assignment of Loans to such Additional Refinancing Lender and, in the case of Other Revolving Credit Commitments with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, the Swing Line Lender (if any) and each L C Issuer, solely to the extent such consent would be required for any assignment to such Lender. 
 Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA means an interest rate per annum equal to the Daily Simple SONIA plus (b) 0.0326 . 
 Adjusted EURIBOR Rate means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) (i) the EURIBOR Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (ii) the Statutory Reserve Rate and (b) 0.00 . 
 Adjusted LIBO Rate Term SOFR means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1 100 of 1 equal to the greater of (a) (i) the LIBO Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by , plus (ii) the Statutory Reserve Rate Term SOFR Adjustment and (b) (i) with respect to Term B Loans, 0.50 and (ii) with respect to Term A Loans, Revolving Credit Loans and unused Revolving Credit Commitments, 0.00 . 
 Administrative Agent means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Administrative Agent as used herein and in the other Loan Documents shall include the Collateral Agent. 
 Administrative Agent s Office means the Administrative Agent s address and account as set forth on Schedule 10.02, or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Lenders. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Agent-Related Distress Event means, with respect to the Administrative Agent or any Person that directly or indirectly Controls the Administrative Agent (each, a Distressed Agent-Related Person ), a voluntary or involuntary case with respect to such Distressed Agent-Related Person under any Debtor Relief Law, or a custodian, conservator, receiver or similar official is appointed for such Distressed Agent-Related Person or any substantial part of such Distressed Agent-Related Person s assets, or such Distressed Agent-Related Person makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or is otherwise adjudicated as, or determined by any Governmental 
 2 

Authority having regulatory authority over such Distressed Agent-Related Person to be, insolvent or bankrupt provided that an Agent-Related Distress Event shall not be deemed to have occurred solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interests in the Administrative Agent or any Person that directly or indirectly Controls the Administrative Agent by a Governmental Authority or an instrumentality thereof. 
 Agent-Related Persons means each Agent, together with its respective Affiliates, and the officers, directors, employees, agents and attorneys-in-fact of such Person and its Affiliates. 
 Agents means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Syndication Agent and the Supplemental Administrative Agents (if any). 
 Aggregate Commitments means the Commitments of all the Lenders. 
 Agreed Currencies means Dollars and each Alternative Currency. 
 Agreement has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereof. 
 All-In Yield means, as to any Indebtedness, the yield thereof, whether in the form of interest rate, margin, original issue discount, upfront fees, a Eurocurrency Rate, Base Rate or SONIA Rate interest rate floor or otherwise, in each case, incurred or payable by the Borrower ratably to all lenders of such Indebtedness provided that original issue discount and upfront fees shall be equated to interest rate assuming a 4-year life to maturity (or, if less, the stated life to maturity at the time of incurrence of the applicable Indebtedness) and provided , further , that All-In Yield shall not include arrangement, structuring, commitment, ticking, amendment, unused line, consent, underwriting, advisory or other similar fees (regardless of how such fees are computed and whether shared or paid, in whole or in part, with or to any or all lenders) or other fees not paid ratably to all lenders of such Indebtedness. 
 Alternative Currency means each of Euros and , Pounds Sterling and Australian Dollars . 
 Alternative Currency Equivalent means, at any time, with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the equivalent amount thereof in the applicable Alternative Currency as determined by the Administrative Agent or applicable L C Issuer, as the case may be, at such time on the basis of the Spot Rate (determined as of the most recent Revaluation Date) for the purchase of the applicable Alternative Currency with Dollars. 
 Alternative Currency Loans means any Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency. 
 Ancillary Document has the meaning specified in Section 10.11. 
 Applicable Discount has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(a)(iv)(C)(2). 
 Applicable Indebtedness has the meaning specified in the definition of Weighted Average Life to Maturity . 
 Applicable Rate means a percentage per annum equal to 
 (a) with respect to Term B Loans, (A) for Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans, 2.25 and (B) for ABR Loans, 1.25 
 (b) with respect to unused Revolving Credit Commitments and the commitment fee therefor, the percentages per annum set forth in the table below, based upon the Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio as set forth in the most recent Compliance Certificate received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.02(a) 
 Pricing Level Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio Commitment Fee for unused Revolving Credit Commitments 1 Greater than 2.50 1.00 0.325 2 Less than or equal to 2.50 1.00 0.30 
 
 (c) with respect to Revolving Credit Loans and Letter of Credit fees, the percentages per annum set forth in the table below, based upon the Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio as set forth 
 3 

in the most recent Compliance Certificate received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.02(a) 
 Pricing Level Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Rate for Revolving Credit Loans and Letter of Credit fees 
 Base Rate for Revolving Credit Loans Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA for Revolving Credit Loans 1 Greater than 2.50 1.00 1.75 0.75 1.75 2 Less than or equal to 2.50 1.00 1.50 0.50 1.50 
 
 (d) with respect to Term A Loans (i) prior to delivery of financial statements for the first fiscal quarter of the Borrower ending after the 2021 Effective Date, (A) for Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans, 1.50 and (B) for ABR Loans, 0.50 , and (ii) thereafter, the percentages per annum set forth in the table below, based upon the Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio as set forth in the most recent Compliance Certificate received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.02(a) 
 Pricing Level Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Rate for Term A Loans 
 Base Rate for Term A Loans 1 Greater than 2.50 1.00 1.75 0.75 2 Less than or equal to 2.50 1.00 1.50 0.50 
 
 Any increase or decrease in the Applicable Rate resulting from a change in the Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio shall become effective as of the first Business Day immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(a) provided that at the option of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, the highest Pricing Level shall apply (x) as of the first Business Day after the date on which a Compliance Certificate was required to have been delivered but was not delivered, and shall continue to so apply to and including the date on which such Compliance Certificate is so delivered (and thereafter the Pricing Level otherwise determined in accordance with this definition shall apply) and (y) as of the first Business Day after an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) shall have occurred and be continuing, and shall continue to so apply to but excluding the date on which such Event of Default is cured or waived (and thereafter the Pricing Level otherwise determined in accordance with this definition shall apply). 
 Appropriate Lender means, at any time, (a) with respect to Loans of any Class, the Lenders of such Class, (b) with respect to Letters of Credit, (i) the relevant L C Issuers and (ii) the relevant Revolving Credit Lenders and (c) with respect to the Swing Line Facility, (i) the Swing Line Lender and (ii) the Revolving Credit Lenders. 
 Approved Bank has the meaning specified in clause (c) of the definition of Cash Equivalents . 
 Approved Fund means any Fund that is administered, advised or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers, advises or manages a Lender. 
 Arrangers means, collectively, the Term A Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners, the Term B Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners and the Revolving Credit Facility Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners. 
 Assignees has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(b). 
 4 

Assignment and Assumption Agreement means an Assignment and Assumption Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit E-1 . 
 Attorney Costs means all reasonable and documented fees, expenses and disbursements of any law firm or other external legal counsel. 
 Attributable Indebtedness means, on any date, in respect of any Capitalized Lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP. 
 Auction Agent means (a) the Administrative Agent or (b) any other financial institution or advisor employed by the Borrower (whether or not an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent) to act as an arranger in connection with any Discounted Term Loan Prepayment pursuant to Section 2.06(a)(iv) provided that the Borrower shall not designate the Administrative Agent as the Auction Agent without the written consent of the Administrative Agent (it being understood that the Administrative Agent shall be under no obligation to agree to act as the Auction Agent) provided , further , that neither the Borrower nor any of its Affiliates may act as the Auction Agent. 
 AUD Bank Bill Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Australian Dollars for any Interest Period, the AUD Screen Rate at approximately 11 00 a.m., Sydney time, on the first day of such Interest Period. 
 AUD Screen Rate means a rate per annum equal to the average bid reference rate administered by ASX Benchmark Pty Limited (ACN 616 075 417) (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for bills of exchange in Australian Dollars with a term equivalent to the applicable period, as displayed on the Reuters screen page that displays such rate (currently page BBSY) (or, in the event such rate does not appear on a page of the Reuters screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as shall be selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion) provided that if the AUD Screen Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
 Audited Financial Statements means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2020, and the related audited consolidated statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Australian Dollars means the lawful currency of Australia. 
 Auto-Renewal Letter of Credit has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b)(iii). 
 Available Incremental Amount means, as of any date of determination, 
 (a) an amount equal to the sum of (the Free and Clear Incremental Amount 
 (i) the greater of (A) 246,000,000 and (B) 100 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period as of such time determined on a Pro Forma Basis, plus 
 (ii) the sum of the aggregate principal amount of (w) voluntary prepayments, redemptions, repurchases and buybacks of Term Loans and Incremental Term Loans (including payments pursuant to Section 3.07 or other analogous yank-a-bank provisions and payments through Dutch auction procedures and payments of such Term Loans utilizing Section 2.06(a)(iii) or Section 10.07(m) (in each case, in the principal amount of such Term Loans subject thereto and only to the extent retired)) by Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case, after the 2021 Effective Date, (x) permanent commitment reductions after the 2021 Effective Date in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, (y) permanent commitment reductions after the 2021 Effective Date in respect of Incremental Equivalent Debt in the form of revolving credit commitments or any Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments established, in each case, in reliance on the Free and Clear Incremental Amount and (z) voluntary prepayments, redemptions, repurchases and buybacks (including open market purchases at or below par and payments through Dutch auction procedures and payments utilizing any yank-a-bank provision (in each case, in the principal amount of the Indebtedness subject thereto and only to the extent retired)) of Incremental Equivalent Debt by Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries after the 2021 Effective Date, in each case under this clause (z), to the extent such Indebtedness was incurred in reliance on the Free and Clear Incremental Amount, in the case of each of clauses (w), (x), (y) and (z) above, other than from proceeds of long-term Indebtedness (other than (1) any revolving 
 5 

Indebtedness or (2) any intercompany loans among the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries of amounts that are not otherwise proceeds of long-term Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness)) of the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries, plus 
 (iii) the sum of the aggregate principal amount of voluntary prepayments, redemptions, repurchases and buybacks (including payments pursuant to Section 3.07 or other analogous yank-a-bank provisions, open market purchases at or below par and payments through Dutch auction procedures and payments of such Term Loans utilizing Section 2.06(a)(iii) or Section 10.07(m) (in each case, in the principal amount of the Indebtedness subject thereto and only to the extent retired)) (or, solely with respect to revolving credit commitments, the aggregate principal amount of permanent commitment reductions effected thereunder) by Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness, Other Term Loan, Other Revolving Credit Commitment or any Indebtedness in respect of a Permitted Refinancing, as applicable, previously applied, directly or indirectly, to the prepayment, redemption, repurchase, buyback or permanent commitment reduction, as applicable, of any Indebtedness or revolving credit commitment, as applicable, described in clause (ii) above, in each case under this clause (iii), to the extent such voluntary prepayment, redemption, repurchase or buyback was not financed with the proceeds of long-term Indebtedness (other than (1) any revolving Indebtedness or (2) any intercompany loans among the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries of amounts that are not otherwise proceeds of long-term Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness)) of the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries, minus 
 (iv) the aggregate principal amount of all Incremental Facilities and all Incremental Equivalent Debt outstanding at such time that was incurred in reliance on the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) of the Free and Clear Incremental Amount after the 2021 Effective Date, plus 
 (b) an unlimited amount such that after giving effect to the incurrence of any such Incremental Commitment or Incremental Equivalent Debt and, except as described below with respect to Incremental Delayed Draw Term Loans, deeming all such Indebtedness then being incurred to be fully drawn (this clause (b), the Ratio Incremental Amount 
 (i) if such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that ranks pari passu with the Liens securing the Obligations, after giving effect to the incurrence of such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt and the use of proceeds thereof, on a Pro Forma Basis (but, for the avoidance of doubt, without giving effect to any substantially concurrent incurrence of any Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt made pursuant to the Free and Clear Incremental Amount or under the Revolving Credit Facility in connection therewith), the Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio shall not exceed 4.25 to 1.00 for the most recent Test Period then ended, 
 (ii) if such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that ranks junior to the Liens securing the Obligations, after giving effect to the incurrence of such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt and the use of proceeds thereof, on a Pro Forma Basis (but, for the avoidance of doubt, without giving effect to any substantially concurrent incurrence of any Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt made pursuant to the Free and Clear Incremental Amount or under the Revolving Credit Facility in connection therewith), the Total Net Leverage Ratio shall not exceed 5.50 to 1.00 for the most recent Test Period then ended, 
 (iii) if such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt is unsecured, after giving effect to the incurrence of such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt and the use of proceeds thereof, on a Pro Forma Basis (but, for the avoidance of doubt, without giving effect to any substantially concurrent incurrence of any Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt made pursuant to the Free and Clear Incremental Amount or under the Revolving Credit Facility in connection therewith), the Total Net Leverage Ratio shall not exceed 5.50 to 1.00 for the most recent Test Period then ended 
 provided that (1) the Borrower may elect to incur Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt under the Free and Clear Incremental Amount above prior to incurring Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt under the Ratio Incremental Amount above, but if no election is specified, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have elected to incur the Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt, as applicable, under the Ratio Incremental Amount, and (2) any Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt originally incurred under the Free and Clear Incremental Amount above shall automatically be reclassified as having been incurred under the 
 6 

Ratio Incremental Amount above at any time the Borrower would have been permitted to incur such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt under the Ratio Incremental Amount above on a Pro Forma Basis. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in the case of an Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt in the form of a delayed draw term loan facility Incremental Delayed Draw Term Loans ), the Borrower may elect, in its sole discretion, to either (A) incur such Incremental Delayed Draw Term Loans under the Available Incremental Amount at the time the delayed draw term loan commitments for such Incremental Delayed Draw Term Loans (the Incremental Delayed Draw Term Commitments are established provided that, in the case of this clause (A), (x) such Incremental Delayed Draw Term Commitments shall be deemed to be fully drawn at the time they are established solely for purposes of incurring such Incremental Delayed Draw Term Loans under the Available Incremental Amount and (y) the subsequent funding of such Incremental Delayed Draw Term Loans shall not require capacity under the Available Incremental Amount) or (B) incur such Incremental Delayed Draw Term Loans under the Available Incremental Amount at the time such Incremental Delayed Draw Term Loans are funded provided that, in the case of this clause (B), (x) the funding of such Incremental Delayed Draw Term Loans shall require capacity under the Available Incremental Amount and (y) the establishment of such Incremental Delayed Draw Term Commitments shall not require capacity under the Available Incremental Amount and, for the avoidance of doubt, such Incremental Delayed Draw Commitments shall not be deemed to be drawn prior to the funding thereof). 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark for any Agreed Currency, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (f) (e) of Section 3.03. 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means, with respect to (a) any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus of 1 and (c) the Adjusted LIBO Rate Term SOFR for a one month Interest Period on as published two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the immediately preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day) plus 1 provided that for the purpose of this definition, the Adjusted LIBO Rate Term SOFR for any day shall be based on the LIBO Screen Rate (or if the LIBO Screen Rate is not available for such one month Interest Period, the LIBO Interpolated Rate) Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 11 00 5 00 a.m. London Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology) . Any change in the Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Rate Term SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Rate Term SOFR , respectively. If the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 3.03 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 3.03(b)), then the Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Base Rate as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be (i) with respect to Term B Loans, less than 1.50 , such rate shall be deemed to be 1.50 for purposes of this Agreement and (ii) with respect to Term A Loans and Revolving Credit Loans, less than 1.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be 1.00 for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Benchmark means, initially, with respect to any Loan in any Agreed Currency, the applicable Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event, an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election , as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the applicable Relevant Rate or the then-current Benchmark for such Agreed Currency, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) or clause (c) of Section 3.03. 
 7 

Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date provided that, in the case of any Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency or in the case of an Other Benchmark Rate Election, Benchmark Replacement shall mean the alternative set forth in 3 2 below 
 (1) in the case of any Loan denominated in Dollars, the sum of (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
 2 1 in the case of any Loan denominated in Dollars, the sum of (a) Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and 
 3 2 the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment . 
 provided that, in the case of clause (1), such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion provided further that, in the case of clause (3), when such clause is used to determine the Benchmark Replacement in connection with the occurrence of an Other Benchmark Rate Election, the alternate benchmark rate selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall be the term benchmark rate that is used in lieu of a LIBOR-based rate in the relevant other Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities provided further that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event, and the delivery of a Term SOFR Notice, on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date the Benchmark Replacement shall revert to and shall be deemed to be the sum of (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, as set forth in clause (1) of this definition (subject to the first proviso above). 
 If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) , or (2 or (3 above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement 
 , the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by (1) for purposes of clauses (1) and (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement , the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent 
 (a) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for the applicable Corresponding Tenor 
 (b) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that would apply to the fallback rate for a derivative transaction referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon an index cessation event with respect to such Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and 
 (2) for purposes of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such 
 8 

Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time . 
 provided that, in the case of clause (1) above, such adjustment is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such Benchmark Replacement Adjustment from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark 
 (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date . 
 (3) in the case of a Term SOFR Transition Event, the date that is thirty (30) days after the date a Term SOFR Notice is provided to the Lenders and the Borrower pursuant to Section 3.03(c) or 
 (4) in the case of an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election or Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, is provided to the Lenders, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election or Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, is provided to the Lenders, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election or Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark 
 (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 9 

(2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, the central bank for the Agreed Currency applicable to such Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.03 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.03. 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning specified in Section 10.26(b). 
 Borrower has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement. 
 Borrower Offer of Specified Discount Prepayment means the offer by any Company Party to make a voluntary prepayment of Term Loans at a Specified Discount to par pursuant to Section 2.06(a)(iv)(B). 
 Borrower Retained Prepayment Amounts has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(b)(ix). 
 Borrower Solicitation of Discounted Prepayment Offers means the solicitation by any Company Party of offers for, and the subsequent acceptance, if any, by a Lender of, a voluntary prepayment of Term Loans at a discount to par pursuant to Section 2.06(a)(iv)(D). 
 Borrower Solicitation of Discount Range Prepayment Offers means the solicitation by any Company Party of offers for, and the corresponding acceptance by a Lender of, a voluntary prepayment of Term Loans at a specified range of discounts to par pursuant to Section 2.06(a)(iv)(C). 
 Borrowing means a Revolving Credit Borrowing, a Swing Line Borrowing or a Term Borrowing, as the context may require. 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agent s Office is located and , provided that 
 (a) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan, or any other dealings to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Loan, means any such day on which dealings in deposits in Dollars are conducted by and between banks in the relevant interbank eurodollar market Term Benchmark Loan, Business Day shall mean a U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
 10 

(b) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Euros, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in Euros in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan, or any other dealings in Euros to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan, Business Day shall mean a TARGET Day and 
 (c) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a SONIA Rate Loan, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in Pounds Sterling in respect of any such SONIA Rate Loan, or any other dealings in Pounds Sterling to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such SONIA Rate Loan, Business Day shall mean any such day on which banks are open for business in London . and 
 (d) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a ABBR Loan, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in Australian Dollars in respect of any such ABBR Loan, or any other dealings in Australian Dollars to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such ABBR Loan, Business Day shall mean any such day on which banks are open for business in Sydney. 
 Capital Expenditures means, for any period, the aggregate of all expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities) by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries during such period that, in conformity with GAAP, are or are required to be included as capital expenditures on the consolidated statement of cash flow of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 Capitalized Lease Obligation means an obligation that is a Capitalized Lease and the amount of Indebtedness represented thereby at any time shall be the amount of the liability in respect thereof that would at that time be required to be capitalized on a balance sheet in accordance with GAAP (for the avoidance of doubt, subject to Section 1.03(b)). It is understood and agreed that Capitalized Lease Obligations shall be deemed not to include Non-Finance Lease Obligations for purposes of the Loan Documents. 
 Capitalized Lease means any lease that has been or should be, in accordance with GAAP (for the avoidance of doubt, subject to Section 1.03(b)) (except for temporary treatment of construction-related expenditures under EITF 97-10 The Effects of Lessee Involvement in Asset Construction which will ultimately be treated as operating leases upon a sale-leaseback transaction), recorded on the balance sheet as a finance lease. 
 Captive Insurance Subsidiary means (i) any Subsidiary established by the Borrower for the primary purpose of insuring the businesses or properties owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or joint ventures or (ii) any Subsidiary of any such insurance subsidiary established for the same primary purpose described in clause (i) above. 
 Cash Collateral has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(g). 
 Cash Collateral Account means a deposit account at the Administrative Agent (or another commercial bank selected in compliance with Section 9.09) in the name of the Administrative Agent and under the sole dominion and control of the Administrative Agent, and otherwise established in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 Cash Collateralize has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(g). 
 Cash Equivalents means any of the following types of Investments, to the extent owned by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary 
 (a) Dollars, Pounds Sterling, Euros, Australian Dollars, yen and Canadian dollars and, in the case of any Foreign Subsidiary, such local currencies held by it from time to time in the ordinary course of business 
 (b) readily marketable obligations issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the government or any agency or instrumentality of the United States, having average maturities of not more than 24 months from the date of acquisition thereof provided that the full faith and credit of the United States is pledged in support thereof 
 (c) time deposits with, or insured certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances of, any commercial bank that (i) is a Lender or (ii) (A) is organized under the Laws of the United States, any state thereof, the District of Columbia or any member nation of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development or is the principal banking Subsidiary of a bank holding company organized under the Laws of the United States, any state thereof, the District of Columbia or any member nation of the Organization 
 11 

for Economic Cooperation and Development, and is a member of the Federal Reserve System, and (B) has combined capital and surplus of at least 250,000,000 (any such bank in the foregoing clauses (i) or (ii) being an Approved Bank ), in each case with average maturities of not more than 12 months from the date of acquisition thereof 
 (d) commercial paper and variable or fixed rate notes issued by an Approved Bank (or by the parent company thereof) or any variable or fixed rate note issued by, or guaranteed by, a corporation rated A-2 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by S&P or P-2 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moody s, in each case with average maturities of not more than 24 months from the date of acquisition thereof 
 (e) repurchase agreements entered into by any Person with a bank or trust company (including any of the Lenders) or recognized securities dealer, in each case, having capital and surplus in excess of 250,000,000 for direct obligations issued by or fully guaranteed or insured by the government or any agency or instrumentality of the United States, in which such Person shall have a perfected first priority security interest (subject to no other Liens) and having, on the date of purchase thereof, a fair market value of at least 100 of the amount of the repurchase obligations 
 (f) securities with average maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition issued or fully guaranteed by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States, by any political subdivision, taxing authority agency or instrumentality of any such state, commonwealth or territory or by any foreign government having an investment grade rating from either S&P or Moody s (or the equivalent thereof) 
 (g) Investments with average maturities of 12 months or less from the date of acquisition in money market funds rated AAA- (or the equivalent thereof) or better by S&P or Aaa3 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moody s 
 (h) Indebtedness or preferred stock issued by Persons with a rating of A or higher from S&P or A2 or higher from Moody s with maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition, in each case in Dollars or another currency permitted above in this definition 
 (i) in the case of Foreign Subsidiaries only, instruments equivalent to those referred to in clauses (a) through (h) above or clause (j) below in each case denominated in any foreign currency comparable in credit quality and tenor to those referred to in such clauses above and customarily used by companies for cash management purposes in any jurisdiction outside the United States to the extent reasonably required in connection with any business conducted by any Foreign Subsidiary organized in such jurisdiction or 
 (j) Investments, classified in accordance with GAAP as current assets of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in money market investment programs which are registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 or which are administered by financial institutions having capital of at least 250,000,000, and, in either case, the portfolios of which are limited such that substantially all of such investments are of the character, quality and maturity described in clauses (a) through (g) of this definition. 
 Cash Management Bank means any Person that (a) is an Agent, Arranger, Lender or any Affiliate of such Agent, Arranger or Lender (i) with respect to Cash Management Services outstanding on the 2021 Effective Date, on the 2021 Effective Date and (ii) with respect to Cash Management Services incurred after the 2021 Effective Date, at any time that such Person initially provides such Cash Management Services to Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, whether or not such Person subsequently ceases to be an Agent, Arranger, Lender or Affiliate of an Agent, Arranger or Lender and (b) is identified by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent it being understood that any such provider of such Cash Management Services shall be deemed (i) to appoint the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent as its agents under the applicable Loan Documents and (ii) to agree to be bound by the provisions of Article IX, Section 10.04, Section 10.16 and any applicable Intercreditor Agreement as if it were a Lender. 
 Cash Management Obligations means obligations owed by Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to any Cash Management Bank in respect of any Cash Management Services. 
 Cash Management Services means any agreement or arrangement to provide cash management services, including treasury, depository, overdraft, credit card processing, credit or debit card, purchase card, electronic funds transfer and other cash management arrangements. 
 12 

Casualty Event means any event that gives rise to the receipt by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any insurance proceeds or condemnation awards in respect of any equipment, fixed assets or real property (including any improvements thereon) to replace or repair such equipment, fixed assets or real property. 
 CBR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Central Bank Rate. 
 CBR Spread means the Applicable Rate applicable to such Loan that is replaced by a CBR Loan. 
 Central Bank Rate means, (A) the greater of (i) for any Loan denominated in (a) Pounds Sterling, the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) s Bank Rate as published by the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (b) Euro, one of the following three rates as may be selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion (1) the fixed rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), or, if that rate is not published, the minimum bid rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), each as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (2) the rate for the marginal lending facility of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time or (3) the rate for the deposit facility of the central banking system of the Participating Member States, as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time and (c) any other Alternative Currency determined after the Effective Date, a central bank rate as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion and (ii) 0.00 plus (B) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment. 
 Central Bank Rate Adjustment means, for any day, for any Loan denominated in (a) Euro, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the EURIBOR Rate for the five most recent Business Days preceding such day for which the EURIBOR Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest EURIBOR Rate applicable during such period of five Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Euros in effect on the last Business Day in such period, (b) Pounds Sterling, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of SONIA for the five most recent SONIA Business Days preceding such day for which SONIA was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest SONIA applicable during such period of five SONIA Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Pounds Sterling in effect on the last SONIA Business Day in such period and (c) any other Alternative Currency determined after the Effective Date, a Central Bank Rate Adjustment as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. For purposes of this definition, (x) the term Central Bank Rate shall be determined disregarding clause (B) of the definition of such term and (y) the EURIBOR Rate on any day shall be based on the EURIBOR Screen Rate on such day at approximately the time referred to in the definition of such term for deposits in Euros for a maturity of one month provided that if such rate shall be less than 0.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be 0.00 . 
 CERCLA means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended. 
 CERCLIS means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Information System maintained by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. 
 CFC means a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957(a) of the Code. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the 2021 Effective Date, of any of the following (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty (excluding the taking effect after the date of this Agreement of a law, rule, regulation or treaty adopted prior to the date of this Agreement), (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority. It is understood and agreed that (i) the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Pub.L. 111-203, H.R. 4173), all Laws relating thereto, all interpretations and applications thereof and any compliance by a Lender with any request or directive relating thereto and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall, in each case, for the purposes of this Agreement, be deemed to be adopted and taking effect subsequent to the date of this Agreement, provided that it is the applicable Lender s general policy or practice to demand compensation in similar circumstances under comparable provisions of other financing agreements. 
 13 

Change of Control means the earliest to occur of 
 (a) (1) any Person (other than Parent) or (2) Persons constituting a group (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such Person and its Subsidiaries, and any Person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan), becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13(d)-3 and 13(d)-5 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of Equity Interests representing more than fifty percent (50 of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of Holdings 
 (b) any Change of Control (or any comparable term) in any document pertaining to (i) any Permitted Pari Passu Secured Refinancing Debt, any Permitted Junior Secured Refinancing Debt, any Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt, any Incremental Equivalent Debt, any unsecured Indebtedness, any Indebtedness that is secured on a junior basis to the Obligations and any Junior Financing, in each case with an aggregate outstanding principal amount in excess of the Threshold Amount or (ii) any Disqualified Equity Interests with an aggregate liquidation preference in excess of the Threshold Amount or 
 (c) the Borrower ceases to be a direct wholly owned Subsidiary of Holdings. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this definition or any provision of Section 13(d)-3 of the Exchange Act, (A) a Person or group shall not be deemed to beneficially own Equity Interests to be acquired by such Person or group pursuant to a stock or asset purchase agreement, merger agreement, option agreement, warrant agreement or similar agreement (or voting or option or similar agreement related thereto) until the consummation of the acquisition of the Equity Interests in connection with the transactions contemplated by such agreement and (B) a Person or group will not be deemed to beneficially own the Equity Interests of another Person as a result of its ownership of Equity Interests or other securities of such other Person s parent (or related contractual rights) unless it owns 50 or more of the total voting power of the Equity Interests entitled to vote for the election of directors (or analogous Persons) of such Person s parent. 
 Class (a) when used with respect to Lenders, refers to whether such Lenders have Loans or Commitments with respect to a particular Class of Loans or Commitments, (b) when used with respect to Commitments, refers to whether such Commitments are Term A Loan Commitments, 2021 Term B Loan Commitments, Incremental Term Commitments of a given Incremental Series, Commitments in respect of a Class of Loans to be made pursuant to a given Extension Series, Other Term Loan Commitments of a given Refinancing Series, Revolving Credit Commitments, Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments of a given Incremental Series or Other Revolving Credit Commitments, in each case not designated part of another existing Class and (c) when used with respect to Loans or a Borrowing, refers to whether such Loans, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Term A Loans, Term B Loans, Incremental Term Loans made pursuant to a given Incremental Series, Extended Term Loans, Other Term Loans made pursuant to a given Refinancing Series, Revolving Credit Loans, Incremental Revolving Loans of a given Incremental Series, Extended Revolving Credit Loans or Other Revolving Credit Loans in each case not designated part of another existing Class. Commitments (and, in each case, the Loans made pursuant to such Commitments) that have different terms and conditions shall be construed to be in different Classes. Commitments (and, in each case, the Loans made pursuant to such Commitments) that have the same terms and conditions shall be construed to be in the same Class. 
 Closing Date means January 30, 2013. 
 CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator). 
 Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and rules and regulations related thereto. 
 Collateral means all the Collateral as defined in any Collateral Document and shall include the Mortgaged Properties. 
 Collateral Agent means the Administrative Agent, in its capacity as collateral agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor collateral agent. 
 Collateral and Guarantee Requirement means, at any time, the requirement that 
 (a) the Administrative Agent shall have received each Collateral Document required to be delivered on or prior to the 2021 Effective Date or pursuant to Section 6.11 or Section 6.13 at such time as is designated therein, duly executed by each Loan Party thereto 
 14 

(b) all Obligations shall have been unconditionally guaranteed by Holdings and each Restricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary and not an Excluded Subsidiary 
 (c) the Obligations and the Guarantees shall have been secured by a first-priority perfected security interest (subject to Liens permitted by Section 7.01) in (i) all the Equity Interests of the Borrower, (ii) all Equity Interests of each Restricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary (other than a Domestic Subsidiary described in the following clause (iii)(B)) directly owned by the Borrower or any Guarantor and (iii) 65 of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of (A) each Restricted Subsidiary that is a Foreign Subsidiary and a CFC and is directly owned by the Borrower or any Guarantor and (B) each Restricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary that is a FSHCO and is directly owned by the Borrower or any Guarantor 
 (d) except to the extent otherwise permitted hereunder or under any Collateral Document, the Obligations and the Guarantees shall have been secured by a security interest in, and mortgages on, substantially all tangible and intangible assets of Holdings, the Borrower and each other Guarantor (including accounts receivable, inventory, equipment, investment property, contract rights, intellectual property, other general intangibles, owned Material Real Property and proceeds of the foregoing), in each case, with the priority required by the Collateral Documents 
 (e) none of the Collateral shall be subject to any Liens other than Liens permitted by Section 7.01 and 
 (f) the Collateral Agent shall have received (i) counterparts of a Mortgage with respect to any Material Real Property required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.11 (the Mortgaged Properties duly executed and delivered by the record owner of such property, (ii) a policy or policies of title insurance issued by a nationally recognized title insurance company insuring the Lien of each such Mortgage as a valid Lien on the property described therein, free of any other Liens except as expressly permitted by Section 7.01 together with such endorsements, coinsurance and reinsurance as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, (iii) such existing surveys, existing abstracts, existing appraisals and other documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request with respect to any such Mortgaged Property, provided that nothing in this clause (iii) shall require the Borrower to update existing surveys or order new surveys with respect to any Mortgaged Property and (iv) flood certificates covering each Mortgaged Property in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent, certified to the Collateral Agent in its capacity as such and certifying whether or not each such Mortgaged Property is located in a flood hazard zone by reference to the applicable FEMA map and evidence of flood insurance for any Mortgaged Property located in a flood hazard zone from a company and in an amount reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. 
 The foregoing definition shall not require, and the Loan Documents shall not contain any requirements as to, the creation or perfection of pledges of or security interests in, Mortgages on, or the obtaining of title insurance, surveys, abstracts or appraisals or taking other actions with respect to, any Excluded Assets or Excluded Equity Interests. The Collateral Agent may grant extensions of time for the perfection of security interests in or the delivery of the Mortgages and the obtaining of title insurance, surveys, abstracts and appraisals with respect to particular assets and the delivery of assets where it reasonably determines, in consultation with the Borrower, that perfection cannot be accomplished without undue effort or expense by the time or times at which it would otherwise be required by this Agreement or the Collateral Documents. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, there shall be no requirement for (and no Default or Event of Default under the Loan Documents shall arise out of the lack of) (A) actions required by the Laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction in order to create any security interests in any assets or to perfect such security interests (including any intellectual property registered in any non-U.S. jurisdiction) (it being understood that there shall be no security agreements or pledge agreements governed under the Laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction) and (B) perfecting security interests by entering into agreements with third parties (including control or similar agreements) in respect of cash and Cash Equivalents, deposit or securities accounts (other than the Cash Collateral Account) or uncertificated securities of Persons other than wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiaries directly owned by the Borrower or any Guarantor. 
 In addition, the Borrower may cause any Restricted Subsidiary that is not otherwise required to be a Guarantor to Guarantee the Obligations and otherwise satisfy the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, in which case such Restricted Subsidiary shall be treated as a Guarantor under this Agreement and every other Loan Document for all purposes. 
 Collateral Documents means, collectively, the Security Agreement, the Mortgages, each of the mortgages, Security Agreement Supplements, security agreements, pledge agreements or other similar agreements 
 15 

delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 6.11 or Section 6.13, the Guaranty and each of the other agreements, instruments or documents that creates or purports to create or affirm a Lien or Guarantee in favor of the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 
 Commitment means a Term Commitment, Term A Loan Commitment, 2021 Term B Loan Commitment, an Incremental Term Commitment of a given Incremental Series, an Extended Term Loan Commitment of a given Extension Series, an Other Term Loan Commitment, a Revolving Credit Commitment, an Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment of a given Incremental Series, an Extended Revolving Credit Commitment of a given Extension Series or Other Revolving Credit Commitment, as the context may require. 
 Committed Loan Notice means a notice of (a) a Term Borrowing, (b) a Revolving Credit Borrowing, (c) a conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, or (d) a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02(a), which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A . 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.). 
 Company Parties means the collective reference to Holdings and its Subsidiaries, including the Borrower, and Company Party means any one of them. 
 Compensation Period has the meaning specified in Section 2.13(c)(ii). 
 Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D . 
 Consolidated EBITDA means, for any period, the Consolidated Net Income for such period, plus 
 (a) without duplication, in each case (other than in the case of clause (viii)) to the extent already deducted (and not added back) in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, the sum of the following amounts for such period 
 (i) total interest expense and, to the extent not reflected in such total interest expense, any losses on Swap Contracts or other derivative instruments entered into for the purpose of hedging interest rate risk, net of interest income and gains on such Swap Contracts or other derivative instruments and costs of surety bonds in connection with financing activities, and any bank fees and financing fees (including commitment, underwriting, funding, rollover and similar fees and commissions, discounts, yields and other fees, charges and amounts incurred in connection with the issuance or incurrence of Indebtedness and all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptance financing and net costs under Swap Contracts) and annual agency, unused line, facility or similar fees paid under definitive documentation related to Indebtedness, 
 (ii) provision for Income Taxes of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries paid or accrued during such period (including tax distributions by the Borrower in respect thereof), 
 (iii) depreciation and amortization, including amortization of deferred financing fees and debt discounts, 
 (iv) Non-Cash Charges, 
 (v) reserved , 
 (vi) any costs or expenses (excluding Non-Cash Charges) incurred by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to any management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement or any stock subscription or shareholder agreement, to the extent that such costs or expenses are funded with cash proceeds contributed to the capital of the Borrower or net cash proceeds of an issuance of Equity Interests of the Borrower (other than Disqualified Equity Interests), 
 (vii) cash receipts (or reduced cash expenditures) to the extent of non-cash gains relating to such income that were deducted in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to clause (b)(i) below for any prior period, 
 (viii) the amount of run rate net cost savings, synergies and operating expense reductions (without duplication of any amounts added back pursuant to Section 1.11(c) in 
 16 

connection with a Specified Transaction) projected by the Borrower in good faith to result from actions taken, committed to be taken or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken or are expected in good faith to be taken no later than twenty-four (24) months after the end of such period (calculated on a pro forma basis as though such cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies had been realized on the first day of the period for which Consolidated EBITDA is being determined and if such cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies were realized during the entirety of such period), net of the amount of actual benefits realized during such period from such actions provided , that such cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies are reasonably identifiable and factually supportable (it is understood and agreed that run-rate means the full recurring benefit for a period that is associated with any action taken, committed to be taken or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken or are expected to be taken) provided , further , that the aggregate amount of cost savings, synergies and operating expense reductions added back pursuant to this clause (viii) and Section 1.11(c) in any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters shall not exceed an amount equal to 25 of Consolidated EBITDA for such period (calculated before giving effect to this clause (viii) and Section 1.11(c)) and 
 (ix) the amount of any minority interest consisting of Subsidiary income attributable to minority equity interests of third parties in any non-wholly owned Restricted Subsidiary except to the extent of cash dividends declared or paid on Equity Interests of such non-wholly owned Restricted Subsidiaries held by third parties, less 
 (b) without duplication, in each case to the extent included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, the sum of the following amounts for such period 
 (i) non-cash gains increasing Consolidated Net Income for such period, excluding any non-cash gains that represent the reversal of an accrual or reserve for any anticipated cash charges in any prior period (other than any such accrual or reserve that has been added back to Consolidated Net Income in calculating Consolidated EBITDA in accordance with this definition), and 
 (ii) any non-cash gains with respect to cash actually received in a prior period unless such cash did not increase Consolidated EBITDA in a prior period, 
 in each case, as determined on a consolidated basis for the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 For the purpose of the definition of Consolidated EBITDA, Non-Cash Charges means (a) any impairment charge or asset write-off or write-down related to intangible assets, long-lived assets and other assets, and investments in debt and equity securities pursuant to GAAP, (b) stock-based awards compensation expense including, but not limited to, non-cash charges, expenses or write-downs arising from stock options, stock appreciation or other similar rights, restricted stock or other equity incentive programs, and (c) other non-cash charges, expenses or write-downs provided that if any non-cash charges, expenses and write-downs referred to in this paragraph represent an accrual or reserve for potential cash items in any future period, (1) the Borrower may determine not to add back such non-cash charge in the current period and (2) to the extent the Borrower does decide to add back such non-cash charge, the cash payment in respect thereof in such future period shall be subtracted from Consolidated EBITDA to such extent, and excluding amortization of a prepaid cash item that was paid in a prior period). 
 Consolidated First Lien Net Debt means, as of any date of determination, (a) any Indebtedness described in clause (a) of Consolidated Total Debt outstanding on such date that is secured by a Lien on any asset or property of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, but excluding any such Indebtedness in which the applicable Liens are junior to the Liens securing the Obligations minus (b) the aggregate amount of cash and Cash Equivalents (in each case, free and clear of all Liens, other than nonconsensual Liens permitted by Section 7.01 and Liens permitted by Sections 7.01(a), 7.01(l), 7.01(bb) (to the extent pari passu with or junior to the Liens securing the Obligations), 7.01(cc) and 7.01(dd) and clauses (i) and (ii) of Section 7.01(t)) included in the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries as of such date provided that for purposes of determining the Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio for purposes of Sections 2.16(d)(iv) and 7.03(u) only, any cash proceeds of any Incremental Facility proposed to be drawn thereunder or Incremental Equivalent Debt proposed to be incurred will not be considered cash or Cash Equivalents under clause (b) hereof and the full amount of any Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments proposed to be established shall be deemed to be Indebtedness outstanding on such date. 
 Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated First Lien Net Debt as of such date to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the most recent 
 17 

Test Period. For purposes of this definition, for the avoidance of doubt, Consolidated EBITDA as used in this definition will be calculated without giving effect to any revenue-related addbacks relating to the COVID-19 virus outbreak. 
 Consolidated Interest Expense means, for any period, the sum of (i) the interest expense (including that attributable to Capitalized Leases), net of interest income, of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, and limited to such interest paid or payable in cash or received or receivable in cash during such period, with respect to all outstanding Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, including all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptance financing, (ii) net payments, if any, made (less net payments, if any, received) pursuant to Swap Contracts with respect to Indebtedness, (iii) any cash payments made during such period in respect of the interest expense on such obligations referred to in clause (b) below relating to Funded Debt that were amortized or accrued in a previous period (other than any such obligations resulting from the discounting of Indebtedness in connection with the application of purchase accounting in connection with any acquisition consummated prior to the 2021 Effective Date or any Permitted Acquisition) and (iv) from and after the date that a Holdings Restricted Payments Election is made, the amount of all Restricted Payments made pursuant to Section 7.06(c) from the Borrower to Holdings to fund cash interest payments by Holdings, but excluding, however, (a) amortization of deferred financing costs and any other amounts of non-cash interest, (b) the accretion or accrual of discounted liabilities during such period, (c) all non-recurring cash interest expense consisting of liquidated damages for failure to timely comply with registration rights obligations and financing fees, all as calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, (d) fees and expenses associated with the consummation of the Transaction, (e) annual agency fees paid to the Administrative Agent and or Collateral Agent, (f) any prepayment premium or penalty, (g) any interest expense or other fees or charges incurred with respect to any Escrowed Obligations (for the avoidance of doubt, so long as such Escrowed Obligations are held in escrow) and (h) costs associated with obtaining Swap Contracts and breakage costs in respect of Swap Contracts provided that there shall be excluded from Consolidated Interest Expense for any period the cash interest expense (or income) of all Unrestricted Subsidiaries for such period to the extent otherwise included in Consolidated Interest Expense. 
 Consolidated Net Income means, for any period, the net income (loss) of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, excluding, without duplication 
 (a) extraordinary items, 
 (b) unusual or non-recurring gains or losses, charges or expenses (including relating to the Transaction) and any charges, losses or expenses related to signing, retention or completion bonuses or recruiting costs, severance, relocation costs, curtailments or modifications to pension and post-retirement employee benefit plans, and pre-opening, opening, closing and consolidation costs and expenses with respect to any facilities, costs and expenses relating to any registration statement, or registered exchange offer in respect of any Indebtedness permitted hereunder, integration and systems establishment costs, and cash restructuring charges or reserves (including restructuring costs related to acquisitions after the Closing Date) 
 (c) the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles during such period to the extent included in Consolidated Net Income, 
 (d) Transaction Expenses, 
 (e) any fees and expenses incurred during such period, or any amortization thereof for such period, in connection with any acquisition, investment, asset disposition, issuance or repayment of debt, issuance of equity securities, refinancing transaction or amendment or other modification of any debt instrument (in each case, including any such transaction consummated prior to the 2021 Effective Date and any such transaction undertaken but not completed), 
 (f) reserved , 
 (g) accruals and reserves that are established within twelve months after the 2021 Effective Date that are so required to be established as a result of the Transaction in accordance with GAAP, 
 (h) any unrealized net gains and losses (after any offset) resulting from Swap Contracts or embedded derivatives that require similar accounting treatment and the application of Accounting Standards Codification Topic No. 815, Derivatives and Hedging , 
 18 

(i) any after-tax gains or losses on disposal of disposed, abandoned or discontinued operations and any after-tax effect of gains and losses (less all fees and expenses related thereto) attributable to asset dispositions other than in the ordinary course of business, 
 (j) any net income (loss) for such period of any Person that is not a Subsidiary, or that is an Unrestricted Subsidiary, or that is accounted for by the equity method of accounting, provided that Consolidated Net Income shall be increased by the amount of dividends or distributions that are actually paid in cash (or converted into cash) to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in respect of such net income in such period, 
 (k) to the extent (1) covered by insurance under which the insurer has been properly notified and has affirmed or consented to coverage in writing, expenses with respect to liability or casualty events, and (2) actually reimbursed in cash, expenses incurred to the extent covered by indemnification provisions in any agreement in connection with the Transaction or a Permitted Acquisition, and 
 (l) the following items shall be excluded 
 (i) any net unrealized gain or loss (after any offset) resulting in such period from currency transaction or translation gains or losses including those related to currency remeasurements of Indebtedness (including any net loss or gain resulting from (A) Swap Contracts for currency exchange risk and (B) resulting from intercompany indebtedness) and any other foreign currency transaction or translation gains and losses, to the extent such gain or losses are non-cash items 
 (ii) any adjustments resulting from the application of Accounting Standards Codification Topic No. 460, Guarantees , or any comparable regulation 
 (iii) any net after-tax income (loss) from the early extinguishment of Indebtedness or Swap Contracts or other derivative instruments and (iv) earn-out and contingent consideration obligations (including to the extent accounted for as bonuses or otherwise) and adjustments thereof and purchase price adjustments. 
 There shall be excluded from Consolidated Net Income for any period the purchase accounting effects of adjustments, including to property, equipment, inventory and software and other intangible assets (including favorable and unfavorable leases and contracts) and deferred revenue in component amounts required or permitted by GAAP and related authoritative pronouncements (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries), as a result of any acquisition consummated prior to or after the 2021 Effective Date (including any Permitted Acquisitions), or the amortization, write-off or write-down of any amounts thereof. 
 In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, Consolidated Net Income shall include, without duplication, the amount of proceeds received or due from business interruption insurance (or third party or governmental payments of a similar nature or replacing lost revenue) or government support payments (other than loans, to the extent not forgivable). 
 Consolidated Senior Secured Net Debt means, as of any date of determination, any Indebtedness described in clause (a) of Consolidated Total Debt outstanding on such date that is secured by a Lien on any asset or property of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, minus (b) the aggregate amount of cash and Cash Equivalents (in each case, free and clear of all Liens, other than nonconsensual Liens permitted by Section 7.01 and Liens permitted by Sections 7.01(a), 7.01(l), 7.01(bb) (to the extent pari passu with or junior to the Liens securing the Obligations), 7.01(cc) and 7.01(dd) and clauses (i) and (ii) of Section 7.01(t) included in the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries as of such date. 
 Consolidated Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Senior Secured Net Debt as of such date to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the most recent Test Period. 
 Consolidated Total Debt means, as of any date of determination, (a) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries outstanding on such date, in an amount that would be reflected on a balance sheet prepared as of such date on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (but excluding the effects of any discounting of Indebtedness resulting from the application of purchase accounting in connection with any Permitted Acquisition), consisting of Indebtedness for borrowed money, obligations in respect of Capitalized Leases, debt obligations evidenced by promissory notes or similar instruments, unreimbursed drawings in respect of letters of credit (or similar facilities) and Guarantees of the foregoing, minus (b) the aggregate 
 19 

amount of cash and Cash Equivalents (in each case, free and clear of all Liens, other than nonconsensual Liens permitted by Section 7.01 and Liens permitted by Sections 7.01(a), 7.01(l), 7.01(bb) (to the extent pari passu with or junior to the Liens securing the Obligations), 7.01(cc) and 7.01(dd) and clauses (i) and (ii) of Section 7.01(t)) included in the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries as of such date provided , that for purposes of determining the Total Net Leverage Ratio for purposes of Sections 2.16(d)(iv) and 7.03(u) only, any cash proceeds of any Incremental Facility proposed to be drawn thereunder or Incremental Equivalent Debt proposed to be incurred will not be considered cash or Cash Equivalents under clause (b) hereof and the full amount of any Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments proposed to be established shall be deemed to be Indebtedness outstanding on such date. 
 Consolidated Working Capital means, at any date, the excess of (a) the sum of all amounts (other than cash and Cash Equivalents) that would, in conformity with GAAP, be set forth opposite the caption total current assets (or any like caption) on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries at such date over (b) the sum of all amounts that would, in conformity with GAAP, be set forth opposite the caption total current liabilities (or any like caption) on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries on such date but excluding, in the case of clauses (a) and (b) above, without duplication, (i) the current portion of any Funded Debt, (ii) all Indebtedness consisting of Loans and L C Obligations to the extent otherwise included therein, (iii) the current portion of accrued interest, (iv) the current portion of current and deferred income taxes and (v) deferred revenue. 
 Contract Consideration has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(b)(i)(B)(5). 
 Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
 Control has the meaning specified in the definition of Affiliate . 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 Covered Entity has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.26(b). 
 Covered Party has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.26(a). 
 Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness means any (a) Permitted Pari Passu Secured Refinancing Debt, (b) Permitted Junior Secured Refinancing Debt, (c) Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt or (d) other Indebtedness (including unused commitments) incurred pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment, in each case, issued, incurred or otherwise obtained (including by means of the extension or renewal of existing Indebtedness) in exchange for, or to extend, renew, replace, repurchase, retire or refinance, in whole or part, existing Loans or Commitments hereunder, or any then-existing Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness Refinanced Debt provided that 
 (i) such exchanging, extending, renewing, replacing, repurchasing, retiring or refinancing Indebtedness (including unused commitments) is in an original aggregate principal amount not greater than the aggregate principal amount of the Refinanced Debt (including unused commitments) except by an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest and premium (including tender premium) and penalties thereon plus upfront fees and original issue discount on such exchanging, extending, renewing, replacing, repurchasing, retiring or refinancing Indebtedness, plus other customary fees and expenses in connection with such exchange, extension, renewal, replacement, repurchase, retirement or refinancing 
 (ii) (A) such Indebtedness (other than Revolving Credit Commitments) has a final maturity no earlier than the Maturity Date of, and a Weighted Average Life to Maturity no shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of, the Refinanced Debt as originally in effect prior to any amortization or prepayments thereto and (B) such Indebtedness if consisting of Revolving Credit Commitments, have a maturity no earlier than, and do not have any commitment reductions that are not applicable to, the Refinanced Debt (except for commitment reductions applicable only to the period after the maturity date of the Refinanced Debt) 
 (iii) the terms and conditions of such Indebtedness (except as otherwise provided in clause (ii) above and with respect to pricing, fees, premiums and optional prepayment or redemption terms) (A) reflect market terms and conditions at the time of issuance (as determined by the Borrower in good faith), (B) are not materially more restrictive (taken as a whole) than those set forth in this Agreement (except for 
 20 

covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness and any Previously Absent Financial Maintenance Covenant provided the Administrative Agent is given prompt written notice of such Previously Absent Financial Maintenance Covenant and this Agreement is modified on or prior to the date of the incurrence (it being understood the consent of the Required Lenders shall not be required for such modification) of such exchanging, extending, renewing, replacing, repurchasing, retiring or refinancing Indebtedness to include such Previously Absent Financial Maintenance Covenant for the benefit of each Facility provided , however , that if (I) both the applicable Refinanced Debt and the applicable exchanging, extending, renewing, replacing, repurchasing, retiring or refinancing Indebtedness include a revolving credit facility and or a term A loan facility (whether or not the documentation therefor includes any other facilities) and (II) the applicable Previously Absent Financial Maintenance Covenant is a financial maintenance covenant solely for the benefit of the revolving credit facility and or term A loan facility thereunder, the Previously Absent Financial Maintenance Covenant shall not be required to be included in this Agreement for the benefit of the Term B Loan Facility hereunder but shall be included for the benefit of the Revolving Credit Facility and or the Term A Loan Facility hereunder, as applicable)), (C) are only applicable to periods after the Latest Maturity Date at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness or (D) are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent provided that, at the Borrower s election, to the extent any term or provision is added for the benefit of (X) the lenders of any such Indebtedness that consists of term B facilities, no consent shall be required from the Administrative Agent or the Lenders to the extent that such term or provision is also added, or the features of such term or provision are provided, for the benefit of the Term B Loan Facility (and, for the avoidance of doubt, such term shall be deemed reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) or (Y) the lenders of any such Indebtedness that consists of revolving credit facilities or term A facilities, no consent shall be required from the Administrative Agent or the Lenders to the extent that such term or provision is also added, or the features of such term or provision are provided, for the benefit of the Lenders of the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term A Loan Facility (and, for the avoidance of doubt, such term shall be deemed reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent provided , further , that a certificate of a Responsible Officer delivered to the Administrative Agent at least five (5) Business Days prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness, together with a reasonably detailed description of the material terms and conditions of such Indebtedness or drafts of the documentation relating thereto, stating that the Borrower has determined in good faith that such terms and conditions satisfy the requirement of this clause (iii) shall be conclusive evidence that such terms and conditions satisfy such requirement unless the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower within such five (5) Business Day period that it disagrees with such determination (including a description of the basis upon which it disagrees) and 
 (iv) such Refinanced Debt (including unused commitments) shall be repaid, repurchased, retired, defeased, terminated or satisfied and discharged, and all accrued interest, fees, premiums (if any) and penalties in connection therewith shall be paid, on the date such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness is issued, incurred or obtained. 
 Credit Extension means each of the following (a) a Borrowing and (b) an L C Credit Extension. 
 Currency Due has the meaning specified in Section 10.24. 
 Cumulative Growth Amount shall mean, on any date of determination, the sum of, without duplication, 
 (A) the greater of 100,000,000 and 40 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period as of such time determined on a Pro Forma Basis plus 
 (B) an amount equal to 50 of Consolidated Net Income of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries for the period (taken as one accounting period) beginning on the first day of the fiscal quarter containing the 2016 Effective Date to the end of the most recently ended Test Period, or, in the case such Consolidated Net Income for such period is a deficit, minus 100.0 of such deficit, provided that, for purposes of Sections 7.06(j) and 7.13(a)(v), the amount in this clause (A) shall only be available if the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries shall be in Pro Forma Compliance with the Financial Covenant after giving effect to any such Restricted Payment or prepayment, redemption or repurchase actually made pursuant to Sections 7.06(j) or 7.13(a)(v) plus 
 (C) the amount of Net Cash Proceeds from the sale of Equity Interests of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent of Holdings) (other than Excluded Contributions, amounts in respect of a issuance of Equity Interests made pursuant to Section 8.05 and issuances of Disqualified Equity Interests) or capital contributions to Holdings or any direct or indirect parent of Holdings after the 2016 Effective Date to the 
 21 

extent that such Net Cash Proceeds or capital contributions shall have been actually received by the Borrower (through a capital contribution of such Net Cash Proceeds by Holdings to the Borrower) on or prior to such date of determination and to the extent not used to make payments under Section 7.03(j) or make Restricted Payments pursuant to Section 7.06(g), plus 
 (D) the amount of Net Cash Proceeds from the issuance of Indebtedness by Holdings or any direct or indirect parent company of Holdings after the 2016 Effective Date to the extent that such Net Cash Proceeds shall have been actually received by the Borrower (through a capital contribution of such Net Cash Proceeds by Holdings to the Borrower) on or prior to such date of determination, plus 
 (E) Borrower Retained Prepayment Amounts, plus 
 (F) an amount equal to the aggregate Returns (not to exceed the original amount of such Investment) in respect of any Investment made since the 2016 Effective Date pursuant to Section 7.02(o) to the extent that such Returns did not increase Consolidated Net Income, minus 
 (G) the sum at the time of determination of (i) the aggregate amount of Investments made since the 2016 Effective Date pursuant to Section 7.02(o), (ii) the aggregate amount of Restricted Payments made since the 2016 Effective Date pursuant to Section 7.06(j) and (iii) the aggregate amount of prepayments, redemptions or repurchases made since the 2016 Effective Date pursuant to Section 7.13(a)(v). 
 Cure Amount has the meaning specified in Section 8.05(a). 
 Cure Expiration Date has the meaning specified in Section 8.05(a). 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such day SOFR Determination Date that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. 
 Daily Simple SONIA means, for any day (a SONIA Interest Day ), an interest rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) SONIA for the day that is five (5) SONIA Business Days prior to (A) if such SONIA Interest Day is a SONIA Business Day, such SONIA Interest Day or (B) if such SONIA Interest Day is not a SONIA Business Day, the SONIA Business Day immediately preceding such SONIA Interest Day and (b) 0.00 . Any change in Daily Simple SONIA due to a change in SONIA shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SONIA without notice to the Borrower. 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which may include a lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for business loans provided, that if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
 Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. 
 Default Rate means an interest rate equal to (a) the Base Rate plus (b) the Applicable Rate, if any, applicable to ABR Loans plus (c) 2.0 per annum provided that with respect to a Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan, the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable Rate) otherwise applicable to such Loan plus 2.0 per annum, in each case, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
 Default Right has the meaning specified in Section 10.26(b). 
 22 

Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.18(b), any Lender that, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, (a) has failed to perform any of its funding obligations hereunder, including in respect of its Loans, participations in L C Obligations or participations in Swing Line Loans required to be funded by it hereunder within one (1) Business Day of the date required to be funded by it hereunder, unless the subject of a good faith dispute, (b) has otherwise failed to pay over to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within one (1) Business Day of the date when due, unless the subject of a good faith dispute, (c) has notified the Administrative Agent that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations or has made a public statement to that effect with respect to its funding obligations hereunder or under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (d) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after request by the Administrative Agent, to confirm in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that it will comply with its funding obligations hereunder, (e) at any time after the 2021 Effective Date has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or a custodian appointed for it, or (iii) taken any action in furtherance of, or indicated its consent to, approved of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment provided that for the avoidance of doubt, a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of (x) the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority or (y) in the case of a Solvent Lender, the precautionary appointment of an administrator, guardian, custodian or similar official by a Governmental Authority under or based on the Law of the country where such Lender is subject to home jurisdiction supervision if applicable Law requires that such appointment not be publicly disclosed, in any such case, where such action does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdictions of courts within the United States of America or from enforcement of judgments or writs or attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Lender or (f) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, become the subject of a Bail-In Action. 
 Denomination Date means, in relation to any Alternative Currency Borrowing, the date that is three Business Days before the date such Borrowing is made. 
 Designated Non-Cash Consideration means the Fair Market Value of non-cash consideration received by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in connection with a Disposition pursuant to Section 7.05(k) that is designated as Designated Non-Cash Consideration pursuant to a certificate of a Responsible Officer, setting forth the basis of such valuation (which amount will be reduced by the Fair Market Value of the portion of the non-cash consideration converted to cash or Cash Equivalents following the consummation of the applicable Disposition). 
 Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(a)(iv)(B)(2). 
 Discount Range has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(a)(iv)(C)(1). 
 Discount Range Prepayment Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(a)(iv)(C)(1). 
 Discount Range Prepayment Notice means a written notice of a Borrower Solicitation of Discount Range Prepayment Offers made pursuant to Section 2.06(a)(iv)(C) substantially in the form of Exhibit K . 
 Discount Range Prepayment Offer means the irrevocable written offer by a Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit L , submitted in response to an invitation to submit offers following the Auction Agent s receipt of a Discount Range Prepayment Notice. 
 Discount Range Prepayment Response Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(a)(iv)(C)(1). 
 Discount Range Proration has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(a)(iv)(C)(3). 
 Discounted Prepayment Determination Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(a)(iv)(D)(3). 
 Discounted Prepayment Effective Date means in the case of a Borrower Offer of Specified Discount Prepayment, Borrower Solicitation of Discount Range Prepayment Offer or Borrower Solicitation of Discounted Prepayment Offer, five (5) Business Days following the Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date, the Discount Range Prepayment Response Date or the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Response Date, as applicable, in accordance with Section 2.06(a)(iv)(B)(1), Section 2.06(a)(iv)(C)(1) or Section 2.06(a)(iv)(D)(1), respectively, unless a shorter period is agreed to between the Borrower and the Auction Agent. 
 23 

Discounted Term Loan Prepayment has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(a)(iv)(A). 
 Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction and any sale of Equity Interests) of any property by any Person, including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith provided that Disposition and Dispose shall not include any issuance by Holdings of any of its Equity Interests to another Person. 
 Disqualified Equity Interests means any Equity Interest which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interests into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (except as a result of a change of control or asset sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a change of control or asset sale event shall be subject to the prior repayment in full of the Loans and all other Obligations that are accrued and payable and the termination of the Commitments and the termination of all outstanding Letters of Credit (unless the Outstanding Amount of the L C Obligations related thereto has been Cash Collateralized, back-stopped by a letter of credit reasonably satisfactory to the applicable L C Issuer or deemed reissued under another agreement reasonably acceptable to the applicable L C Issuer)), (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests and other than as a result of a change of control or asset sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a change of control or asset sale event shall be subject to the prior repayment in full of the Loans and all other Obligations that are accrued and payable and the termination of the Commitments and the termination of all outstanding Letters of Credit (unless the Outstanding Amount of the L C Obligations related thereto has been Cash Collateralized, back-stopped by a letter of credit reasonably satisfactory to the applicable L C Issuer or deemed reissued under another agreement reasonably acceptable to the applicable L C Issuer)), in whole or in part, (c) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends in cash, or (d) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable for Indebtedness or any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, in each case, prior to the date that is ninety-one (91) days after the Latest Maturity Date at the time of the issuance of such Equity Interests. 
 Disqualified Institutions means, collectively, (x) those banks, financial institutions and other institutional lenders that have been separately identified in writing by the Borrower to the Joint Lead Arrangers in writing prior to November 17, 2021 or (y) (i) competitors of the Borrower and or (ii) direct or indirect parent entities (or subsidiaries thereof) or subsidiaries of such competitors (in each case, other than any bona fide debt fund affiliates), in each case of this clause (y), designated in writing by the Borrower to the Joint Lead Arrangers prior to the 2021 Effective Date (or, for competitors that are operating companies and their Affiliates from to time thereafter, identified by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent) (without retroactive effect), and in the case of this clause (y), inclusive of any Affiliates thereof that are reasonably identifiable solely on the basis of the similarity of its name or otherwise identified in writing by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent (other than financial investors in competitors that are not operating companies or Affiliates of operating companies and other than bona fide diversified debt funds) provided that (I) the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to carry out due diligence in order to identify such Affiliates, (II) the Administrative Agent may make available to any Lender or prospective Lender, upon the request of such Lender or prospective Lender, the list of Disqualified Institutions and (III) a Lender may request to remove an entity from the list of Disqualified Institutions by submitting to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent conclusive evidence that such entity is outside the scope of clause (y) hereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Loan Party and the Lenders acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent shall not have any responsibility or obligation to determine whether any Lender or prospective Lender is a Disqualified Institution and the Administrative Agent shall have no liability with respect to any assignment made, or any information made available, to a Disqualified Institution by any Lender in violation hereof. 
 Distressed Agent-Related Person has the meaning specified in the definition of Agent-Related Distress Event . 
 Dollar and mean lawful money of the United States. 
 Dollar Equivalent means, at any time 
 (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, such amount and 
 (b) with respect to any amount denominated in an Alternative Currency, on any date, the equivalent amount thereof in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent or the L C Issuer, as the case may be, at such time on the basis of the Spot Rate for the purchase of Dollars with such Alternative Currency. 
 24 

Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the Laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia. 
 Early Opt-in Election means, if the then current Benchmark with respect to Dollars is LIBO Rate, the occurrence of 
 (1) a notification by the Administrative Agent to (or the request by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent to notify) each of the other parties hereto that at least five currently outstanding Dollar denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed) a SOFR-based rate (including SOFR, a term SOFR or any other rate based upon SOFR) as a benchmark rate (and such syndicated credit facilities are identified in such notice and are publicly available for review), and 
 (2) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to trigger a fallback from LIBO Rate and the provision, as applicable, by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Borrower and the Lenders. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any institution established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clause (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Eligible Assignee means any Assignee permitted by and consented to in accordance with Section 10.07(b). 
 Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 
 Environmental Laws means any and all Federal, state, local and foreign statutes, Laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution, the protection of the environment, natural resources, or, to the extent relating to exposure to Hazardous Materials, human health or to the release of any materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous substances or wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems. 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities) directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Environmental Permit means any permit, approval, identification number, license or other authorization required under any Environmental Law. 
 Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares, interests, rights, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests or units in) such Person and all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase, acquisition or exchange from such Person of any of the foregoing (including through convertible securities). 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that is under common control with any Loan Party within the meaning of Section 414 of the Code or Section 4001 of ERISA. 
 25 

ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan (b) a withdrawal by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan pursuant to Section 4063, 4203 or 4205 of ERISA or written notification that a Multiemployer Plan is insolvent or in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Section 305 of ERISA (d) the filing of a written notice of intent to terminate a Pension Plan, the treatment of a Plan amendment as a termination under Sections 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings in writing by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan (e) an event or condition which would reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan (f) the failure of any Pension Plan to satisfy the minimum funding standard required for any plan year or part thereof under Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA or a waiver of such standard or extension of any amortization period is sought or granted under Section 412 of the Code or Section 303 or 304 of ERISA or (g) the imposition of a Lien under Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 or 4068 of ERISA on any property of any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate. 
 Escrow has the meaning provided in the definition of Indebtedness. 
 Escrowed Obligations has the meaning provided in the definition of Indebtedness. 
 Escrowed Proceeds means the proceeds from the offering of any debt securities or other Indebtedness paid into an escrow account with an escrow agent on the date of the applicable offering or incurrence pursuant to escrow arrangements that permit the release of amounts on deposit in such escrow account upon satisfaction of certain conditions or the occurrence of certain events. The term Escrowed Proceeds shall include any interest earned on the amounts held in escrow. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 EURIBOR Rate means, for any Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros and for any Interest Period, the EURIBOR Screen Rate, two TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. 
 EURIBOR Screen Rate means the euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other Person which takes over the administration of that rate) for the relevant period displayed (before any correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator) on page EURIBOR01 of the Thomson Reuters screen (or any replacement Thomson Reuters page which displays that rate) or on the appropriate page of such other information service which publishes that rate from time to time in place of Thomson Reuters as published at approximately 11 00 a.m. Brussels time two TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. If such page or service ceases to be available, the Administrative Agent may specify another page or service displaying the relevant rate after consultation with the Borrower. If the EURIBOR Screen Rate shall be less than 0.00 , the EURIBOR Screen Rate shall be deemed to be 0.00 for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Euro means the lawful single currency of the Participating Member States. 
 Eurocurrency Rate when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate or the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate. 
 Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01. 
 Excess Cash Flow means, for any period, an amount equal to the excess of 
 (a) the sum, without duplication, of 
 (i) Consolidated Net Income, 
 (ii) depreciation, amortization and other non-cash charges and expenses incurred during such period, to the extent deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, but excluding any such non-cash charges and expenses representing an accrual or reserve for potential items in any future period and excluding amortization of a prepaid cash item that was paid in a prior period, 
 26 

(iii) decreases in Consolidated Working Capital for such period (other than any such decreases arising from acquisitions and non-ordinary course Dispositions by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries completed during such period), 
 (iv) an amount equal to the aggregate net non-cash loss on Dispositions by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries during such period (other than Dispositions in the ordinary course of business) to the extent deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, 
 (v) an amount equal to all cash received for such period on account of any net non-cash gain or income from Investments deducted in a previous period pursuant to clause (b)(iii)(B) below in this definition, and 
 (vi) an amount deducted as tax expense in determining Consolidated Net Income to the extent in excess of cash taxes paid in such period, over 
 (b) the sum, without duplication, of 
 (i) an amount equal to all non-cash credits included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income and cash losses, charges and expenses excluded by virtue of the definition of Consolidated Net Income, 
 (ii) the aggregate amount of all principal payments of Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries (including (A) the principal component of payments in respect of Capitalized Leases, (B) the amount of all scheduled principal payments of Term Loans made pursuant to Section 2.08(a) and (b), and (C) the amount of any mandatory prepayment of Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.06(b)(ii) to the extent required due to a Disposition that resulted in an increase to Consolidated Net Income and not in excess of the amount of such increase, but excluding (X) all other prepayments of Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.06 (except as set forth above), and (Y) all prepayments of Revolving Credit Loans and Swing Line Loans made during such period (other than in respect of any revolving credit facility to the extent there is an equivalent permanent reduction in commitments thereunder)) to the extent financed with Internally Generated Cash, 
 (iii) an amount equal to the sum of (A) the aggregate net non-cash gain on Dispositions by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries during such period (other than Dispositions in the ordinary course of business) to the extent included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income and (B) the aggregate net non-cash gain or income from Investments to the extent included in arriving at Consolidated Net Income, 
 (iv) increases in Consolidated Working Capital for such period (other than any such increases arising from acquisitions and non-ordinary course Dispositions by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries during such period), 
 (v) cash payments by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries during such period in respect of long-term liabilities of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries other than Indebtedness, 
 (vi) the aggregate amount of expenditures actually made by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in cash during such period (including expenditures for the payment of financing fees) to the extent that such expenditures were not expensed during such period, 
 (vii) the aggregate amount of any premium, make-whole or penalty payments actually paid in cash by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries during such period that are required to be made in connection with any prepayment of Indebtedness, 
 (viii) the amount of cash taxes paid and, without duplication, cash distributions for payment of taxes, in such period to the extent they exceed the amount of tax expense deducted in determining Consolidated Net Income for such period, and 
 (ix) cash expenditures made in respect of Swap Contracts to the extent not reflected in the computation of Consolidated Net Income for such period. 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 27 

Exchange Rate means on any day with respect to any currency other than Dollars, the rate at which such currency may be exchanged into Dollars, as set forth at approximately 11 00 a.m. (London time) on such day on the Reuters World Currency Page for such currency in the event that such rate does not appear on any Reuters World Currency Page, the Exchange Rate shall be determined by reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates as may be agreed upon by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, or, in the absence of such agreement, such Exchange Rate shall instead be the arithmetic average of the spot rates of exchange of the Administrative Agent in the market where its foreign currency exchange operations in respect of such currency are then being conducted, at or about 10 00 a.m. (New York City time) on such date for the purchase of Dollars for delivery two Business Days later. 
 Excluded Assets means (i) any fee-owned real property (other than Material Real Property) and any leasehold rights and leasehold interests in real property (it being understood that the Loan Documents shall not contain any requirements as to landlord waivers, estoppels and collateral access letters), (ii) motor vehicles and other assets subject to certificates of title to the extent that a security interest therein cannot be perfected by the filing of a UCC-1 financing statement, (iii) commercial tort claims where the amount of damages claimed by the applicable Loan Party is less than 5,000,000, (iv) any governmental licenses or state or local franchises, charters and authorizations to the extent that the Collateral Agent may not validly possess a security interest therein under applicable Laws (including rules and regulations of any Governmental Authority or agency) or the pledge or creation of a security interest in which would require governmental consent, approval, license or authorization, other than to the extent such prohibition, limitation or restriction is ineffective under the UCC or other applicable Laws, (v) any particular asset or right under contract, if the pledge thereof or the security interest therein (A) is prohibited by applicable Law other than to the extent such prohibition is rendered ineffective under the UCC or other applicable Laws or (B) to the extent and for as long as it would violate the terms of any written agreement, license, lease or similar arrangement with respect to such asset or would require consent, approval, license or authorization (in each case, after giving effect to the relevant provisions of the UCC or other applicable Laws) or would give rise to a termination right (in favor of a Person other than Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary) pursuant to any change of control or other similar provision under such written agreement, license, lease or similar arrangement (except to the extent such provision is overridden by the UCC or other applicable Laws), (vi) (A) Margin Stock, (B) Equity Interests in any Captive Insurance Subsidiary and (C) Equity Interests (1) in any non-wholly owned Restricted Subsidiaries, but only to the extent that, and for so long as, (x) the Organization Documents or other agreements with respect to the Equity Interests of such non-wholly owned Restricted Subsidiaries with other equity holders (other than any such agreement where all of the equity holders party thereto are Loan Parties or Subsidiaries thereof) do not permit or restrict the pledge of such Equity Interests, or (y) the pledge of such Equity Interests (including any exercise of remedies) would result in a change of control, repurchase obligation or other adverse consequence to any of the Loan Parties or such Restricted Subsidiary (other than the loss of such Equity Interests as a result of any such exercise of remedies) and (2) of Immaterial Subsidiaries, (vii) any lease, license or agreement or any property subject to a purchase money security interest, capital lease obligation or similar arrangement, in each case to the extent that a grant of a security interest therein would violate or invalidate such lease, license or agreement or purchase money or similar arrangement or create a right of termination in favor of any other party thereto (other than Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary) after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC or other applicable Laws, other than proceeds and receivables thereof, the assignment of which is expressly deemed effective under the UCC or other applicable Laws notwithstanding such prohibition, (viii) any assets if the creation or perfection of pledges of, or security interests in, such assets would result in material adverse tax consequences to Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, as reasonably determined by the Borrower in consultation with the Administrative Agent, (ix) letter of credit rights where the maximum amount of any such letter of credit is less than 5,000,000, except to the extent constituting a support obligation for other Collateral as to which perfection of the security interest in such other Collateral is accomplished solely by the filing of a UCC financing statement, (x) any intent-to-use trademark application prior to the filing of a Statement of Use or Amendment to Allege Use with respect thereto, to the extent, if any, that, and solely during the period, if any, in which, the grant of a security interest therein would impair the validity or enforceability of such intent-to-use trademark application under applicable federal Law, (xi) particular assets if and for so long as, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (as set forth in a written agreement between the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), the cost of obtaining a security interest in such assets exceeds the practical benefits to the Lenders afforded thereby provided , however , that Excluded Assets shall not include any proceeds, substitutions or replacements of any Excluded Assets referred to in preceding clauses (i) through (xi) (unless such proceeds, substitutions or replacements would independently constitute Excluded Assets referred to in such clauses (i) through (xi)). 
 Excluded Contribution means the amount of capital contributions to the Borrower or Net Cash Proceeds from the sale or issuance of Qualified Equity Interests of the Borrower, in each case after the Closing Date (other than any amount to the extent designated as a Cure Amount) and designated by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent as an Excluded Contribution on or promptly after the date such capital contributions are made or such Equity Interests are sold or issued. 
 28 

Excluded Equity Interests has the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement. 
 Excluded Subsidiary means (a) any Subsidiary that is not a wholly owned Subsidiary, (b) any Subsidiary that is prohibited by applicable Law or Contractual Obligation existing on the Closing Date (or, in the case of any Subsidiary acquired after the Closing Date, any Contractual Obligation in existence at the time of the acquisition of such Subsidiary but not entered into in contemplation thereof) from guaranteeing the Obligations, (c)(x) any Foreign Subsidiary and (y) any Domestic Subsidiary that is a Subsidiary of (i) a Foreign Subsidiary that is a CFC or (ii) a FSHCO, (d) any FSHCO, (e) any Restricted Subsidiary prohibited from guaranteeing the Obligations under the terms of Indebtedness assumed pursuant to Section 7.03(h)(A) provided that each such Restricted Subsidiary shall cease to be an Excluded Subsidiary under this clause (e) if such Indebtedness is repaid, (f) any Immaterial Subsidiary, (g) any special purpose securitization vehicle (or similar entity), (h) any not-for-profit Subsidiary, (i) any Captive Insurance Subsidiary and (j) any other Subsidiary with respect to which, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent (confirmed in writing by notice to the Borrower), the cost or other consequences (including any adverse Tax consequences) of providing a Guarantee shall be excessive in view of the practical benefits to be obtained by the Lenders therefrom. For avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Borrower in its sole discretion may cause any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor to Guarantee the Obligations by causing such Restricted Subsidiary to execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a Guaranty Supplement and a Security Agreement Supplement, and any such Restricted Subsidiary shall be a Guarantor, Loan Party and Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder for all purposes until such time, if any, as such Restricted Subsidiary shall be released from the Subsidiary Guaranty. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Restricted Subsidiary that is an obligor or guarantor of any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness or any Incremental Equivalent Debt shall not be an Excluded Subsidiary. 
 Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, (a) any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, as applicable, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act (determined after giving effect to any applicable keep well, support, or other agreement for the benefit of such Guarantor and any and all Guarantees of such Guarantor s Swap Obligations by other Loan Parties) at the time the Guarantee of such Guarantor, or a grant by such Guarantor of a security interest, becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or (b) any other Swap Obligation designated as an Excluded Swap Obligation of such Guarantor as specified in any agreement between the relevant Loan Parties and counterparty applicable to such Swap Obligations. If a Swap Obligation arises under a Master Agreement governing more than one Swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to Swaps for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes excluded in accordance with the first sentence of this definition. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income or net profits (however denominated), franchise (and similar) Taxes, any net-worth (and similar) Taxes (in lieu of net income Taxes) and branch profits Taxes, imposed by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the Laws of which such Recipient is organized or maintains its principal office or applicable Lending Office (b) Taxes imposed by reason of any past, current or future connection between the Recipient and a jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) other than solely as a result of entering into any Loan Document and receiving payments thereunder or enforcing any Loan Document, (c) any withholding Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction in which the Borrower is formed or organized on amounts paid or payable to or for the account of such Recipient pursuant to any Law in effect on the date on which (i) such Recipient becomes a party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 3.07) or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each such case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.01, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office, (d) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 3.01(g), (e) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA and (f) any U.S. federal backup withholding Taxes imposed under Section 3406 of the Code. 
 Existing Credit Agreement has the meaning specified in preliminary statements of this Agreement. 
 Existing Revolver Tranche has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(b). 
 Existing Term Loan Tranche has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a). 
 Expiring Credit Commitment has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(g). 
 29 

Extended Revolving Credit Commitments has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(b). 
 Extended Revolving Credit Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(b). 
 Extended Term Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a). 
 Extending Revolving Credit Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(c). 
 Extending Term Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(c). 
 Extension means the establishment of an Extension Series by amending a Loan pursuant to Section 2.15 and the applicable Extension Amendment. 
 Extension Amendment has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(d). 
 Extension Election has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(c). 
 Extension Minimum Condition means a condition to consummating any Extension that a minimum amount (to be determined and specified in the relevant Extension Request, in the Borrower s sole discretion) of any or all applicable Classes be submitted for Extension. 
 Extension Request means any Term Loan Extension Request or Revolver Extension Request, as the case may be. 
 Extension Series means any Term Loan Extension Series or Revolver Extension Series, as the case may be. 
 Facility or Facilities means the Term A Loan Facility, the Term B Loan Facility, a given Class of Incremental Term Loans, a given Extension Series of Extended Term Loans, a given Refinancing Series of Other Term Loans, the Revolving Credit Facility, a given Class of Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments, a given Extension Series of Extended Revolving Credit Commitments or any Other Revolving Credit Loan (or Commitment) as the context may require. 
 Fair Market Value means, with respect to any asset or liability, the fair market value of such asset or liability as determined by the Borrower in good faith. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and, for the avoidance of doubt, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code or otherwise pursuant to any of the foregoing. 
 FCA has the meaning specified in Section 1.14. 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate equal for each day during such period to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal Funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal Funds brokers, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the NYFRB, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal Funds brokers of recognized standing selected by the Administrative Agent. 
 Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 
 Financial Covenant has the meaning specified in Section 7.11. 
 Financial Incurrence Test has the meaning specified in Section 1.11(f). 
 First Lien Intercreditor Agreement means an intercreditor agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit R hereto (which agreement in such form or with changes immaterial to the interests of the Lenders thereto the Administrative Agent is authorized to enter into) together with any changes material to the interests of the Lenders thereto, which such changes shall be posted to the Lenders not less than five (5) Business Days before execution thereof and, if the Required Lenders shall not have objected to such changes within five (5) Business Days after posting, then the Required Lenders shall be deemed to have agreed that the Administrative Agent s entry into 
 30 

such intercreditor agreement (with such changes) is reasonable and to have consented to such intercreditor agreement (with such changes) and to the Administrative Agent s execution thereof. 
 Fixed Basket Amounts has the meaning specified in Section 1.11(f). 
 Fixed Baskets has the meaning specified in Section 1.11(f). 
 Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Adjusted LIBO Rate, LIBO Rate, Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, EURIBOR Rate or Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA, as any applicable Benchmark . 
 Foreign Casualty Event has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(b)(x). 
 Foreign Disposition has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(b)(x). 
 Foreign Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any direct or indirect Restricted Subsidiary which is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 Free and Clear Incremental Amount has the meaning specified in the definition of Available Incremental Amount . 
 FSHCO means any Domestic Subsidiary (including a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes) substantially all of whose assets consist of Equity Interests and or Indebtedness of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries that are CFCs or other FSHCOs (in each case held directly or through Subsidiaries). 
 Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course. 
 Funded Debt means all Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries for borrowed money that matures more than one (1) year from the date of its creation or matures within one (1) year from such date that is renewable or extendable, at the option of such Person, to a date more than one (1) year from such date or arises under a revolving credit or similar agreement that obligates the lender or lenders to extend credit during a period of more than one (1) year from such date, including Indebtedness in respect of the Loans. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, as in effect from time to time provided , however , that if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the Closing Date in GAAP or in the application thereof (including through conforming changes made consistent with IFRS) on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof (including through conforming changes made consistent with IFRS), then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, the amount of any Indebtedness under GAAP with respect to Capitalized Lease Obligations shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Capitalized Lease Obligations and Section 1.03(b). 
 Governmental Authority means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, administrative tribunal, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national body exercising such powers or functions, such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 Granting Lender has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(h). 
 Guarantee means, as to any Person, without duplication, (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such 
 31 

Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien) provided that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit, in either case in the ordinary course of business, or customary and reasonable indemnity obligations in effect on the 2021 Effective Date or entered into in connection with any acquisition or disposition of assets permitted under this Agreement (other than such obligations with respect to Indebtedness). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 
 Guarantors means Holdings and each Subsidiary Guarantor. 
 Guaranty means, collectively, the Holdings Guaranty and the Subsidiary Guaranty. 
 Guaranty Supplement has the meaning specified in the Guaranty. 
 Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 Hedge Bank means any Person that (a) is an Agent, Arranger, Lender or any Affiliate of an Agent, Arranger or Lender (i) with respect to each Secured Hedge Agreement outstanding on the 2021 Effective Date, on the 2021 Effective Date and (ii) with respect to any Secured Hedge Agreement entered into after the 2021 Effective Date, at any time that such Person enters into such Secured Hedge Agreement, in its capacity as a party thereto (and whether or not such Person subsequently ceases to be an Agent, Arranger, Lender or Affiliate of an Agent, Arranger or Lender), and such Person s successors and assigns and (b) is identified by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent it being understood that any such Person shall be deemed (i) to appoint the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent as its agents under the applicable Loan Documents and (ii) to agree to be bound by the provisions of Article IX, Section 10.04, Section 10.16 and any applicable Intercreditor Agreement as if it were a Lender. 
 Holdings means Bright Horizons Capital Corp., a Delaware corporation, and any successor Person thereto that directly holds all of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of the Borrower. 
 Holdings Guaranty means the Holdings Guaranty made by Holdings in favor of the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties, substantially in the form of Exhibit F . 
 Holdings Restricted Payments Election has the meaning specified in Section 7.06(c). 
 Honor Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(i). 
 Identified Participating Lenders has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(a)(iv)(C)(3). 
 Identified Qualifying Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(a)(iv)(D)(3). 
 Immaterial Subsidiary means any Restricted Subsidiary that does not, as of the last day of the most recently completed fiscal quarter of the Borrower, have assets with a value in excess of 5.0 of the consolidated total assets of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries and did not, as of the four-quarter period ending on the last day of such fiscal quarter, have revenues exceeding 5.0 of the consolidated revenues of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries provided that if (i) the aggregate assets then owned by all Restricted Subsidiaries of the Borrower that would otherwise constitute Immaterial Subsidiaries shall have a value in excess of 10.0 of the consolidated total assets of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of such fiscal quarter or (ii) the combined revenues of all Restricted Subsidiaries of the Borrower that would otherwise constitute Immaterial Subsidiaries shall exceed 10.0 of the consolidated revenues of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries for such four-quarter period, the Borrower shall redesignate one or more of such Restricted Subsidiaries to not be Immaterial Subsidiaries and comply with Section 6.11. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no 
 32 

event shall any Restricted Subsidiary that is an obligor or guarantor of (i) any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness, (ii) any Incremental Equivalent Debt, (iii) any unsecured Indebtedness, (iv) any Indebtedness that is secured on a junior basis to the Obligations or (v) any Junior Financing, in the case of preceding clauses (iii), (iv) and (v), with an aggregate principal amount in excess of the Threshold Amount in any such case be designated as an Immaterial Subsidiary. 
 Impacted LIBO Rate Interest Period has the meaning specified in the definition of LIBO Rate. 
 Income Taxes means, with respect to any Person, the foreign, federal, state and local taxes based on income or profits or capital, including state, franchise and similar taxes and withholding taxes of such Person (including any future taxes or other levies which replace or are intended to be in lieu of such taxes and any penalties and interest related to such taxes or arising from tax examinations) and the net tax expense associated with any adjustments pursuant to clauses (a) through (l) of the definition of Consolidated Net Income. 
 Incremental Amendment has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(f). 
 Incremental Commitments has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a). 
 Incremental Delayed Draw Term Commitments has the meaning specified in the definition of Available Incremental Amount . 
 Incremental Delayed Draw Term Loans has the meaning specified in the definition of Available Incremental Amount . 
 Incremental Equivalent Debt has the meaning specified in Section 7.03(u). 
 Incremental Facility means any Facility consisting of Incremental Term Loans, Incremental Revolving Loans, Incremental Term Loan Commitments and or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments. 
 Incremental Facility Closing Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(d). 
 Incremental Lenders has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(c). 
 Incremental Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(b). 
 Incremental Loan Request has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a). 
 Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a). 
 Incremental Revolving Credit Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(c). 
 Incremental Revolving Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(b). 
 Incremental Series means all Incremental Term Loans, Incremental Revolving Loans, Incremental Term Commitments or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments that are established pursuant to the same Incremental Amendment (or any subsequent Incremental Amendment to the extent that such Incremental Amendment expressly provides that the Incremental Term Loans, Incremental Revolving Loans, Incremental Term Commitments or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments provided for therein are intended to be a part of any previously established Incremental Series) and that provide for identical terms, including the same All-In Yield and amortization schedule. 
 Incremental Term A Loan Commitments has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a). 
 Incremental Term A Loan means the Loans made by an Incremental Lender pursuant to its Incremental Term A Loan Commitments. 
 Incremental Term B Loan Commitments has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a). 
 Incremental Term B Loan means the Loans made by an Incremental Lender pursuant to its Incremental Term B Loan Commitments. 
 Incremental Term Commitments has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a). 
 33 

Incremental Term Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(c). 
 Incremental Term Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(b). 
 Incurrence-Based Amounts has the meaning specified in Section 1.11(f). 
 Indebtedness means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance with GAAP 
 (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments 
 (b) the maximum amount (after giving effect to any prior drawings or reductions which may have been reimbursed) of all outstanding letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds and similar instruments issued or created by or for the account of such Person 
 (c) net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract 
 (d) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than (i) trade accounts and accrued expenses payable in the ordinary course of business, (ii) any earn-out obligation or purchase price adjustment until such obligation is not paid after becoming due and payable and such obligation is reflected as a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP and (iii) accruals for payroll and other liabilities accrued in the ordinary course of business) 
 (e) indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements and mortgage, industrial revenue bond, industrial development bond and similar financings), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse 
 (f) all Attributable Indebtedness 
 (g) all obligations of such Person in respect of Disqualified Equity Interests and 
 (h) to the extent not otherwise included above, all Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing 
 provided , that notwithstanding the foregoing, Indebtedness shall be deemed not to include 
 (1) purchase price holdbacks arising in the ordinary course of business in respect of a portion of the purchase price of an asset to satisfy warranties or other unperformed obligations of the seller of such asset and 
 (2) Non-Finance Lease Obligations. 
 For all purposes hereof, (A) the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, except to the extent such Person s liability for such Indebtedness is otherwise limited and only to the extent such Indebtedness would be included in the calculation of Consolidated Total Debt, (B) the amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date and (C) the amount of Indebtedness of any Person for purposes of clause (e) above shall be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (i) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and (ii) the Fair Market Value of the property encumbered thereby. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, other than in connection with making an LCT Election, Indebtedness will be deemed not to include obligations Escrowed Obligations incurred or otherwise outstanding in advance of, and the proceeds of which are to be applied in connection with, a transaction (including any repayment, prepayment or redemption of Indebtedness as to which a notice thereof has been delivered to the applicable holders thereof), solely to the extent that the proceeds thereof are and continue to be held in an escrow, trust, collateral or similar account or arrangement (collectively, an Escrow and are not otherwise made available for any other purpose (it being understood that in any event, any such proceeds held in such Escrow shall be deemed to represent restricted cash for purposes of calculating the Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, Consolidated Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio or Total Net Leverage Ratio) provided that upon the release of the proceeds of 
 34 

Escrowed Obligations from such Escrow such obligations, to the extent outstanding after such release, shall constitute Indebtedness that is incurred on such date. 
 Indemnified Liabilities has the meaning specified in Section 10.05. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitees has the meaning specified in Section 10.05. 
 Independent Financial Advisor means an accounting firm, appraisal firm, investment banking firm or consultant of nationally recognized standing that is, in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, qualified to perform the task for which it has been engaged and that is disinterested with respect to the applicable transaction. 
 Information has the meaning specified in Section 10.08. 
 Intercompany Note means the Intercompany Note, substantially in the form of Exhibit J . 
 Intercreditor Agreements means the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement and the Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement, collectively, in each case to the extent in effect. 
 Interest Coverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, with respect to the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the ratio of (a) Consolidated EBITDA for the most recent Test Period to (b) Consolidated Interest Expense for the most recent Test Period. 
 Interest Election Request means a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Revolving Credit Borrowing in accordance with this Agreement. 
 Interest Payment Date means, (a) as to any Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date of the Facility under which such Loan was made provided that if any Interest Period for a Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan exceeds three months, the respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates (b) as to any ABR Loan (including a Swing Line Loan), the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date of the Facility under which such Loan was made and (c) as to any SONIA Rate Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month) and the Maturity Date of the Facility under which such Loan was made. 
 Interest Period means, as to each Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan, the period commencing on the date such Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan and ending on the date one, three or six months thereafter , or to the extent agreed to by each Lender of such Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan, nine or twelve months or less than one month thereafter , as selected by the Borrower in its Committed Loan Notice provided that 
 (a) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day 
 (b) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period and 
 (c) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date of the Facility under which such Loan was made . and 
 (d) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 3.03(e) shall be available for specification in such Committed Loan Notice. 
 Internally Generated Cash means cash of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries not constituting (w) proceeds of the issuance of (or contributions in respect of) Equity Interests, (x) proceeds of the incurrence of Indebtedness (other than the incurrence of Revolving Credit Loans or extensions of credit under any other revolving credit or similar facility), (y) proceeds of Dispositions pursuant to Sections 7.05(k) and (s) and Casualty Events or (z) solely with respect to calculating Excess Cash Flow, proceeds of Dispositions pursuant to 
 35 

Section 7.05 (other than Sections 7.05(k) and (s)) to the extent such Dispositions were not included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income provided that any cash constituting Internally Generated Cash shall not be converted into non-Internally Generated Cash solely by reason of being transferred among the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries via an intercompany loan. 
 Investment means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of Equity Interests or debt or other securities of another Person (including by way of merger or consolidation), (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of Indebtedness of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or equity participation or interest in, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of all or substantially all of the property and assets or business of another Person or assets constituting a business unit, line of business or division of such Person. Subject to Section 6.14 (in the case of deemed Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries), for purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested (in the case of any non-cash asset invested, taking the Fair Market Value thereof at the time the investment is made), without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment, less an amount equal to the aggregate Returns in respect of such Investment. 
 IP Rights has the meaning set forth in Section 5.15. 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto. 
 ISP means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 published by the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, Inc. (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). 
 Judgment Currency has the meaning specified in Section 10.24. 
 Junior Financing has the meaning specified in Section 7.13. 
 Junior Financing Documentation means any documentation governing any Junior Financing. 
 Latest Maturity Date means, at any date of determination, the latest Maturity Date applicable to any Loan or Commitment hereunder at such time, including the latest maturity date of any Extended Term Loan, Incremental Term Loan, Other Term Loan, Extended Revolving Credit Commitment, Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments or any Other Revolving Credit Commitments, in each case as extended in accordance with this Agreement from time to time. 
 Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. 
 L C Advance means, with respect to each Revolving Credit Lender, such Lender s funding of its participation in any L C Borrowing in accordance with its Pro Rata Share. 
 L C Borrowing means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed on the date when made or refinanced as a Revolving Credit Borrowing. 
 L C Credit Extension means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the renewal or increase of the amount thereof. 
 L C Issuer means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and any other Lender or Affiliate of a Lender that becomes an L C Issuer in accordance with Section 2.03(k) or 10.07(j), in each case, in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, or any successor issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder. Any L C Issuer may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by one or more Affiliates of such L C Issuer (and such Affiliate shall be deemed to be an L C Issuer for all purposes of the Loan Documents). 
 36 

L C Obligations means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L C Borrowings. 
 LCT Election has the meaning specified in Section 1.12. 
 LCT Test Date has the meaning specified in Section 1.12. 
 Lender has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement and, as the context requires, includes an L C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender, and their respective successors and assigns as permitted hereunder, each of which is referred to herein as a Lender . 
 Lending Office means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lender s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 Letter of Credit means any letter of credit issued hereunder. A Letter of Credit may be a commercial letter of credit or a standby letter of credit. 
 Letter of Credit Application means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit H or such other form as the relevant L C Issuer may reasonably require. 
 Letter of Credit Expiration Date means the day that is five (5) Business Days prior to the scheduled Maturity Date then in effect for the Revolving Credit Facility (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day). 
 Letter of Credit Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) 10,000,000 30,000,000 and (b) the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 LIBO Interpolated Rate means, at any time, with respect to any Eurocurrency Rate Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any Interest Period, the rate per annum (rounded to the same number of decimal places as the LIBO Screen Rate) determined by the Administrative Agent (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between (a) the LIBO Screen Rate for the longest period (for which the LIBO Screen Rate is available for the applicable Agreed Currency) that is shorter than the Impacted LIBO Rate Interest Period and (b) the LIBO Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which the LIBO Screen Rate is available for the applicable Agreed Currency) that exceeds the Impacted LIBO Rate Interest Period, in each case, at such time provided that if any LIBO Interpolated Rate shall be less than 0.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be 0.00 for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 LIBO Rate means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Rate Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any Interest Period, the LIBO Screen Rate at approximately 11 00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period provided that if the LIBO Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period (an Impacted LIBO Rate Interest Period with respect to such Agreed Currency then the LIBO Rate shall be the LIBO Interpolated Rate. 
 LIBO Screen Rate means, for any day and time, with respect to any Eurocurrency Rate Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any Interest Period, the London interbank offered rate as administered by ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for such Agreed Currency for a period equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on such day and time on pages LIBOR01 or LIBOR02 of the Reuters screen that displays such rate (or, in the event such rate does not appear on a Reuters page or screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) provided that if the LIBO Screen Rate as so determined would be less than 0.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be 0.00 for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 LIBOR has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.14. 
 Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any Capitalized Lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) provided that in no event shall an operating lease in and of itself be deemed a Lien. 
 37 

Limited Condition Transaction means (a) (i) any acquisition or Investment, including by way of merger or consolidation, of any assets, business or Person permitted by this Agreement that the Borrower or one or more of the Restricted Subsidiaries is contractually committed to consummate (it being understood that such commitment may be subject to conditions precedent, which conditions precedent may be amended, satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms of the applicable agreement) whose consummation is not conditioned upon the availability of, or on obtaining, third party financing and (ii) Investments, the incurrence or issuance of Indebtedness or Liens, repayments, repurchases, redemptions or refinancing of Indebtedness, Restricted Payments and the designation of any Restricted Subsidiaries or Unrestricted Subsidiaries, in each case, in connection with any of the transactions described in the foregoing sub-clause (i), (b) any repayment, repurchase, redemption or refinancing of Indebtedness with respect to which an irrevocable notice of repayment (or similar irrevocable notice, which may be conditional) is required to be delivered and (c) any dividends or distributions on, or redemptions of, Equity Interests not prohibited by this Agreement declared or requiring irrevocable notice in advance thereof. 
 Loan means an extension of credit by a Lender to the Borrower in the form of a Term Loan, a Revolving Credit Loan or a Swing Line Loan. 
 Loan Documents means, collectively, (i) this Agreement, (ii) the Notes, (iii) any Refinancing Amendment, Incremental Amendment or Extension Amendment, (iv) each Guaranty, (v) the Collateral Documents, (vi) the Intercompany Note, (vii) each Letter of Credit Application and (viii) after the execution and delivery thereof, each Intercreditor Agreement. 
 Loan Parties means, collectively, the Borrower and each Guarantor. 
 Margin Stock has the meaning specified in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the United States Federal Reserve system, or any successor thereto. 
 Master Agreement has the meaning specified in the definition of Swap Contract . 
 Material Acquisition means any acquisition by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (a) for consideration (including any assumed Indebtedness) in an aggregate amount equal to or greater than the lesser of (i) 60,000,000 and (ii) 25 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period as of such time determined on a Pro Forma Basis or (b) which requires an amendment, modification or waiver of the terms of this Agreement in order to consummate such acquisition. 
 Material Adverse Effect means (a) a material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets or financial condition of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) a material adverse effect on the ability of the Loan Parties (taken as a whole) to perform their respective payment obligations under any Loan Document to which any of the Loan Parties is a party or (c) a material adverse effect on the rights and remedies of the Lenders or the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents. 
 Material Disposition means any Disposition by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary for consideration (including any assumed Indebtedness) in an aggregate amount equal to or greater than the lesser of (a) 60,000,000 and (b) 25 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period as of such time determined on a Pro Forma Basis. 
 Material IP Rights means IP Rights that are material to the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as determined in good faith by the Borrower. 
 Material Real Propert y means any fee-owned real property located in the United States that is owned by any Loan Party with a Fair Market Value in excess of 25,000,000 (at the 2021 Effective Date or, with respect to fee-owned real property located in the United States that is acquired after the 2021 Effective Date, at the time of acquisition). 
 Maturity Date means (a) with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility and Swing Line Loans, May 26, 2026 (b) with respect to the Term A Loans, the fifth anniversary of the 2021 Effective Date, (c) with respect to the 2021 Term B Loans, the seventh anniversary of the 2021 Effective Date, (d) with respect to any Class of Extended Term Loans or Extended Revolving Credit Commitments, the final maturity date as specified in the applicable Extension Request accepted by the respective Lender or Lenders, (e) with respect to any Other Term Loans or Other Revolving Credit Commitments, the final maturity date as specified in the applicable Refinancing Amendment and (f) with respect to any Incremental Loans or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments, the final maturity date as specified in the applicable Incremental Amendment provided that, in each case, if such day is not a Business Day, the applicable Maturity Date shall be the Business Day immediately succeeding such day. 
 Maximum Rate has the meaning specified in Section 10.10. 
 38 

MFN Protection has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(e)(iii). 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 Mortgage means, collectively, the deeds of trust, trust deeds, hypothecs and mortgages made by the Loan Parties in favor or for the benefit of the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties substantially in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent (taking account of relevant local Law matters), and any other mortgages executed and delivered pursuant to Section 6.11. 
 Mortgaged Properties has the meaning specified in paragraph (f) of the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement . 
 Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. 
 Net Cash Proceeds means 
 (a) with respect to the Disposition of any asset by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any Casualty Event, the excess, if any, of (i) the sum of cash and Cash Equivalents received in connection with such Disposition or Casualty Event (including any cash or Cash Equivalents received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to, or by monetization of, a note or installment receivable or purchase price adjustment receivable or otherwise, but only as and when so received and, with respect to any Casualty Event, any insurance proceeds or condemnation awards in respect of such Casualty Event actually received by or paid to or for the account of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) over (ii) the sum of (A) the principal amount, premium or penalty, if any, interest, breakage costs and other amounts on any Indebtedness that is secured by the asset subject to such Disposition or Casualty Event and that is required to be repaid (and is timely repaid) in connection with such Disposition or Casualty Event (other than Indebtedness under, or that is secured by, the Loan Documents, Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness or Incremental Equivalent Debt), (B) the out-of-pocket fees and expenses (including attorneys fees, accountants fees, investment banking fees, survey costs, title insurance premiums, and related search and recording charges, transfer Taxes, deed or mortgage recording taxes, other customary expenses and brokerage, consultant and other customary fees) actually incurred by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary in connection with such Disposition or Casualty Event, (C) Taxes (or Restricted Payments that are made in respect of Taxes permitted hereunder) paid or reasonably estimated to be actually payable in connection therewith (including Taxes imposed on the actual or deemed distribution or repatriation of any such Net Cash Proceeds), (D) in the case of any Disposition or Casualty Event by a non-wholly owned Restricted Subsidiary, the pro rata portion of the Net Cash Proceeds thereof (calculated without regard to this clause (D)) attributable to minority interests and not available for distribution to or for the account of the Borrower or a wholly owned Restricted Subsidiary as a result thereof, and (E) any reserve for adjustment in respect of (x) the sale price of such asset or assets established in accordance with GAAP and (y) any liabilities associated with such asset or assets and retained by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary after such sale or other disposition thereof, including pension and other post-employment benefit liabilities and liabilities related to environmental matters or against any indemnification obligations associated with such transaction and it being understood that Net Cash Proceeds shall include any cash or Cash Equivalents (i) received upon the Disposition of any non-cash consideration received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in any such Disposition and (ii) upon the reversal (without the satisfaction of any applicable liabilities in cash in a corresponding amount) of any reserve described above provided that (x) no net cash proceeds calculated in accordance with the foregoing realized in a single transaction or series of related transactions shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds unless such net cash proceeds shall exceed 10,000,000 and (y) no such net cash proceeds shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds under this clause (a) in any fiscal year until the aggregate amount of all such net cash proceeds in such fiscal year shall exceed 30,000,000 (and thereafter only net cash proceeds in excess of such amount shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds under this clause (a)) and 
 (b) with respect to the incurrence or issuance of any Indebtedness by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or issuance of Equity Interests, the excess, if any, of (i) the sum of the cash received in connection with such incurrence or issuance over (ii) all Taxes paid or reasonably estimated to be payable as a result thereof (including Taxes imposed on the actual or deemed distribution or repatriation of any such Net Cash Proceeds), fees (including, the investment banking fees, underwriting fees and discounts), commissions, costs and other out-of-pocket expenses and other customary expenses, in each case incurred by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary in connection with such incurrence or issuance (and with respect to any issuance of Equity Interests by any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower, the amount of cash from such issuance of Equity Interests contributed to the capital of the Borrower). 
 39 

Non-Cash Charges has the meaning specified in the definition of the term Consolidated EBITDA . 
 Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning specified in Section 3.07. 
 Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, a Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender. 
 Non-Expiring Credit Commitment has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(g). 
 Non-Finance Lease means any lease of any property (whether real, personal or mixed) by a Person as lessee that, in conformity with GAAP (for the avoidance of doubt, subject to Section 1.03(b)), is not and is not required to be accounted for as a capital lease or finance lease on the balance sheet of such Person. For the avoidance of doubt, a straight-line or operating lease shall be considered a Non-Finance Lease. 
 Non-Finance Lease Obligation means an obligation under a Non-Finance Lease. 
 Non-Loan Party means any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party. 
 Nonrenewal Notice Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b)(iii). 
 Note means a Term Note, a Revolving Credit Note or a Swing Line Note, as the context may require. 
 NPL means the National Priorities List under CERCLA. 
 NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 NYFRB Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day) provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11 00 a.m. on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it provided , further, that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined be less than 0.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be 0.00 for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Obligations means all (x) advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries arising under any Loan Document (including each Guaranty) or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, (y) obligations of any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries arising under any Secured Hedge Agreement and (z) Cash Management Obligations, in each of clauses (x), (y) and (z) including interest, fees and expenses that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or Subsidiary of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest, fees or expenses are allowed claims in such proceeding. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Obligations of the Loan Parties under the Loan Documents (and of their Subsidiaries to the extent they have obligations under the Loan Documents) include (a) the obligation (including guarantee obligations) to pay principal, premium, interest, Letter of Credit commissions, reimbursement obligations, charges, expenses, fees, Attorney Costs, indemnities and other amounts payable by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries under any Loan Document and (b) the obligation of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to reimburse any amount in respect of any of the foregoing that any Lender, in its sole discretion, may elect to pay or advance on behalf of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Obligations shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligations. 
 OFAC has the meaning specified in Section 5.20(c). 
 Offered Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(a)(iv)(D)(1). 
 Offered Discount has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(a)(iv)(D)(1). 
 Organization Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and, if applicable, any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization 
 40 

with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity. 
 Other Applicable Indebtedness has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(b)(ii). 
 Other Benchmark Rate Election means, with respect to any Loan denominated in Dollars, if the then-current Benchmark is the LIBO Rate, the occurrence of 
 (a) a request by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent to notify each of the other parties hereto that, at the determination of the Borrower, Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed), in lieu of a LIBOR-based rate, a term benchmark rate as a benchmark rate, and 
 (b) the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and the Borrower jointly elect to trigger a fallback from the LIBO Rate and the provision, as applicable, by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Borrower and the Lenders. 
 Other Revolving Credit Commitments means one or more Classes of Revolving Credit Commitments hereunder that result from a Refinancing Amendment. 
 Other Revolving Credit Loans means one or more Classes of Revolving Credit Loans that result from a Refinancing Amendment. 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, excise, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under any Loan Document, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except for any such Tax imposed in connection with an assignment (other than an assignment pursuant to Section 3.06(a)), transfer, sale of participation or other voluntary transfer and except, for the avoidance of doubt, any Excluded Taxes. 
 Other Term Loan Commitments means one or more Classes of Term Loan Commitments hereunder to fund Other Term Loans of the applicable Refinancing Series hereunder that result from a Refinancing Amendment. 
 Other Term Loans means one or more Classes of Term Loans that result from a Refinancing Amendment. 
 Outstanding Amount means (a) with respect to the Term Loans, Revolving Credit Loans and Swing Line Loans on any date, the outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Term Loans, Revolving Credit Loans (including any refinancing of outstanding unpaid drawings under Letters of Credit or L C Credit Extensions as a Revolving Credit Borrowing) and Swing Line Loans, as the case may be, occurring on such date and (b) with respect to any L C Obligations on any date, the outstanding amount thereof on such date after giving effect to any L C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes thereto as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements of outstanding unpaid drawings under any Letters of Credit (including any refinancing of outstanding unpaid drawings under Letters of Credit or L C Credit Extensions as a Revolving Credit Borrowing) or any reductions in the maximum amount available for drawing under Letters of Credit taking effect on such date. 
 Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar transactions denominated in Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on its website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate. 
 Parent means Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Participant has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(e). 
 Participant Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(e). 
 Participating Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(a)(iv)(C)(2). 
 Participating Member State means any member state of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to economic and monetary union. 
 41 

Payment has the meaning provided in Section 9.15. 
 Payment Notice has the meaning provided in Section 9.15. 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
 Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 or Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate or to which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate contributes or has an obligation to contribute, or in the case of a multiple employer or other plan described in Section 4064(a) of ERISA, has made contributions at any time during the immediately preceding five (5) plan years. 
 Permitted Acquisition has the meaning specified in Section 7.02(i). 
 Permitted Holdings Refinancing Debt means any Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor permitted under Section 7.03 provided , that such Indebtedness (i)(x) is secured on a junior basis to the Obligations or (y) is unsecured, (ii) will not mature prior to the date that is ninety-one (91) days after the Latest Maturity Date with respect to the Term Loans at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness, (iii) the documentation for such Indebtedness contains no mandatory prepayment, repurchase or redemption provisions (except with respect to change of control, asset sale and event of loss mandatory offers to purchase or mandatory prepayments and customary acceleration rights after an event of default) prior to the date that is ninety-one (91) days after the Latest Maturity Date with respect to the Term Loans at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness (other than, in the case of clause (x), for annual nominal amortization payments not to exceed 1 of the original aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness), (iv) in the case of clause (x), shall be subject to a Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement and (v) the documentation with respect to any such Indebtedness shall contain terms and conditions (other than with respect to pricing, fees, premiums and optional prepayment or redemption terms) not materially more restrictive (taken as a whole) in respect to the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries than those set forth in this Agreement (except for covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date with respect to the Term Loans at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness). 
 Permitted Junior Secured Refinancing Debt means any secured Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower in the form of one or more series of second lien (or other junior lien) secured notes or second lien (or other junior lien) secured loans provided that (i) such Indebtedness is secured by the Collateral on a second priority (or other junior priority) basis to the liens securing the Obligations, is not secured by any property or assets of Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary other than the Collateral, and the security agreements relating to such Indebtedness are substantially the same as or more favorable to the Loan Parties than the Collateral Documents (with such differences as are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), (ii) such Indebtedness is not at any time guaranteed by any Person other than a Guarantor, (iii) a Senior Representative acting on behalf of the holders of such Indebtedness shall have become party to or otherwise subject to the provisions of a Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement provided that if such Indebtedness is the initial Permitted Junior Secured Refinancing Debt incurred by the Borrower, then the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Senior Representative for such Indebtedness shall have executed and delivered a Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement and (iv) in the case of any notes, such Indebtedness does not mature or have scheduled amortization or payments of principal (other than customary offers to repurchase and prepayment events upon a change of control, asset sale or event of loss and a customary acceleration right after an event of default) prior to the Maturity Date of the Indebtedness being refinanced at the time such Indebtedness is incurred. 
 Permitted Liens means any Lien permitted to be outstanding pursuant to Section 7.01. 
 Permitted Non-Loan Party Indebtedness Amount means (a) the greater of (i) 225,000,000 and (ii) the product of (x) 1.25 and (y) Consolidated EBITDA for the most recent Test Period, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, minus (b) the aggregate principal amount of all Indebtedness (including any Permitted Refinancing thereof) of Non-Loan Parties which is outstanding at any time under Sections 7.03(h)(B), (n), (w), (x) and (y)(i) and, without duplication, the aggregate amount of Guarantees outstanding at any time by Non-Loan Parties of Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor outstanding at any time under Sections 7.03(h)(B), (n), (u), (w), (x) and (y)(i). 
 Permitted Pari Passu Secured Refinancing Debt means any secured Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower in the form of one or more series of senior secured loans or notes provided that (i) such Indebtedness is secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis (but without regard to the control of remedies) with the Obligations and is not secured by any property or assets of Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary other than the Collateral and the security agreements relating to such Indebtedness are substantially the same as or more favorable to the Loan Parties than the Collateral Documents (with such differences as are reasonably satisfactory to the 
 42 

Administrative Agent), (ii) such Indebtedness is not at any time guaranteed by any Person other than a Guarantor, (iii) a Senior Representative acting on behalf of the holders of such Indebtedness shall have become party to or otherwise subject to the provisions of a First Lien Intercreditor Agreement provided further that if such Indebtedness is the initial Permitted Pari Passu Secured Refinancing Debt incurred by the Borrower, then the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Senior Representative for such Indebtedness shall have executed and delivered a First Lien Intercreditor Agreement and (iv) in the case of any notes, such Indebtedness does not mature or have scheduled amortization or payments of principal (other than customary offers to repurchase and prepayment events upon a change of control, asset sale or event of loss and a customary acceleration right after an event of default) prior to the date that is the Maturity Date of the Indebtedness being refinanced at the time such Indebtedness is incurred. 
 Permitted Ratio Debt means any unsecured Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor or any Indebtedness incurred by any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor so long as either, at the Borrower s election, (x) the Total Net Leverage Ratio for the Borrower s most recently ended Test Period preceding the date on which such additional Indebtedness is incurred would have been no greater than 5.50 to 1.00 or (y) the Interest Coverage Ratio for the Borrower s most recently ended Test Period preceding the date on which such additional Indebtedness is incurred would have been no less than 2.00 to 1.00, in each case, determined on a Pro Forma Basis provided , that, in the case of any unsecured Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, such Indebtedness does not mature or, in the case of any notes, have scheduled amortization or payments of principal (other than customary offers to repurchase and prepayment events upon a change of control, asset sale or event of loss and a customary acceleration right after an event of default) prior to the date that is 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date with respect to Term Loans at the time such Indebtedness is incurred provided , however , that any such Indebtedness may be incurred in the form of a customary bridge or other interim credit facility intended to be refinanced or replaced with long-term indebtedness which does not satisfy the requirements of the preceding proviso so long as, subject to customary conditions, it would either be automatically converted into or required to be exchanged for permanent financing which satisfies the requirements of the preceding proviso. 
 Permitted Refinancing means, with respect to any Person, any modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, extension or replacement of any Indebtedness of such Person (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any one or more successive modifications, refinancings, refundings, renewals, extensions or replacements) provided that (a) the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) thereof does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the Indebtedness so modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, extended or replaced except by an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest and premium (including tender premiums) thereon plus other amounts paid (including original issue discount and upfront fees), and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, extension or replacement and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder, (b) other than with respect to a Permitted Refinancing in respect of Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 7.03(e), such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, extension or replacement has a final maturity equal to or later than the final maturity of the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, extended or replaced (or, if earlier, the date that is 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date), and has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity no shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of, the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, extended or replaced (as originally in effect prior to any amortization or prepayments thereof), (c) other than with respect to a Permitted Refinancing in respect of Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 7.03(e), at the time thereof, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (d) such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, extension or replacement is incurred or guaranteed only by Persons who were the obligors or guarantors of the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, extended or replaced and such new or additional obligors or guarantors that are or become Loan Parties. 
 Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt means unsecured Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower in the form of one or more series of unsecured notes or loans provided that such Indebtedness (i) constitutes Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness, (ii) in the case of any notes, does not mature or have scheduled amortization or payments of principal (other than customary offers to repurchase and prepayment events upon a change of control, asset sale or event of loss and a customary acceleration right after an event of default), in each case prior to the Maturity Date of the Indebtedness being refinanced at the time such Indebtedness is incurred and (iii) is not at any time guaranteed by any Person other than a Guarantor. 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 Pounds Sterling means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
 Previously Absent Financial Maintenance Covenant means, at any time, any financial maintenance covenant that is not included in the Loan Documents at such time. 
 43 

Principal L C Issuer means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and any L C Issuer that has issued Letters of Credit having an aggregate Outstanding Amount in excess of 500,000. 
 primary obligor has the meaning specified in the definition of Guarantee . 
 Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. 
 Priming Indebtedness has the meaning specified in Section 10.01(j). 
 Priming Transaction has the meaning specified in Section 10.01(j). 
 Pro Forma Basis , Pro Forma Compliance and Pro Forma Effect mean, with respect to compliance with any test or covenant or calculation of any ratio hereunder, the determination or calculation of such test, covenant or ratio (including in connection with Specified Transactions) in accordance with Section 1.11. 
 Pro Rata Share means, with respect to each Lender at any time, a fraction (expressed as a percentage, carried out to the ninth decimal place), the numerator of which is the amount of the Commitment and, if applicable and without duplication, Term Loans of such Lender under the applicable Facility or Facilities at such time and the denominator of which is the amount of the Aggregate Commitments of all Lenders under the applicable Facility or Facilities at such time and, if applicable and without duplication, Term Loans of all Lenders under the applicable Facility or Facilities at such time provided that, in the case of a Revolving Credit Facility, if such Commitment has been terminated, then the Pro Rata Share of each Lender shall be determined based on the Pro Rata Share of such Lender immediately prior to such termination and after giving effect to any subsequent assignments made pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 QFC Credit Support has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.26. 
 Qualified Equity Interests means any Equity Interests that are not Disqualified Equity Interests. 
 Qualifying Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(a)(iv)(D)(3). 
 Ratio Incremental Amount has the meaning specified in the definition of Available Incremental Amount . 
 Recipient means (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender, (c) any L C Issuer and (d) the Swing Line Lender (if any). 
 Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the LIBO Term SOFR Rate, 11 00 5 00 a.m. London Chicago time) on the day that is two London banking days U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (2) if such Benchmark is EURIBOR Rate, 11 00 a.m. Brussels time two TARGET Days preceding the date of such setting, (3) if such Benchmark is SONIA, then four Business Days prior to such setting , (4) if such Benchmark is the AUD Bank Bill Rate, 11 00 a.m., Sydney time, on the first date of such setting or 3 5 if such Benchmark is none of the Eurocurrency Term SOFR Rate, the EURIBOR Rate or , SONIA or the AUD Bank Bill Rate , the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Refinanced Debt has the meaning specified in the definition of Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness. 
 Refinanced Term Loans has the meaning specified in Section 10.01. 
 Refinancing Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement executed by each of (a) the Borrower, (b) the Administrative Agent, (c) each Additional Refinancing Lender and (d) each Lender that agrees to 
 44 

provide any portion of Other Term Loans, Other Term Loan Commitments, Other Revolving Credit Commitments or Other Revolving Credit Loans incurred pursuant thereto, in accordance with Section 2.17. 
 Refinancing Series means all Other Term Loans or Other Term Loan Commitments that are established pursuant to the same Refinancing Amendment (or any subsequent Refinancing Amendment to the extent such Refinancing Amendment expressly provides that the Other Term Loans or Other Term Loan Commitments provided for therein are intended to be a part of any previously established Refinancing Series) and that provide for the same amortization schedule. 
 Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(d). 
 Regulation D shall mean Regulation D of the Federal Reserve Board as from time to time in effect and any successor to all or a portion thereof establishing reserve requirements. 
 Rejected Amounts has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(b)(ix). 
 Rejection Notice has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(b)(ix). 
 Relevant Governmental Body means (i) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Dollars, the Federal Reserve Board and or the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, as applicable, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto, (ii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Sterling, the Bank of England, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of England or, in each case, any successor thereto, (iii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Euros, the European Central Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto and (iv) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in any other currency, (a) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (1) such Benchmark Replacement or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (b) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (1) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated, (2) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement, (3) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 Relevant Rate means (i) with respect to any Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR , (ii) with respect to any Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros, the EURIBOR Rate and , (iii) with respect to any Borrowing denominated in Pounds Sterling, Daily Simple SONIA and (iv) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Australian Dollars, the AUD Bank Bill Rate . 
 Relevant Screen Rate means (i) with respect to any Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the LIBO Screen Rate and Term SOFR Reference Rate, (ii) with respect to any Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros, the EURIBOR Screen Rate and (iii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Australian Dollars, the AUD Screen Rate . 
 Replacement Term Loans has the meaning specified in Section 10.01. 
 Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder, other than events for which the thirty (30) day notice period has been waived. 
 Repricing Transaction means (i) any prepayment, refinancing, substitution or replacement of all or a portion of the 2021 Term B Loans with the incurrence by Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary of any Indebtedness in the form of a term B loan that is broadly marketed or syndicated to banks and other institutional investors (including any Replacement Term Loans) the primary purpose of which is to reduce the All-In Yield of such debt financing relative to the All-In Yield of such 2021 Term B Loans so repaid, refinanced, substituted or replaced and (ii) any amendment to this Agreement the primary purpose of which is to reduce the All-In Yield applicable to the 2021 Term B Loans but excluding, in any such case, any refinancing of 2021 Term B Loans in connection with a Change of Control, Material Acquisition, Material Disposition or an increase in the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans (including by adding a new Class of Term Loans other than any term A loans). 
 Request for Credit Extension means (a) with respect to a Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans, a Committed Loan Notice, (b) with respect to an L C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application and (c) with respect to a Swing Line Loan, a Swing Line Loan Notice. 
 45 

Required Facility Lenders means, as of any date of determination, with respect to one or more Facilities, Lenders having more than 50 of the sum of (a) the Total Outstandings under such Facility or Facilities (with the aggregate amount of each Lender s risk participation and funded participation in L C Obligations and Swing Line Loans, as applicable, under such Facility or Facilities being deemed held by such Lender for purposes of this definition) and (b) the aggregate unused Commitments under such Facility or Facilities provided that (i) the unused Commitments of, and the portion of the Total Outstandings under such Facility or Facilities held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of the Required Facility Lenders and (ii) with respect to amendments, waivers or modifications to Section 7.11 or the defined terms used solely for purposes of Section 7.11, including waivers of any Default resulting from a breach of Section 7.11, Required Facility Lenders shall mean the Revolving Credit Lenders and Term A Lenders, if any, voting together as one Facility. 
 Required Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Lenders having more than 50 of the sum of the (a) Total Outstandings (with the aggregate amount of each Lender s risk participation and funded participation in L C Obligations and Swing Line Loans being deemed held by such Lender for purposes of this definition), (b) aggregate unused Term Commitments and (c) aggregate unused Revolving Credit Commitments, provided that the unused Commitments of, and the portion of the Total Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders. 
 Required Revolving Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Revolving Credit Lenders having more than 50 of the sum of the (a) Total Outstandings with respect to the Revolving Credit Loans, Swing Line Loans and L C Obligations (with the aggregate amount of each Revolving Credit Lender s risk participation and funded participation in L C Obligations and Swing Line Loans being deemed held by such Lender for purposes of this definition) and (b) aggregate unused Revolving Credit Commitments, provided that the Revolving Credit Commitments of, and the portion of the Total Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Revolving Lenders. 
 Required Term A Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Lenders having more than 50 of the sum of the (a) Total Outstandings and (b) aggregate unused Term A Commitments, provided that the unused Commitments of, and the portion of the Total Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Term A Lenders. 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, vice president, chief financial officer, treasurer or assistant treasurer, any secretary or assistant secretary or other similar officer of a Loan Party. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. 
 Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Equity Interest of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, defeasance, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to the Borrower s stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent Persons thereof). 
 Restricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 Returns means, with respect to any Investment, any repayments, interest, returns, profits, distributions, proceeds, fees and similar amounts actually received in cash or Cash Equivalents (or actually converted into cash or Cash Equivalents) by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries provided that, with respect to any Investment permitted under Section 7.02, the aggregate amount of repayments, interest, returns, profits, distributions, proceeds, fees and similar amounts constituting Returns shall not exceed the original amount of such Investment made pursuant to such Section. 
 Revaluation Date means (a) with respect to any Revolving Credit Loan, each of the following i each date of a Borrowing of an Alternative Currency Loan, (ii) each date of the commencement of a new Interest Period with respect to an Alternative Currency Loan pursuant to Section 2.02, (iii) each date that is three Business Days before an Interest Payment Date with respect to an Alternative Currency Loan and (iv) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably determine or as shall reasonably be required by the Required Revolving 
 46 

Lenders with respect to such Class of Revolving Credit Loans and b with respect to any Letter of Credit, each of the following i each date of issuance, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, ii each date of an amendment of any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency having the effect of increasing the amount thereof (solely with respect to the increased amount), iii each date of any payment by any L C Issuer under any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, (iv) with respect to an Alternative Currency Letter of Credit, each date that is the first Monday following the fourth Saturday of each month or, if such date is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day and v such additional dates as the Administrative Agent or any applicable L C Issuer shall reasonably determine or the Required Revolving Lenders shall reasonably require. 
 Revolver Extension Request has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(b). 
 Revolver Extension Series has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(b). 
 Revolving Commitment Increase has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a). 
 Revolving Credit Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Revolving Credit Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Revolving Credit Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01. 
 Revolving Credit Commitment means, as to each Revolving Credit Lender, its obligation to (a) make Revolving Credit Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(b), (b) purchase participations in L C Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit and (c) purchase participations in Swing Line Loans, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01 under the caption Revolving Credit Commitment or in the Assignment and Assumption Agreement pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement (including Section 10.07(b)). The aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments of all Revolving Credit Lenders shall be 400,000,000.00 as of the 2021 Effective Date, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 Revolving Credit Exposure means, at any time, as to each Revolving Credit Lender, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Revolving Credit Lender s Revolving Credit Loans at such time and its Pro Rata Share of the L C Obligations and the Swing Line Obligations at such time. 
 Revolving Credit Facility means the Revolving Credit Commitments and the Revolving Credit Loans. 
 Revolving Credit Facility Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., BofA Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Citizens Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, each in its capacity as a Joint Lead Arranger and Joint Bookrunner with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility under this Agreement. 
 Revolving Credit Facility Syndication Agents means Barclays Bank PLC, Capital One, National Association, HSBC Securities (USA), Inc., PNC Capital Markets LLC and Santander Bank, N.A., each in its capacity as a Syndication Agent with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility under this Agreement. 
 Revolving Credit Lender means, at any time, any Lender that has a Revolving Credit Commitment at such time or, if the Revolving Credit Commitments have been terminated, which has outstanding Revolving Credit Loans or other Revolving Credit Exposure at such time. 
 Revolving Credit Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(b). 
 Revolving Credit Note means, as the context requires, a promissory note of the Borrower payable to any Revolving Credit Lender or its registered assigns, in substantially the form of Exhibit C-2 evidencing the aggregate Indebtedness of the Borrower to such Revolving Credit Lender resulting from the Revolving Credit Loans made by such Revolving Credit Lender. 
 S&P means Standard & Poor s Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and any successor thereto. 
 Same Day Funds means (a) with respect to disbursements and payments in Dollars, immediately available funds and (b) with respect to disbursements and payments in an Alternative Currency, same day or other funds as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the L C Issuer, as the case may be, to be 
 47 

customary in the place of disbursement or payment for the settlement of international banking transactions in the relevant Alternative Currency. 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
 Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement means an intercreditor agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit S hereto (which agreement in such form or with changes that are immaterial to the interests of the Lenders thereto the Administrative Agent is authorized to enter into) together with any changes material to the interests of the Lenders thereto, which such changes shall be posted to the Lenders not less than five (5) Business Days before execution thereof and, if the Required Lenders shall not have objected to such changes within five (5) Business Days after posting, then the Required Lenders shall be deemed to have agreed that the Administrative Agent s entry into such intercreditor agreement (with such changes) is reasonable and to have consented to such intercreditor agreement (with such changes) and to the Administrative Agent s execution thereof. 
 Secured Hedge Agreement means any Swap Contract permitted under Article VII that is entered into by and between any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary and any Hedge Bank. 
 Secured Obligations has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement. 
 Secured Parties means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders, the Hedge Banks, the Cash Management Banks, the Supplemental Administrative Agent and each co-agent or sub-agent appointed by the Administrative Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 9.01(c). 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 Security Agreement means, collectively, the Security Agreement executed by the Loan Parties, substantially in the form of Exhibit G , together with each other security agreement supplement executed and delivered pursuant to Section 6.11. 
 Security Agreement Supplement has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement. 
 Senior Representative means, with respect to any series of Permitted Pari Passu Secured Refinancing Debt, Permitted Junior Secured Refinancing Debt, secured Incremental Equivalent Debt or other secured Indebtedness permitted to be incurred under Section 7.03, the trustee, administrative agent, collateral agent, security agent or similar agent under the indenture or agreement pursuant to which such Indebtedness is issued, incurred or otherwise obtained, as the case may be, and each of their successors in such capacities. 
 SOFR means , with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published as administered by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day . 
 SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the NYFRB s website, currently at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 SOFR Determination Date has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 SOFR Rate Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 Solicited Discounted Prepayment Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(a)(iv)(D)(1). 
 Solicited Discounted Prepayment Notice means a written notice of the Borrower of Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers made pursuant to Section 2.06(a)(iv)(D) substantially in the form of Exhibit M . 
 Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer means the irrevocable written offer by each Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit P , submitted following the Administrative Agent s receipt of a Solicited Discounted Prepayment Notice. 
 48 

Solicited Discounted Prepayment Response Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(a)(iv)(D)(1). 
 Solicited Discount Proration has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(a)(iv)(D)(3). 
 Solvent and Solvency mean, with respect to any Person on any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair salable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person s ability to generally pay such debts and liabilities as they mature and (d) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Person s property would constitute an unreasonably small capital. The amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 
 SONIA means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such Business Day published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 SONIA Administrator means the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average). 
 SONIA Administrator s Website means the Bank of England s website, currently at http www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. 
 SONIA Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for general business in London. 
 SONIA Interest Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SONIA . 
 SONIA Rate when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA. 
 SPC has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(h). 
 Specified Default means any Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) or (f). 
 Specified Discount has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(a)(iv)(B)(1). 
 Specified Discount Prepayment Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(a)(iv)(B)(1). 
 Specified Discount Prepayment Notice means a written notice of the Borrower Offer of Specified Discount Prepayment made pursuant to Section 2.06(a)(iv)(B) substantially in the form of Exhibit O . 
 Specified Discount Prepayment Response means the irrevocable written response by each Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit Q , to a Specified Discount Prepayment Notice. 
 Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(a)(iv)(B)(1). 
 Specified Discount Proration has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(a)(iv)(B)(3). 
 Specified Representations means the representations and warranties set forth in Sections 5.01(a) (with respect to organizational existence of the Borrower and the Guarantors), 5.02 (other than clauses (b) and (c) thereof), 5.04, 5.13, 5.16, 5.17 and 5.19 (subject to modification as relates to the Collateral being acquired by the applicable Incremental Lenders holding more than 50 of the aggregate Incremental Commitments under the relevant Incremental Amendment). 
 Specified Transaction means (i) any Investment that results in a Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) any designation of a Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary, (iii) any 
 49 

Permitted Acquisition, (iv) any Disposition that results in a Restricted Subsidiary ceasing to be a Subsidiary of the Borrower, (v) any Investment constituting an acquisition of assets constituting a business unit, line of business or division of, or all or substantially all of the Equity Interests of, another Person, (vi) any Disposition of a business unit, line of business or division of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, in each case whether by merger, consolidation, amalgamation or otherwise or (vii) any incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness incurred or repaid under any revolving credit facility or line of credit, unless such Indebtedness (x) has been permanently repaid and has not been replaced or (y) the proceeds therefrom are used for other than working capital purposes or general corporate purposes in the ordinary course of business), Restricted Payment, Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment, Incremental Revolving Loan or Incremental Term Loan that by the terms of this Agreement requires such test to be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis or after giving Pro Forma Effect or that requires Pro Forma Compliance . 
 Spot Rate means, on any date, for a currency means the rate determined by the Administrative Agent or the L C Issuer, as applicable, to be the rate quoted by the Person acting in such capacity as the spot rate for the purchase by such Person of such currency with another currency through its principal foreign exchange trading office at approximately 11 00 a.m. (New York City time) on such date provided that the Administrative Agent or the L C Issuer may obtain such spot rate from another financial institution designated by the Administrative Agent or the L C Issuer if the Person acting in such capacity does not have as of the date of determination a spot buying rate for any such currency. For purposes of determining the Spot Rate in connection with an Alternative Currency Borrowing, such Spot Rate shall be determined as of the Denomination Date for such Borrowing with respect to the transactions in the applicable Alternative Currency that will settle on the date of such Borrowing. 
 Statutory Reserve Rate means a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentage (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by the Federal Reserve Board to which the Administrative Agent is subject with respect to the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities in Regulation D) or any other reserve ratio or analogous requirement of any central banking or financial regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the Loans. Such reserve percentage shall include those imposed pursuant to Regulation D. Eurocurrency Rate Loans Term Benchmark Loans for which the associated Benchmark is adjusted by reference to the Statutory Reserve Rate (per the related definition of such Benchmark) shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under Regulation D or any comparable regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage. 
 Submitted Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(a)(iv)(C)(1). 
 Submitted Discount has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(a)(iv)(C)(1). 
 Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower. 
 Subsidiary Guarantor means, collectively, the Subsidiaries of the Borrower that are Guarantors. 
 Subsidiary Guaranty means, collectively, (a) the Subsidiary Guaranty made by the Subsidiary Guarantors in favor of the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties, substantially in the form of Exhibit F and (b) each other guaranty and guaranty supplement delivered pursuant to Section 6.11. For avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Borrower in its sole discretion may cause any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor to Guarantee the Obligations by causing such Restricted Subsidiary to execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a Guaranty Supplement and a Security Agreement Supplement, and any such Restricted Subsidiary shall be a Guarantor, Loan Party and Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder for all purposes until such time, if any, as such Restricted Subsidiary shall be released from the Subsidiary Guaranty. 
 Successor Company has the meaning specified in Section 7.04(d). 
 Supplemental Administrative Agent has the meaning specified in Section 9.13 and Supplemental Administrative Agents shall have the corresponding meaning. 
 50 

Supported QFC has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.26. 
 Swap means any agreement, contract, or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Swap Contract means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward contracts, future contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. 
 Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Person, any obligation to pay or perform under any Swap. 
 Swap Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contract has been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contract, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). 
 Swing Line Borrowing means a borrowing of a Swing Line Loan pursuant to Section 2.04. 
 Swing Line Facility means the revolving credit facility made available by the Swing Line Lender pursuant to Section 2.04. 
 Swing Line Lender means a Lender appointed by the Borrower as swing line lender, in its capacity as provider of Swing Line Loans, or any successor swing line lender hereunder. 
 Swing Line Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(a). 
 Swing Line Loan Notice means a notice of a Swing Line Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.04(b), which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B . 
 Swing Line Note means a promissory note of the Borrower payable to any Swing Line Lender or its registered assigns, in substantially the form of Exhibit C-3 , evidencing the aggregate Indebtedness of the Borrower to such Swing Line Lender resulting from the Swing Line Loans made by such Swing Line Lender. 
 Swing Line Obligations means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of all Swing Line Loans outstanding. 
 Swing Line Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) 30,000,000 and (b) the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments. The Swing Line Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Credit Commitments. 
 Syndication Agents means the Term A Syndication Agents, the Term B Syndication Agents and the Revolving Credit Facility Syndication Agents. 
 TARGET Day means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) payment system which utilizes a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007 (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system (if any) reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. 
 51 

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term A Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., BofA Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Citizens Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, each in its capacity as a Joint Lead Arranger and Joint Bookrunner with respect to the Term A Loan Facility under this Agreement. 
 Term A Lender means as of any date of determination, any Lender that holds a portion of the outstanding Term A Loans on such date. 
 Term A Loan Commitments means the Term A Loan Commitments, as defined in the 2021 Amendment Agreement. 
 Term A Loan Facility means the Term A Loan Commitments and the Term A Loans. 
 Term A Loan Increase has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a). 
 Term A Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(a)(i). 
 Term A Syndication Agents means Capital One, National Association, HSBC Securities (USA), Inc., PNC Capital Markets LLC and Santander Bank, N.A., each in its capacity as a Syndication Agent with respect to the Term A Loan Facility under this Agreement. 
 Term B Loan Facility means the 2021 Term B Loan Commitments and the 2021 Term B Loans. 
 Term B Loan Increase has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a). 
 Term B Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners means BofA Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Citizens Bank, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, each in its capacity as a Joint Lead Arranger and Joint Bookrunner with respect to the Term B Loan Facility under this Agreement. 
 Term B Syndication Agents means Barclays Bank PLC, Capital One, National Association, HSBC Securities (USA), Inc., PNC Capital Markets LLC and Santander Bank, N.A., each in its capacity as a Syndication Agent with respect to the Term B Loan Facility under this Agreement. 
 Term Benchmark when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to Adjusted Term SOFR, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or the AUD Bank Bill Rate. 
 Term Benchmark Rate means the Adjusted Term SOFR, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or the AUD Bank Bill Rate, as applicable. 
 Term Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Term Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Term Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01 or under any Incremental Amendment, Extension Amendment or Refinancing Amendment. 
 Term Commitment means a Term A Loan Commitment, 2021 Term B Loan Commitment, an Incremental Term Commitment of a given Incremental Series, an Extended Term Loan Commitment of a given Extension Series or an Other Term Loan Commitment, as the context may require. 
 Term Facility means any Facility consisting of Term Loans and or Term Commitments. 
 Term Lender means, at any time, any Lender that has a Term Commitment or an outstanding Term Loan at such time. 
 Term Loan means any Term A Loan, Term B Loan, any Extended Term Loan, any Incremental Term Loan or any Other Term Loan, as the context may require. 
 Term Loan Extension Request has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a). 
 52 

Term Loan Extension Series has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a). 
 Term Loan Increase has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a). 
 Term Note means, as the context requires, a promissory note of the Borrower payable to any Term Lender or its registered assigns, in substantially the form of Exhibit C-1 evidencing the aggregate Indebtedness of the Borrower to such Term Lender resulting from the Term Loans made by such Term Lender. 
 Test Period in effect at any time means the most recent period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower ended on or prior to such time (taken as one accounting period) in respect of which financial statements for each quarter or fiscal year in such period have been or are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b), as applicable provided that, prior to the first date that financial statements have been or are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b), the Test Period in effect shall be the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower ended September 30, 2021. A Test Period may be designated by reference to the last day thereof (i.e., the September 30, 2021 Test Period refers to the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower ended September 30, 2021), and a Test Period shall be deemed to end on the last day thereof. 
 Term SOFR means, Adjustment means a percentage per annum as set forth below for the applicable Corresponding Tenor as of the applicable Reference Time, the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. Interest Period 
 
 Interest Period Percentage One month 0.11448 Three months 0.26161 Six months 0.42826 
 
 Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate. 
 Term SOFR Notice means a notification by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders and the Borrower of the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event. Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5 00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator. 
 Term SOFR Transition Event means the determination by the Administrative Agent that (a) Term SOFR has been recommended for use by the Relevant Governmental Body, (b) the administration of Term SOFR is administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent and (c) a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable (and, for the avoidance of doubt, not in the case of an Other Benchmark Rate Election), has previously occurred resulting in a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with Section 3.03 that is not Term SOFR. 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day ), with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5 00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then, so long as such day is otherwise a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 
 Threshold Amount means the greater of 75,000,000 and 30 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period as of such time determined on a Pro Forma Basis. 
 53 

Total Net Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Total Debt as of such date to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the most recent Test Period. 
 Total Outstandings means, at any time, the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Loans and all L C Obligations at such time. 
 Transaction means the transactions related to or incidental to, consisting of or in connection with the 2021 Amendment Agreement and the payment of Transaction Expenses. 
 Transaction Expenses means any fees or expenses incurred or paid by Holdings, any direct or indirect parent holding company of Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with the Transaction, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. 
 Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate Term SOFR , the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, the Base Rate or , Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA or the AUD Bank Bill Rate . 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 Unaudited Financial Statements means the unaudited consolidated balance sheet and related statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2021, prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Uniform Commercial Code and UCC mean the Uniform Commercial Code as the same may from time to time be in effect in the State of New York or the Uniform Commercial Code (or similar code or statute) of another jurisdiction, to the extent it may be required to apply to any item or items of Collateral. 
 United States and U.S. mean the United States of America. 
 Unreimbursed Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(i). 
 Unrestricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower designated by the board of directors of the Borrower as an Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 6.14 subsequent to the Closing Date, in each case until such time (if any) as the board of directors of the Borrower designates any such Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 6.14. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(g). 
 Weighted Average Life to Maturity means, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing (a) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (i) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (ii) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment by (b) the then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness provided , that for purposes of determining the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Indebtedness that is being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended (the Applicable Indebtedness ), the effects of any prepayments or amortization made on such Applicable Indebtedness prior to the date of the applicable modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement or extension shall be disregarded. 
 wholly owned means, with respect to a Subsidiary of a Person, a Subsidiary of such Person all of the outstanding Equity Interests of which (other than (x) director s qualifying shares and (y) shares issued to foreign nationals to the extent required by applicable Law) are owned by such Person and or by one or more wholly owned Subsidiaries of such Person. 
 Withholding Agent means the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, as applicable. 
 54 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 SECTION 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions . With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document 
 (a) The meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of the defined terms. 
 (b) (i) The words herein , hereto , hereof and hereunder and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document shall refer to such Loan Document as a whole and not to any particular provision thereof. 
 (ii) Article, Section, Exhibit and Schedule references are to the Loan Document in which such reference appears. 
 (iii) The term including is by way of example and not limitation. 
 (iv) The word or is not exclusive. 
 (v) The term documents includes any and all instruments, documents, agreements, certificates, notices, reports, financial statements and other writings, however evidenced, whether in physical or electronic form. 
 (c) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including the words to and until each mean to but excluding and the word through means to and including . 
 (d) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (e) For purposes of determining compliance with any Section of Article VII, in the event that any Lien, Investment, Indebtedness, Disposition, Restricted Payment, Affiliate transaction, Contractual Obligation, or prepayment of Indebtedness (or, in the case of any of the foregoing, any portion thereof) (whether at the time of incurrence or upon application of all or a portion of the proceeds thereof) meets the criteria of one or more of the baskets or categories of transactions permitted pursuant to any clause of such Sections or the definition of Available Incremental Amount (including within any applicable sub-clauses, sub-categories or sub-items thereunder), such transaction (or portion thereof) at any time, shall be permitted under one or more of such clauses at the time of such transaction or incurrence thereof or any later time from time to time, in each case, as determined by the Borrower in its sole discretion at such time and the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, classify and reclassify and, from time to time, later divide, classify or reclassify such Lien, Investment, Indebtedness, Disposition, Restricted Payment, Affiliate transaction, Contractual Obligation, or prepayment of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) among such clauses (including within any applicable sub-clauses, sub-categories or sub-items thereunder) in any manner not expressly prohibited by this Agreement. 
 SECTION 1.03 Accounting Terms . 
 (a) All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with GAAP, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, unless the Borrower has notified the Administrative Agent in writing that this Section 1.03(b) shall not apply with respect to an applicable Test Period on or prior to the delivery of financial statements for such Test Period pursuant to Section 6.01, the determination of whether a lease is a Capitalized Lease or a Non-Finance Lease shall, in each case, be determined without giving 
 55 

effect to ASC 842 Leases ), except that financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP (including giving effect to ASC 842 Leases )) as in effect at the time of such delivery). 
 SECTION 1.04 Rounding . Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement (or required to be satisfied in order for a specific action to be permitted under this Agreement) shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). 
 SECTION 1.05 References to Agreements, Laws, Etc. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, (a) references to Organization Documents, agreements (including the Loan Documents) and other contractual instruments shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments, restatements, amendments and restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications thereto, but only to the extent that such amendments, restatements, amendments and restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications are not prohibited by any Loan Document and (b) references to any Law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such Law. 
 SECTION 1.06 Times of Day . Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 
 SECTION 1.07 Timing of Performance . When the performance of any covenant, duty or obligation is stated to be required on a day which is not a Business Day, the date of such performance shall extend to the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 SECTION 1.08 Currency Equivalents Generally . 
 (a) With respect to Articles II, IX and X, the Administrative Agent or applicable L C Issuer, as applicable, shall determine the Spot Rates as of each Revaluation Date to be used for calculating the Dollar Equivalent of Loans and Letters of Credit outstanding hereunder denominated in Alternative Currencies. Such Spot Rates shall become effective as of such Revaluation Date and shall be the Spot Rates employed in converting any amounts for such purpose between the applicable currencies until the next Revaluation Date to occur. 
 (b) Wherever in this Agreement in connection with a borrowing, conversion, continuation or prepayment of a Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan or a SONIA Rate Loan or the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in Dollars, but such borrowing, Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan, SONIA Rate Loan or Letter of Credit is denominated in an Alternative Currency, such amount shall be the relevant Alternative Currency Equivalent of such Dollar amount (rounded to the nearest unit of such Alternative Currency, with 0.5 and above of a unit being rounded upward), as determined by the Administrative Agent or the relevant L C Issuer, as the case may be. 
 (c) Any amount specified in this Agreement (other than in Articles II, IX and X) or any of the other Loan Documents to be in Dollars shall also include the equivalent of such amount in any currency other than Dollars, such equivalent amount to be determined at the rate of exchange quoted by the Reuters World Currency Page for the applicable currency at 11 00 a.m. (London time) on such day (or, in the event such rate does not appear on any Reuters World Currency Page, by reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates as may be agreed upon by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, or, in the absence of such agreement, such rate shall instead be the arithmetic average of the spot rates of exchange of the Administrative Agent in the market where its foreign currency exchange operations in respect of such currency are then being conducted, at or about 10 00 a.m. (New York City time) on such date for the purchase of Dollars for delivery two (2) Business Days later). 
 (d) For purposes of determining the Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, the Total Net Leverage Ratio and the Consolidated Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio, the amount of Indebtedness shall reflect the currency translation effects, determined in accordance with GAAP, of Swap Contracts permitted hereunder for currency exchange risks with respect to the applicable currency in effect on the date of determination of the Dollar equivalent Equivalent of such Indebtedness. 
 (e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with Sections 7.01, 7.02 and 7.03 with respect to any amount of Indebtedness or Investment in a currency other than Dollars, no Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of changes in rates of currency exchange occurring after the time such Indebtedness or Investment is incurred (so long as such Indebtedness or Investment, at the time incurred, made or acquired, was permitted hereunder). 
 56 

(f) For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of a Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency, all interest shall accrue and be payable thereon based on the actual amount outstanding in such Alternative Currency (without any translation into the Dollar Equivalent thereof). 
 SECTION 1.09 Change of Currency . Each provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify with the Borrower s consent to appropriately reflect a change in currency of any country and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to such change in currency. 
 SECTION 1.10 Cumulative Growth Amount Transactions . If more than one action occurs on any given date the permissibility of the taking of which is determined hereunder by reference to the amount of the Cumulative Growth Amount immediately prior to the taking of such action, the permissibility of the taking of such action shall be determined independently and in no event may any two or more such actions be treated as occurring simultaneously. 
 SECTION 1.11 Pro Forma and Other Calculations . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, financial ratios and tests, including the Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio, the Total Net Leverage Ratio, and Interest Coverage Ratio and compliance with covenants determined by reference to Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated in the manner prescribed by this Section 1.11 provided , that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in clauses (b), (c), (d) or (e) of this Section 1.11, when calculating the Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio for purposes of the definition of Applicable Rate , for purposes of Section 2.06(b)(i) and Section 7.11 (other than for the purpose of determining pro forma compliance with Section 7.11), the events described in this Section 1.11 that occurred subsequent to the end of the applicable Test Period shall not be given pro forma effect. In addition, whenever a financial ratio or test is to be calculated on a pro forma basis, the reference to Test Period for purposes of calculating such financial ratio or test shall be deemed to be a reference to, and shall be based on, the most recently ended Test Period for which internal financial statements of the Borrower are available (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) (it being understood that for purposes of determining pro forma compliance with Section 7.11, if (i) no Test Period with an applicable level cited in Section 7.11 has passed, the applicable level shall be the level for the first Test Period cited in Section 7.11 with an indicated level and (ii) all Test Periods with an applicable level cited in Section 7.11 have passed, the applicable level shall be the level for the last Test Period cited in Section 7.11 with an indicated level). 
 (b) For purposes of calculating any financial ratio or test or compliance with any covenant determined by reference to Consolidated EBITDA, Specified Transactions (with any incurrence or repayment of any Indebtedness in connection therewith to be subject to clause (d) of this Section 1.11) that have been made (i) during the applicable Test Period or (ii) if applicable as described in clause (a) above, subsequent to such Test Period and prior to or simultaneously with the event for which the calculation of any such ratio is made shall be calculated on a pro forma basis assuming that all such Specified Transactions (and any increase or decrease in Consolidated EBITDA and the component financial definitions used therein attributable to any Specified Transaction) had occurred on the first day of the applicable Test Period. If since the beginning of any applicable Test Period any Person that subsequently became a Restricted Subsidiary or was merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries since the beginning of such Test Period shall have made any Specified Transaction that would have required adjustment pursuant to this Section 1.11, then such financial ratio or test shall be calculated to give pro forma effect thereto in accordance with this Section 1.11. 
 (c) Whenever pro forma effect is to be given to a Specified Transaction, the pro forma calculations shall be made in good faith by a responsible financial or accounting officer of the Borrower and may include, for the avoidance of doubt, the amount of run-rate cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies projected by the Borrower in good faith to be realized as a result of specified actions taken, committed to be taken or expected to be taken (calculated on a pro forma basis as though such cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies had been realized on the first day of such period and as if such cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies were realized during the entirety of such period and run-rate means the full recurring benefit for a period that is associated with any action taken, committed to be taken or expected to be taken (including any savings expected to result from the elimination of a public target s compliance costs with public company requirements) net of the amount of actual benefits realized during such period from such actions, and any such adjustments shall be included in the initial pro forma calculations of such financial ratios or tests (and in respect of any subsequent pro forma calculations in which such Specified Transaction or cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies are given pro forma effect) and during any applicable subsequent Test Period) relating to such Specified Transaction provided that (A) such amounts are reasonably identifiable and factually supportable in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, (B) such actions are taken, committed to be taken or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken or are expected in good faith to be taken no later than twenty-four (24) months after the date of such Specified Transaction, (C) no amounts shall be added to the extent duplicative of any amounts that are 
 57 

otherwise added back in computing Consolidated EBITDA (or any other components thereof), whether through a pro forma adjustment or otherwise, with respect to such period and (D) any increase to Consolidated EBITDA as a result of cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies pursuant to this Section 1.11(c) shall be subject to the limitation set forth in the further proviso of clause (a)(viii) of the definition of Consolidated EBITDA . 
 (d) In the event that (w) the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary incurs (including by assumption or guarantees) or repays (including by redemption, repayment, retirement or extinguishment) any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness incurred or repaid under any revolving credit facility in the ordinary course of business for working capital purposes) or (x) the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary issues, repurchases or redeems Disqualified Equity Interests, (i) during the applicable Test Period or (ii) subsequent to the end of the applicable Test Period and prior to or simultaneously with the event for which the calculation of any such ratio is made, then such financial ratio or test shall be calculated giving pro forma effect to such incurrence, repurchase or repayment of Indebtedness, or such issuance or redemption of Disqualified Equity Interests, in each case to the extent required, as if the same had occurred on the last day of the applicable Test Period (except in the case of the Interest Coverage Ratio (or similar ratio), in which case such incurrence, assumption, guarantee, redemption, repayment, retirement or extinguishment of Indebtedness or such issuance, repurchase or redemption of Disqualified Equity Interests will be given effect as if the same had occurred on the first day of the applicable Test Period). 
 (e) If any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being given pro forma effect, the interest on such Indebtedness shall be calculated as if the rate in effect on the date of the event for which the calculation of the Interest Coverage Ratio is made had been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any interest hedging arrangements applicable to such Indebtedness). Interest on a Capitalized Lease Obligation shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capitalized Lease Obligation in accordance with GAAP. Interest on Indebtedness that may optionally be determined at an interest rate based upon a factor of a prime or similar rate, a Eurocurrency an interbank offered rate, or other rate, shall be determined to have been based upon the rate actually chosen, or if none, then based upon such optional rate chosen as the Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary may designate. 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, with respect to any amounts incurred or transactions entered into (or consummated) (any such amounts or transactions, the Fixed Basket Amounts in reliance on a provision of this Agreement (including Revolving Credit Loans and, to the extent established or incurred under the Free and Clear Incremental Amount, Incremental Facilities and Incremental Equivalent Debt) that does not require compliance with a Financial Incurrence Test hereunder (any such provisions, including for the avoidance of doubt, any grower component based on Consolidated EBITDA, the Fixed Baskets ), in each case, substantially concurrently with any amounts incurred or transactions entered into (or consummated) (any such amounts or transactions, the Incurrence-Based Amounts in reliance on a provision of this Agreement that requires compliance with any financial ratio or test (including pro forma compliance with Section 7.11, any Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio test, any Consolidated Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio test, any Total Net Leverage Ratio test and or any Interest Coverage Ratio test) (any such financial ratio or test, a Financial Incurrence Test ), it is understood and agreed that the Fixed Basket Amounts shall be disregarded in the calculation of any Financial Incurrence Test applicable to Incurrence-Based Amounts in connection with such substantially concurrent incurrence provided that, notwithstanding anything else provided herein, any provision of this Agreement that is expressly limited by a fixed-dollar limitation (including any grower component based on a percentage of Consolidated EBITDA) and that includes, as a condition to utilization thereof or to entering into or consummating applicable amounts or transactions in reliance on such provision limited by a fixed-dollar limitation, a requirement of compliance with a Financial Incurrence Test, shall constitute a Fixed Basket hereunder. 
 SECTION 1.12 Limited Condition Transactions . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any Loan Document to the contrary, for purposes of 
 (a) determining compliance with any provision of this Agreement (other than actual compliance with the Financial Covenant) which requires calculation of the Interest Coverage Ratio, Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, Consolidated Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio, Total Net Leverage Ratio or any other applicable ratio, 
 (b) testing the amount or availability under baskets set forth in this Agreement (including the Cumulative Growth Amount and any baskets based on Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Net Income), or 
 (c) determining other compliance with this Agreement (including the determination of the accuracy of representations and warranties and or whether a Default or Event of Default (or any subset of Defaults or Events of Default) has occurred, is continuing or would result therefrom), 
 (d) in each case, in connection with a Limited Condition Transaction, the date of testing compliance with any ratio or provision of this Agreement (including whether any Default or Event of Default has occurred, is 
 58 

continuing or would result therefrom) and the date of testing the amount or availability of any basket shall, at the option of the Borrower (the Borrower s election to exercise such option in connection with any Limited Condition Transaction, an LCT Election ), be deemed to be the date the definitive agreement or a binding letter of intent for such Limited Condition Transaction is entered into (or, at the Borrower s election, the date of commencement of any tender offer or date of public notice or public offer for such Limited Condition Transaction) or the date of delivery of irrevocable notice with respect to such Limited Condition Transaction, as applicable (the LCT Test Date ), and if, after such ratios, baskets and other provisions are measured on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to such Limited Condition Transaction and the other transactions to be entered into in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) as if they occurred at the beginning of the most recent Test Period ending prior to the LCT Test Date, the Borrower could have taken such action on the relevant LCT Test Date in compliance with such ratios, baskets and provisions, such ratios, baskets and provisions shall be deemed to have been complied with. For the avoidance of doubt, (x) if any such ratios, baskets or other provisions for which compliance was determined or tested as of the LCT Test Date (including with respect to the incurrence of Indebtedness) are not satisfied as a result of fluctuations in such ratios or baskets (including due to fluctuations in Consolidated EBITDA or other components of such ratios or baskets) or other provisions at or prior to the consummation of the relevant Limited Condition Transaction, such ratios, baskets and other provisions will not be deemed to have failed to be satisfied or exceeded (or, with respect to the Interest Coverage Ratio, not reached) as a result of such fluctuations solely for purposes of determining whether the Limited Condition Transaction and related transactions are permitted hereunder provided , however , if any ratios or baskets improve as a result of such fluctuations, such improved ratios or baskets may be utilized and (y) such ratios, baskets and other provisions shall not be tested at the time of consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction or related transactions, unless the Borrower subsequently elects, in its sole discretion, to test such ratios and other provisions on the date such Limited Condition Transaction and related transactions are consummated. If the Borrower has made an LCT Election for any Limited Condition Transaction, then in connection with any subsequent calculation of any ratio or basket availability with respect to any other transaction on or following the relevant LCT Test Date and prior to the earlier of the date on which such Limited Condition Transaction is consummated or the date that the definitive agreement, binding letter of intent, tender offer, public offer or irrevocable notice for such Limited Condition Transaction is terminated or expires without consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction, any such ratio, basket or other provision (other than testing actual compliance with the Financial Covenant) shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis assuming such Limited Condition Transaction and the other transactions to be entered into in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) have been consummated. 
 SECTION 1.13 Cashless Rollovers . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, to the extent that any Lender extends the maturity date of, or replaces, renews or refinances, any of its then-existing Loans with Incremental Revolving Loans, Other Revolving Credit Loans, Extended Revolving Credit Loans, Incremental Term Loans, Other Term Loans, Extended Term Loans or loans incurred under a new credit facility under this Agreement, in each case, to the extent such extension, replacement, renewal or refinancing is effected by means of a cashless roll by such Lender pursuant to settlement mechanisms approved by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and such Lender, such extension, replacement, renewal or refinancing shall be deemed to comply with any requirement hereunder or any other Loan Document that such payment be made in dollars , in immediately available funds , in cash or any other similar requirement. 
 SECTION 1.14 Interest Rates LIBOR Benchmark Notification . The interest rate on a Loan denominated in Dollars or an Alternative Currency may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Regulators have signaled the need to use alternative benchmark reference rates for some of these interest rate benchmarks and, as a result, such interest rate benchmarks may cease to comply with applicable laws and regulations, may be permanently discontinued, and or the basis on which they are calculated may change. The London interbank offered rate LIBOR is intended to represent the rate at which contributing banks may obtain short-term borrowings from each other in the London interbank market. On March 5, 2021, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority FCA publicly announced the future cessation or loss of representativeness of the overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event, an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, Section 3.03(b) and (c) provide provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower, pursuant to Section 3.03(e), of any change to the reference rate upon which the interest rate on Eurocurrency Rate Loans is based. However, the Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to Daily Simple SONIA, LIBOR or other rates in the definition of LIBO Rate (or EURIBOR Rate , as applicable) any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof (including, without limitation, (i) any such alternative, successor or replacement rate implemented pursuant to Section 3.03(b) or (c), whether upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event, an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, and (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes pursuant to Section 3.03(d)) , including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, 
 59 

or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the Daily Simple RFR, the LIBO Rate (or the EURIBOR Rate, as applicable) existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did the London interbank offered rate (or the euro interbank offered rate, as applicable) any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of Daily Simple SONIA, any interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain SONIA, Daily Simple SONIA, the Eurocurrency Rate any interest rate used in this Agreement , any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 SECTION 1.15 Divisions . For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws) (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 
 ARTICLE II The Commitments and Credit Extensions 
 SECTION 2.01 The Loans . 
 (a) The Term Borrowings . 
 (i) Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the 2021 Amendment Agreement, each Term A Lender has made a term loan denominated in Dollars to the Borrower in an amount equal to such Term A Lender s Term A Loan Commitment on the 2021 Effective Date (each, a Term A Loan ). Amounts borrowed as Term A Loans that are repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. Term A Loans may be ABR Loans or Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans, as further provided herein. 
 (ii) Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the 2021 Amendment Agreement, each 2021 Term B Lender has made a term loan denominated in Dollars to the Borrower in an amount equal to such 2021 Term B Lender s 2021 Term B Loan Commitment on the 2021 Effective Date (each, a 2021 Term B Loan ). Amounts borrowed as 2021 Term B Loans that are repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. 2021 Term B Loans may be ABR Loans or Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans, as further provided herein. 
 (b) The Revolving Credit Borrowings . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Revolving Credit Lender severally agrees to make loans denominated in Dollars or any Alternative Currency to the Borrower (each such loan, a Revolving Credit Loan from time to time, on any Business Day from and including the Closing Date until the Maturity Date for the Revolving Credit Facility, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Revolving Credit Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment provided that after giving effect to any Revolving Credit Borrowing, the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Revolving Credit Loans of any Revolving Credit Lender, plus such Revolving Credit Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Outstanding Amount of all L C Obligations plus such Revolving Credit Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed such Revolving Credit Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment. Within the limits of each Revolving Credit Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.01(b), prepay under Section 2.06, and reborrow under this Section 2.01(b). Revolving Credit Loans may be ABR Loans, Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans or SONIA Rate Loans, as further provided herein provided that Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Euros may only be Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans and , Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling may only be SONIA Rate Loans and Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Australian Dollars may only be ABBR Loans ). 
 SECTION 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans . (a) Each Term Borrowing, each Revolving Credit Borrowing, each conversion of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be executed and delivered or given by telephone. Each 
 60 

such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than (i) 12 30 p.m. two (2) Business Days (or, in the case of a Revolving Credit Borrowing denominated in (x) Euro, three (3 Business Days and (y) Australian Dollars, four (4 Business Days) prior to the requested date of any Borrowing or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans or any conversion of ABR Loans to Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans, (ii) 1 00 p.m. five (5) Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of SONIA Rate Loans and (iii) 11 00 a.m. on the requested date of any Borrowing of ABR Loans or conversion of any Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans to ABR Loans. Each telephonic notice by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.02(a) must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a written Committed Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Each Borrowing of SONIA Rate Loans and each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans shall be in a principal amount of 1,000,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof (or, if such Borrowing is in an Alternative Currency, the Alternative Currency Equivalent of 1,000,000 and 100,000). Except as provided in Sections 2.03(c) and 2.04(c), each Borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof. Each Committed Loan Notice (whether telephonic or written) shall specify (i) whether the Borrower is requesting a Term Borrowing, a Revolving Credit Borrowing, a conversion of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans are to be converted, including, in the case of Revolving Credit Loans, the currency in which such Loans are to be denominated and (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto. If the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Loan in a Committed Loan Notice or fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then (x) the applicable Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Dollars shall be made as, or converted to, ABR Loans, (y) the applicable Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Euros or Australian Dollars shall be made as, or converted to, Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans with an Interest Period of one (1) month and (z) the applicable Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling shall be made as SONIA Rate Loans. Any such automatic conversion to ABR Loans shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans. If the Borrower requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans in any such Committed Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one (1) month. 
 (b) Following receipt of a Committed Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount of its Pro Rata Share of the applicable Class of Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to ABR Loans or continuation described in Section 2.02(a). In the case of each Borrowing, each Appropriate Lender shall make the amount of its Loan available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds at the Administrative Agent s Office not later than 1 00 p.m., in each case on the Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02, the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower in like funds as received in Dollars or any Alternative Currency, as applicable, by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of the Administrative Agent with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Borrower provided that if, on the date the Committed Loan Notice with respect to such Borrowing is given by the Borrower, there are Swing Line Loans or L C Borrowings outstanding, then the proceeds of such Borrowing shall be applied, first , to the payment in full of any such L C Borrowings, second , to the payment in full of any such Swing Line Loans, and third , to the Borrower as provided above. 
 (c) Except as otherwise provided herein, a Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan unless the Borrower pays the amount due, if any, under Section 3.05 in connection therewith. During the existence of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may require by notice to the Borrower that no Loans denominated in Dollars may be converted to or continued as Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans upon determination of such interest rate. The determination of the Eurocurrency Rate interest rate by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. 
 (e) After giving effect to all Term Borrowings, all Revolving Credit Borrowings, all conversions of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than ten (10) Interest Periods in effect (or such greater number as may be acceptable to the Administrative Agent) provided that after the establishment of any new Class of Loans pursuant to an Incremental Amendment (including for Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments), 
 61 

Refinancing Amendment or Extension Amendment, the number of Interest Periods otherwise permitted by this Section 2.02(e) shall increase by three (3) Interest Periods for each applicable Class so established. 
 (f) The failure of any Lender to make the Loan to be made by it as part of any Borrowing shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation, if any, hereunder to make its Loan on the date of such Borrowing, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make the Loan to be made by such other Lender on the date of any Borrowing. 
 (g) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the date of any Borrowing, or in the case of any Borrowing of ABR Loans, prior to 1 00 p.m. on the date of such Borrowing, that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s Pro Rata Share or other applicable share provided for under this Agreement of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such Pro Rata Share or other applicable share provided for under this Agreement available to the Administrative Agent on the date of such Borrowing in accordance with paragraph (b) above, and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower on such date a corresponding amount. If the Administrative Agent shall have so made funds available, then, to the extent that such Lender shall not have made such portion available to the Administrative Agent, each of such Lender and the Borrower severally agree to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to the Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at (i) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable at the time to the Loans comprising such Borrowing and (ii) in the case of such Lender, the Federal Funds Rate, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the foregoing. A certificate of the Administrative Agent submitted to any Lender with respect to any amounts owing under this Section 2.02(g) shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 2.03 Letters of Credit . 
 (a) The Letter of Credit Commitment . 
 (i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (A) each L C Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the other Revolving Credit Lenders set forth in this Section 2.03, (1) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from and including the Closing Date until the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, to issue Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars or any Alternative Currency for the account of the Borrower provided that any Letter of Credit may be for the benefit of any Subsidiary of the Borrower) and to amend or renew Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with Section 2.03(b), and (2) to honor drafts under the Letters of Credit and (B) the Revolving Credit Lenders severally agree to participate in Letters of Credit issued pursuant to this Section 2.03 provided that no L C Issuer shall be obligated to make any L C Credit Extension with respect to any Letter of Credit, and no Lender shall be obligated to participate in any Letter of Credit if as of the date of such L C Credit Extension, (x) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender would exceed such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment or (y) the Outstanding Amount of the L C Obligations would exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower s ability to obtain Letters of Credit shall be fully revolving, and accordingly the Borrower may, during the foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace Letters of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed. Each Letter of Credit shall be in form reasonably satisfactory to the L C Issuer. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2.03(a)(i) to the contrary, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. shall not be obligated to issue any commercial or trade (as opposed to standby) Letter of Credit. 
 (ii) An L C Issuer shall be under no obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if 
 (A) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such L C Issuer from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to such L C Issuer or any directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such L C Issuer shall prohibit, or direct that such L C Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such L C Issuer with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such L C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon such L C Issuer any 
 62 

unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date (for which such L C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) 
 (B) subject to Section 2.03(b)(iii), the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur more than twelve months after the date of issuance or last renewal, unless (1) the Required Revolving Lenders and the applicable L C Issuer have approved such expiry date or (2) the Outstanding Amount of L C Obligations in respect of such requested Letter of Credit has been Cash Collateralized or back-stopped by a letter of credit reasonably satisfactory to such L C Issuer 
 (C) the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless (1) all the Revolving Credit Lenders and the applicable L C Issuer have approved such expiry date or (2) the Outstanding Amount of L C Obligations in respect of such requested Letter of Credit has been Cash Collateralized or back-stopped by a letter of credit reasonably satisfactory to such L C Issuer 
 (D) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate any Laws binding upon such L C Issuer or 
 (E) the Letter of Credit is in a currency other than Dollars or any Alternative Currency 
 (F) the stated amount of each Letter of Credit shall be not less than 100,000 (or, if such Letter of Credit is in an Alternative Currency, the Alternative Currency Equivalent of 100,000) or such lesser amount as is acceptable to the applicable L C Issuer 
 (G) any Revolving Credit Lender is a Defaulting Lender at such time, unless such L C Issuer has entered into arrangements reasonably satisfactory to it and the Borrower to eliminate such L C Issuer s risk (after giving effect to Section 2.18(a)(iv)) with respect to the participation in Letters of Credit by such Defaulting Lender, including by cash collateralizing such Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Share of the L C Obligations. 
 (iii) An L C Issuer shall be under no obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) such L C Issuer would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to such Letter of Credit. 
 (b) Procedures for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit Auto-Renewal Letters of Credit . 
 (i) Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the case may be, upon the request of the Borrower delivered to an L C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the form of a Letter of Credit Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Such Letter of Credit Application must be received by the relevant L C Issuer and the Administrative Agent not later than 12 30 p.m. at least three (3) Business Days prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be or, in each case, such later date and time as the relevant L C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in its sole discretion. In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the relevant L C Issuer (a) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day) (b) the amount and currency thereof (c) the expiry date thereof (d) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof (e) if applicable, the purpose for which the Letter of Credit is to be issued (f) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder (g) the full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder and (h) such other matters as the relevant L C Issuer may reasonably request. In the case of a request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the relevant L C Issuer (1) the Letter of Credit to be amended (2) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a Business Day) (3) the nature of the proposed amendment and (4) such other matters as the relevant L C Issuer may reasonably request. 
 (ii) Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit Application, the relevant L C Issuer will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Letter of Credit Application from the Borrower and, if not, such L C Issuer will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Upon receipt by the relevant L C Issuer of confirmation from the Administrative Agent that the requested issuance or amendment is permitted in accordance with the terms hereof, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, such L C Issuer shall, on 
 63 

the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the Borrower or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be. Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Revolving Credit Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the relevant L C Issuer a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the product of such Lender s Pro Rata Share times the amount of such Letter of Credit. 
 (iii) If the Borrower so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Application, the relevant L C Issuer shall agree to issue a Letter of Credit that has automatic renewal provisions (each, an Auto-Renewal Letter of Credit provided that any such Auto-Renewal Letter of Credit must permit the relevant L C Issuer to prevent any such renewal at least once in each twelve month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the Nonrenewal Notice Date in each such twelve month period to be agreed upon at the time such Letter of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by the relevant L C Issuer, the Borrower shall not be required to make a specific request to the relevant L C Issuer for any such renewal. Once an Auto-Renewal Letter of Credit has been issued, the Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the relevant L C Issuer to permit the renewal of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless the Outstanding Amount of L C Obligations in respect of such requested Letter of Credit has been Cash Collateralized or back-stopped by a letter of credit reasonably satisfactory to the applicable L C Issuer provided that the relevant L C Issuer shall not permit any such renewal if (A) the relevant L C Issuer has determined that it would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its renewed form under the terms hereof (by reason of the provisions of Section 2.03(a)(ii) or otherwise), or (B) it has received notice (which may be by telephone or in writing) on or before the day that is five (5) Business Days before the Nonrenewal Notice Date from the Administrative Agent, any Revolving Credit Lender or the Borrower that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied. 
 (iv) Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, the relevant L C Issuer will also deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment. 
 (c) Drawings and Reimbursements Funding of Participations . 
 (i) Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice of a drawing under such Letter of Credit, the relevant L C Issuer shall notify promptly the Borrower and the Administrative Agent thereof. Not later than 11 00 a.m. on the second Business Day following any payment by an L C Issuer under a Letter of Credit (each such date, an Honor Date ), the Borrower shall reimburse such L C Issuer in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing, together with interest on the amount so paid or disbursed by such L C Issuer, to the extent not reimbursed on the date of such payment of disbursement. If the Borrower does not reimburse such L C Issuer by such time, the L C Issuer shall notify the Administrative Agent of the unreimbursed drawing and the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Appropriate Lender of the Honor Date, the amount of the unreimbursed drawing (which amount, to the extent denominated in an Alternative Currency, shall be the Dollar Equivalent thereof) (the Unreimbursed Amount ), and the amount of such Appropriate Lender s Pro Rata Share thereof. In such event, the Borrower shall be deemed to have requested a Revolving Credit Borrowing of ABR Loans to be disbursed on the Honor Date in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.02 for the principal amount of ABR Loans but subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Revolving Credit Commitments of the Appropriate Lenders and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than the delivery of a Committed Loan Notice). Any notice given by an L C Issuer or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.03(c)(i) may be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in writing provided that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice. 
 (ii) Each Appropriate Lender (including any Appropriate Lender acting as an L C Issuer) shall, regardless of whether the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 have been satisfied, upon any notice pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) make funds available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the relevant L C Issuer, in Dollars, at the Administrative Agent s Office for payments in an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share of the Unreimbursed Amount not later than 1 00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in such notice by the Administrative Agent, whereupon, subject to the provisions of Section 2.03(c)(iii), each Appropriate Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a ABR Loan to the Borrower in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the relevant L C Issuer. 
 64 

(iii) With respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced by a Revolving Credit Borrowing of ABR Loans because the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, the Borrower shall be deemed to have incurred from the relevant L C Issuer an L C Borrowing in the amount of the Unreimbursed Amount that is not so refinanced, which L C Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the Default Rate. In such event, each Appropriate Lender s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the relevant L C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(ii) shall be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such L C Borrowing and shall constitute an L C Advance from such Lender in satisfaction of its participation obligation under this Section 2.03. 
 (iv) Until each Appropriate Lender funds its Revolving Credit Loan or L C Advance pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) to reimburse the relevant L C Issuer for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Lender s Pro Rata Share of such amount shall be solely for the account of the relevant L C Issuer. 
 (v) Each Revolving Credit Lender s obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans or L C Advances to reimburse an L C Issuer for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit, as contemplated by this Section 2.03(c), shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the relevant L C Issuer, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, (C) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit, (D) any draft or other document presented under any Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, or (E) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing provided that each Revolving Credit Lender s obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) (but, for avoidance of doubt, not its obligation to pay Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(ii)), is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than delivery by the Borrower of a Committed Loan Notice). No such making of an L C Advance shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the relevant L C Issuer for the amount of any payment made by such L C Issuer under any Letter of Credit, together with interest as provided herein. 
 (vi) If any Revolving Credit Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the relevant L C Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.03(c) by the time specified in Section 2.03(c)(ii), such L C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to such L C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. A certificate of the relevant L C Issuer submitted to any Revolving Credit Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this Section 2.03(c)(vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (d) Repayment of Participations . 
 (i) If, at any time after an L C Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any Revolving Credit Lender such Lender s L C Advance in respect of such payment in accordance with Section 2.03(c), the Administrative Agent receives for the account of such L C Issuer any payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or interest thereon (whether directly from the Borrower or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent will distribute to such Lender its Pro Rata Share thereof (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Lender s L C Advance was outstanding) in the same funds as those received by the Administrative Agent. 
 (ii) If any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of an L C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) is required to be returned under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.06 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such L C Issuer in its discretion), each Appropriate Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such L C Issuer its Pro Rata Share thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned by such Lender, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. 
 (e) Obligations Absolute . The (i) obligation of the Borrower and (ii) the obligation of the Revolving Credit Lenders to reimburse the relevant L C Issuer for each drawing under each Letter of Credit issued by it and to repay each L C Borrowing shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances, including the following 
 65 

(i) any lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, this Agreement, or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto 
 (ii) the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that any Loan Party may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), the relevant L C Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction 
 (iii) any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit 
 (iv) any payment by the relevant L C Issuer under such Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit or any payment made by the relevant L C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law 
 (v) any exchange, release or nonperfection of any Collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from the Guaranty or any other guarantee, for all or any of the Obligations of any Loan Party in respect of such Letter of Credit 
 (vi) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default 
 (vii) any adverse change in any relevant exchange rates or in the relevant currency markets generally or 
 (viii) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, any Loan Party provided that the foregoing shall not excuse any L C Issuer from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable Law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by such L C Issuer s gross negligence or willful misconduct when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. 
 (f) Role of L C Issuers . Each Lender and the Borrower agree that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, the relevant L C Issuer shall not have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any draft, demand, certificate or other document expressly required by the Letter of Credit) or to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document or the authority of the Person executing or delivering any such document. None of the L C Issuers, any Agent-Related Person nor any of the respective correspondents, participants or assignees of any L C Issuer shall be liable to any Lender for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with the approval of the Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable (ii) any action taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct or (iii) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Letter of Credit Application. The Borrower hereby assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit provided that this assumption is not intended to, and shall not, preclude the Borrower s pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have against the beneficiary or transferee at law or under any other agreement. None of the L C Issuers, any Agent-Related Person, nor any of the respective correspondents, participants or assignees of any L C Issuer, shall be liable or responsible for any of the matters described in clauses (i) through (vi) of Section 2.03(e) provided that anything in such clauses to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower may have a claim against an L C Issuer, and such L C Issuer may be liable to the Borrower, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to consequential or exemplary, damages suffered by the Borrower which the Borrower proves were caused by such L C Issuer s willful misconduct or gross negligence or such L C Issuer s willful or grossly negligent failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it by the beneficiary of a draft, demand, certificate or other document strictly complying with the terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit (in each case, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment). In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, each L C Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and no L C Issuer shall be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason. 
 66 

(g) Cash Collateral . (i) If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing and the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, as applicable, require the Borrower to Cash Collateralize the L C Obligations pursuant to Section 8.02(c) or (ii) an Event of Default set forth under Section 8.01(f) occurs and is continuing, then the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize the then Outstanding Amount of all L C Obligations (in an amount equal to such Outstanding Amount determined as of the date of such Event of Default), and shall do so not later than 2 00 p.m. on (x) in the case of the immediately preceding clause (i), (1) the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice thereof, if such notice is received on such day prior to 12 00 Noon, or (2) if clause (1) above does not apply, the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower receives such notice and (y) in the case of the immediately preceding clause (ii), the Business Day on which an Event of Default set forth under Section 8.01(f) occurs or, if such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day immediately succeeding such day. For purposes hereof, Cash Collateralize means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the relevant L C Issuer and the Lenders, as collateral for the L C Obligations, cash or deposit account balances Cash Collateral pursuant to documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the relevant L C Issuer (which documents are hereby consented to by the Lenders). Derivatives of such term have corresponding meanings. The Borrower hereby grants to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the L C Issuers and the Lenders, a security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein and all proceeds of the foregoing. Cash Collateral shall be maintained in blocked accounts at the Administrative Agent and may be invested in readily available Cash Equivalents. If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that any funds held as Cash Collateral are subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) or that the total amount of such funds is less than the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all L C Obligations, the Borrower will, forthwith upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay to the Administrative Agent, as additional funds to be deposited and held in the deposit accounts at the Administrative Agent as aforesaid, an amount equal to the excess of (a) such aggregate Outstanding Amount over (b) the total amount of funds, if any, then held as Cash Collateral that the Administrative Agent reasonably determines to be free and clear of any such right and claim. Upon the drawing of any Letter of Credit for which funds are on deposit as Cash Collateral, such funds shall be applied, to the extent permitted under applicable Law, to reimburse the relevant L C Issuer. To the extent the amount of any Cash Collateral exceeds the then Outstanding Amount of such L C Obligations and so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the excess shall be refunded to the Borrower. To the extent any Event of Default giving rise to the requirement to Cash Collateralize any Letter of Credit pursuant to this Section 2.03(g) is cured or otherwise waived by the Required Lenders, then so long as no other Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, all Cash Collateral pledged to Cash Collateralize such Letter of Credit shall be refunded to the Borrower. 
 (h) Letter of Credit Fees . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Credit Lender in accordance with its Pro Rata Share a Letter of Credit fee for each Letter of Credit issued pursuant to this Agreement equal to the Applicable Rate times the daily maximum amount then available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit (determined without regard to whether any conditions to drawing could then be met). Such Letter of Credit fees shall be computed on a quarterly basis in arrears. Such Letter of Credit fees shall be due and payable in the currency in which such Letter of Credit is denominated on the fifteenth day after the end of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand. If there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the daily maximum amount of each Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. 
 (i) Fronting Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to L C Issuers . The Borrower shall pay directly to each L C Issuer for its own account a fronting fee with respect to each Letter of Credit issued by it equal to 0.125 per annum (or such other lower amount as may be mutually agreed by the Borrower and the applicable L C Issuer) of the daily maximum amount then available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit (determined without regard to whether any conditions to drawing could then be met). Such fronting fees shall be (x) computed on a quarterly basis in arrears and (y) due and payable on the fifteenth day after the end of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand. In addition, the Borrower shall pay directly to each L C Issuer for its own account the customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of such L C Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect. Such customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable within ten (10) Business Days of demand and are nonrefundable. 
 (j) Conflict with Letter of Credit Application . Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Letter of Credit Application, the terms hereof shall control. 
 (k) Addition of an L C Issuer . A Revolving Credit Lender may become an additional L C Issuer hereunder pursuant to a written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and such Revolving 
 67 

Credit Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Revolving Credit Lenders of any such additional L C Issuer. 
 (l) Provisions Related to Extended Revolving Credit Commitments . If the Letter of Credit Expiration Date in respect of any tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments occurs prior to the expiry date of any Letter of Credit, then (i) if consented to by the L C Issuer which issued such Letter of Credit, if one or more other tranches of Revolving Credit Commitments in respect of which the Letter of Credit Expiration Date shall not have so occurred are then in effect, such Letters of Credit for which consent has been obtained shall automatically be deemed to have been issued (including for purposes of the obligations of the Revolving Credit Lenders to purchase participations therein and to make Revolving Credit Loans and payments in respect thereof pursuant to Sections 2.03(c) and (d)) under (and ratably participated in by Revolving Credit Lenders pursuant to) the Revolving Credit Commitments in respect of such non-terminating tranches up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the aggregate principal amount of the unutilized Revolving Credit Commitments thereunder at such time (it being understood that no partial face amount of any Letter of Credit may be so reallocated) and (ii) to the extent not reallocated pursuant to immediately preceding clause (i) and unless provisions reasonably satisfactory to the applicable L C Issuer for the treatment of such Letter of Credit as a letter of credit under a successor credit facility have been agreed upon, the Borrower shall, on or prior to the applicable Maturity Date, cause all such Letters of Credit to be replaced and returned to the applicable L C Issuer undrawn and marked cancelled or to the extent that the Borrower is unable to so replace and return any Letter(s) of Credit, such Letter(s) of Credit shall be secured by a back to back letter of credit reasonably satisfactory to the applicable L C Issuer or the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize any such Letter of Credit in accordance with Section 2.03(g). Commencing with the Maturity Date of any tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments, the sublimit for Letters of Credit shall be agreed solely with the L C Issuer. 
 (m) Applicability of ISP. Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the L C Issuer and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued, the rules of the ISP shall apply to each Letter of Credit. 
 SECTION 2.04 Swing Line Loans . (a) The Swing Line . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swing Line Lender agrees to make loans (each such loan, a Swing Line Loan to the Borrower from time to time on any Business Day from and including the Closing Date until the Maturity Date for the Revolving Credit Facility in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of the Swing Line Sublimit, notwithstanding the fact that such Swing Line Loans, when aggregated with the Pro Rata Share of the Outstanding Amount of Revolving Credit Loans and L C Obligations of the Lender acting as Swing Line Lender, may exceed the amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment provided that (i) after giving effect to any Swing Line Loan, the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Revolving Credit Loans of any Lender (other than the relevant Swing Line Lender solely in its capacity as such), plus such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Outstanding Amount of all L C Obligations, plus such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment then in effect and (ii) notwithstanding the foregoing, the Swing Line Lender shall not be obligated to make any Swing Line Loans at a time when a Revolving Credit Lender is a Defaulting Lender, unless the Swing Line Lender has entered into arrangements reasonably satisfactory to it and the Borrower to eliminate the Swing Line Lender s risk (after giving effect to Section 2.18(a)(iv)) with respect to the Defaulting Lender s participation in such Swing Line Loans, including by cash collateralizing such Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Share of the outstanding amount of Swing Line Loans provided further that, the Borrower shall not use the proceeds of any Swing Line Loan to refinance any outstanding Swing Line Loan. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.04, prepay under Section 2.06, and reborrow under this Section 2.04. Each Swing Line Loan shall be a ABR Loan. Swing Line Loans shall only be denominated in Dollars. Immediately upon the making of a Swing Line Loan, each Revolving Credit Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the Swing Line Lender a risk participation in such Swing Line Loan in an amount equal to the product of such Lender s Pro Rata Share times the amount of such Swing Line Loan. 
 (b) Borrowing Procedures . Each Swing Line Borrowing shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent, which may be given by telephone. Each such notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 11 00 a.m. on the requested borrowing date, and shall specify (i) the amount to be borrowed, which shall be a minimum of 100,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof, and (ii) the requested borrowing date, which shall be a Business Day. Each such telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent of a written Swing Line Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Promptly after receipt by the Swing Line Lender of any telephonic Swing Line Loan Notice, the Swing Line Lender will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has also received such Swing Line Loan Notice and, if not, the Swing Line Lender will notify the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) of the contents thereof. Unless the Swing Line Lender has received notice (by telephone or in writing) from the Administrative Agent (including at the request of any Revolving Credit Lender) prior to 2 00 p.m. on the date of the proposed Swing Line Borrowing (A) directing the Swing Line Lender not to make such Swing Line Loan as a result of the limitations set forth in the first proviso to 
 68 

the first sentence of Section 2.04(a), or (B) that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Swing Line Lender will, not later than 3 00 p.m. on the borrowing date specified in such Swing Line Loan Notice, make the amount of its Swing Line Loan available to the Borrower. 
 (c) Refinancing of Swing Line Loans . (i) The Swing Line Lender at any time in its sole and absolute discretion may request, on behalf of the Borrower (which hereby irrevocably authorizes the Swing Line Lender to so request on its behalf), that each Revolving Credit Lender make a ABR Loan in an amount equal to such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the amount of Swing Line Loans then outstanding. Such request shall be made in writing (which written request shall be deemed to be a Committed Loan Notice for purposes hereof) and in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.02, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified therein for the principal amount of ABR Loans, but subject to the unutilized portion of the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02. The Swing Line Lender shall furnish the Borrower with a copy of the applicable Committed Loan Notice promptly after delivering such notice to the Administrative Agent. Each Revolving Credit Lender shall make an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share of the amount specified in such Committed Loan Notice available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds for the account of the Swing Line Lender at the Administrative Agent s Office not later than 1 00 p.m. on the day specified in such Committed Loan Notice, whereupon, subject to Section 2.04(c)(ii), each Revolving Credit Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a ABR Loan to the Borrower in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the Swing Line Lender. 
 (ii) If for any reason any Swing Line Loan cannot be refinanced by such a Revolving Credit Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.04(c)(i), the request for ABR Loans submitted by the Swing Line Lender as set forth herein shall be deemed to be a request by the Swing Line Lender that each of the Revolving Credit Lenders fund its risk participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan and each Revolving Credit Lender s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(i) shall be deemed payment in respect of such participation. 
 (iii) If any Revolving Credit Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.04(c) by the time specified in Section 2.04(c)(i), the Swing Line Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the Swing Line Lender at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. A certificate of the Swing Line Lender submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (iii) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (iv) Each Revolving Credit Lender s obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans or to purchase and fund risk participations in Swing Line Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the Swing Line Lender, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing provided that each Revolving Credit Lender s obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02. No such funding of risk participations shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to repay Swing Line Loans, together with interest as provided herein. 
 (d) Repayment of Participations . (i) At any time after any Revolving Credit Lender has purchased and funded a risk participation in a Swing Line Loan, if the Swing Line Lender receives any payment on account of such Swing Line Loan, the Swing Line Lender will distribute to such Lender its Pro Rata Share of such payment (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Lender s risk participation was funded) in the same funds as those received by the Swing Line Lender. 
 (ii) If any payment received by the Swing Line Lender in respect of principal or interest on any Swing Line Loan is required to be returned by the Swing Line Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.06 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Swing Line Lender in its discretion), each Revolving Credit Lender shall pay to the Swing Line Lender its Pro Rata Share thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate. The Administrative Agent will make such demand upon the request of the Swing Line Lender. 
 (e) Interest for Account of Swing Line Lender . The Swing Line Lender shall be responsible for invoicing the Borrower for interest on the Swing Line Loans. Until each Revolving Credit Lender funds its ABR 
 69 

Loan or risk participation pursuant to this Section 2.04 to refinance such Lender s Pro Rata Share of any Swing Line Loan, interest in respect of such Pro Rata Share shall be solely for the account of the Swing Line Lender. 
 (f) Payments Directly to Swing Line Lender . The Borrower shall make all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Swing Line Loans directly to the Swing Line Lender. 
 (g) Provisions Related to Extended Revolving Credit Commitments . If the Maturity Date shall have occurred in respect of any tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments (the Expiring Credit Commitment at a time when another tranche or tranches of Revolving Credit Commitments is or are in effect with a longer Maturity Date (each a Non-Expiring Credit Commitment and collectively, the Non-Expiring Credit Commitments ), then with respect to each outstanding Swing Line Loan, if consented to by the Swing Line Lender, on the earliest occurring Maturity Date such Swing Line Loan shall be deemed reallocated to the tranche or tranches of the Non-Expiring Credit Commitments on a pro rata basis provided that (x) to the extent that the amount of such reallocation would cause the aggregate credit exposure to exceed the aggregate amount of such Non-Expiring Credit Commitments, immediately prior to such reallocation (after giving effect to any repayments of Revolving Credit Loans and any reallocation of Letter of Credit participations as contemplated in Section 2.03(l)) the amount of Swing Line Loans to be reallocated equal to such excess shall be repaid and (y) notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Specified Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower shall still be obligated to pay Swing Line Loans allocated to the Revolving Credit Lenders holding the Expiring Credit Commitments at the Maturity Date of the Expiring Credit Commitment or if the Loans have been accelerated prior to the maturity date of the Expiring Credit Commitment. Commencing with the Maturity Date of any tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments, the sublimit for Swing Line Loans shall be agreed solely with the Swing Line Lender. 
 SECTION 2.05 Reserved . 
 SECTION 2.06 Prepayments . 
 (a) Optional . (i) Except as otherwise provided below in this Section 2.06(a), the Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay any Class or Classes of Term Loans and any Class or Classes of Revolving Credit Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty provided that (1) such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than (A) 12 30 p.m. two (2) Business Days (or, in the case of a prepayment of a Revolving Credit Loan denominated in (x) Euro, three (3) Business Days and (y) Australian Dollars, four (4) Business Days) prior to any date of prepayment of Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans, (B) 11 00 a.m. five (5) Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of SONIA Rate Loans and (C) 12 30 p.m. on the date of prepayment of ABR Loans (2) any prepayment of Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans or SONIA Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of 1,000,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof (or, if such Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan is in an Alternative Currency, the Alternative Currency Equivalent of 1,000,000 and 100,000) and (3) any prepayment of ABR Loans shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment, the Class(es) and Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid (such Class(es) and Type(s) of Loans to be selected by the Borrower) and in the case of a prepayment of Term Loans, the manner in which the Borrower elects to have such prepayment applied to the remaining repayments thereof provided that in the event such notice fails to specify the manner in which the respective prepayment of Term Loans shall be applied to repayments thereof required pursuant to Section 2.08(a), such prepayment of Term Loans shall be applied in direct order of maturity to repayments thereof required pursuant to Section 2.08(a). The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Appropriate Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender s Pro Rata Share of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of a Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest thereon, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05. Each prepayment of the Loans pursuant to this Section 2.06(a) shall be paid to the Appropriate Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares. Any prepayment of 2021 Term B Loans made on or prior to the date that is six months after the 2021 Effective Date in connection with a Repricing Transaction shall be accompanied by the payment by the Borrower of the fee set forth in Section 2.10(b). 
 (ii) The Borrower may, upon notice to the Swing Line Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at any time or from time to time, voluntarily prepay Swing Line Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty provided that (1) such notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1 00 p.m. on the date of the prepayment, and (2) any such prepayment shall be in a minimum principal amount of 100,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof or, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. 
 70 

(iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Borrower may rescind any notice of prepayment under Section 2.06(a)(i) or 2.06(a)(ii) if such prepayment would have resulted from a refinancing of all or a portion of a Facility, which refinancing shall not be consummated or shall otherwise be delayed. 
 (iv) Notwithstanding anything in any Loan Document to the contrary, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any Company Party may prepay the outstanding Term Loans (which shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be automatically and permanently canceled immediately upon such prepayment) (or Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries may purchase such outstanding Term Loans and immediately cancel them) on the following basis 
 (A) Any Company Party shall have the right to make a voluntary prepayment of Term Loans at a discount to par pursuant to a Borrower Offer of Specified Discount Prepayment, Borrower Solicitation of Discount Range Prepayment Offers or Borrower Solicitation of Discounted Prepayment Offers (any such prepayment, the Discounted Term Loan Prepayment ), in each case made in accordance with this Section 2.06(a)(iv). 
 (B) (1) Any Company Party may from time to time offer to make a Discounted Term Loan Prepayment by providing the Auction Agent with five (5) Business Days notice in the form of a Specified Discount Prepayment Notice provided that (I) any such offer shall be made available, at the sole discretion of the Company Party, to (x) each Term Lender and or (y) each Term Lender with respect to any Class of Term Loans on an individual tranche basis, (II) any such offer shall specify the aggregate principal amount offered to be prepaid (the Specified Discount Prepayment Amount with respect to each applicable tranche, the tranche or tranches of Term Loans subject to such offer and the specific percentage discount to par (the Specified Discount of such Term Loans to be prepaid (it being understood that different Specified Discounts and or Specified Discount Prepayment Amounts may be offered with respect to different tranches of Term Loans and, in such event, each such offer will be treated as a separate offer pursuant to the terms of this Section 2.06(a)(iv)(B)), (III) the Specified Discount Prepayment Amount shall be in an aggregate amount not less than 5,000,000 and whole increments of 1,000,000 in excess thereof and (IV) each such offer shall remain outstanding through the Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date. The Auction Agent will promptly provide each Appropriate Lender with a copy of such Specified Discount Prepayment Notice and a form of the Specified Discount Prepayment Response to be completed and returned by each such Term Lender to the Auction Agent (or its delegate) by no later than 5 00 p.m., on the third Business Day after the date of delivery of such notice to such Lenders (which date may be extended for a period not exceeding three (3) Business Days upon notice by the Company Party to the Auction Agent) (the Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date ). 
 (2) Each Term Lender receiving such offer shall notify the Auction Agent (or its delegate) by the Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date whether or not it agrees to accept a prepayment of any of its applicable then outstanding Term Loans at the Specified Discount and, if so (such accepting Lender, a Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender ), the amount and the tranches of such Lender s Term Loans to be prepaid at such offered discount. Each acceptance of a Discounted Term Loan Prepayment by a Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender shall be irrevocable. Any Term Lender whose Specified Discount Prepayment Response is not received by the Auction Agent by the Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date shall be deemed to have declined to accept the applicable Borrower Offer of Specified Discount Prepayment. 
 (3) If there is at least one (1) Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender, the relevant Company Party will make a prepayment of outstanding Term Loans pursuant to this paragraph (B) to each Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender on the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date in accordance with the respective outstanding amount and tranches of Term Loans specified in such Lender s Specified Discount Prepayment Response given pursuant to subsection (2) above provided that, if the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans accepted for prepayment by all Discount Prepayment Accepting Lenders exceeds the Specified Discount Prepayment Amount, such prepayment shall be made pro rata among the Discount Prepayment Accepting Lenders in accordance with the respective principal amounts accepted to be prepaid by each such Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender and the Auction Agent (in consultation with such Company Party and subject to rounding requirements of the Auction Agent made in its reasonable discretion) will calculate such proration (the Specified Discount Proration ). The Auction Agent shall promptly, and in any case within three (3) Business Days following the Specified 
 71 

Discount Prepayment Response Date, notify (I) the relevant Company Party of the respective Term Lenders responses to such offer, the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date and the aggregate principal amount of the Discounted Term Loan Prepayment and the tranches to be prepaid, (II) each Term Lender of the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date, and the aggregate principal amount and the tranches of Term Loans to be prepaid at the Specified Discount on such date and (III) each Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender of the Specified Discount Proration, if any, and confirmation of the principal amount, tranche and Type of Term Loans of such Term Lender to be prepaid at the Specified Discount on such date. Each determination by the Auction Agent of the amounts stated in the foregoing notices to the Company Party and such Term Lenders shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest error. The payment amount specified in such notice to the Company Party shall be due and payable by such Company Party on the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date in accordance with subsection (F) below (subject to subsection (J) below). 
 (C) (1) Any Company Party may from time to time solicit Discount Range Prepayment Offers by providing the Auction Agent with five (5) Business Days notice in the form of a Discount Range Prepayment Notice provided that (I) any such solicitation shall be extended, at the sole discretion of such Company Party, to (x) each Term Lender and or (y) each Term Lender with respect to any Class of Term Loans on an individual tranche basis, (II) any such notice shall specify the maximum aggregate principal amount of the relevant Term Loans (the Discount Range Prepayment Amount ), the tranche or tranches of Term Loans subject to such offer and the maximum and minimum percentage discounts to par (the Discount Range of the principal amount of such Term Loans with respect to each relevant tranche of Term Loans willing to be prepaid by such Company Party (it being understood that different Discount Ranges and or Discount Range Prepayment Amounts may be offered with respect to different tranches of Term Loans and, in such event, each such offer will be treated as a separate offer pursuant to the terms of this Section 2.06(a)(iv)(C)), (III) the Discount Range Prepayment Amount shall be in an aggregate amount not less than 5,000,000 and whole increments of 1,000,000 in excess thereof and (IV) each such solicitation by a Company Party shall remain outstanding through the Discount Range Prepayment Response Date. The Auction Agent will promptly provide each Appropriate Lender with a copy of such Discount Range Prepayment Notice and a form of the Discount Range Prepayment Offer to be submitted by a responding Lender to the Auction Agent (or its delegate) by no later than 5 00 p.m., on the third Business Day after the date of delivery of such notice to such Lenders (which date may be extended for a period not exceeding three (3) Business Days upon notice by the Company Party to the Auction Agent) (the Discount Range Prepayment Response Date ). Each Term Lender s Discount Range Prepayment Offer shall be irrevocable and shall specify a discount to par within the Discount Range (the Submitted Discount at which such Term Lender is willing to allow prepayment of any or all of its then outstanding Term Loans of the applicable tranche or tranches and the maximum aggregate principal amount and tranches of such Lender s Term Loans (the Submitted Amount such Term Lender is willing to have prepaid at the Submitted Discount. Any Term Lender whose Discount Range Prepayment Offer is not received by the Auction Agent by the Discount Range Prepayment Response Date shall be deemed to have declined to accept a Discounted Term Loan Prepayment of any of its Term Loans at any discount to their par value within the Discount Range. 
 (2) The Auction Agent shall review all Discount Range Prepayment Offers received on or before the applicable Discount Range Prepayment Response Date and shall determine (in consultation with such Company Party and subject to rounding requirements of the Auction Agent made in its sole reasonable discretion) the Applicable Discount and Term Loans to be prepaid at such Applicable Discount in accordance with this subsection (C). The relevant Company Party agrees to accept on the Discount Range Prepayment Response Date all Discount Range Prepayment Offers received by the Auction Agent within the Discount Range by the Discount Range Prepayment Response Date, in the order from the Submitted Discount that is the largest discount to par to the Submitted Discount that is the smallest discount to par, up to and including the Submitted Discount that is the smallest discount to par within the Discount Range (such Submitted Discount that is the smallest discount to par within the Discount Range being referred to as the Applicable Discount which yields a Discounted Term Loan Prepayment in an aggregate principal amount equal to the lower of (I) the Discount Range Prepayment Amount and (II) the sum of all Submitted Amounts. Each Term Lender that has submitted a Discount Range Prepayment Offer to accept prepayment at a discount to par that is larger than or equal to the Applicable Discount shall be deemed to have irrevocably consented to prepayment of Term Loans equal to its Submitted Amount 
 72 

(subject to any required proration pursuant to the following subsection (3)) at the Applicable Discount (each such Term Lender, a Participating Lender ). 
 (3) If there is at least one (1) Participating Lender, the relevant Company Party will prepay the respective outstanding Term Loans of each Participating Lender on the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date in the aggregate principal amount and of the tranches specified in such Lender s Discount Range Prepayment Offer at the Applicable Discount provided that if the Submitted Amount by all Participating Lenders offered at a discount to par greater than the Applicable Discount exceeds the Discount Range Prepayment Amount, prepayment of the principal amount of the relevant Term Loans for those Participating Lenders whose Submitted Discount is a discount to par greater than or equal to the Applicable Discount (the Identified Participating Lenders shall be made pro rata among the Identified Participating Lenders in accordance with the Submitted Amount of each such Identified Participating Lender and the Auction Agent (in consultation with such Company Party and subject to rounding requirements of the Auction Agent made in its sole reasonable discretion) will calculate such proration (the Discount Range Proration ). The Auction Agent shall promptly, and in any case within five (5) Business Days following the Discount Range Prepayment Response Date, notify (I) the relevant Company Party of the respective Term Lenders responses to such solicitation, the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date, the Applicable Discount, and the aggregate principal amount of the Discounted Term Loan Prepayment and the tranches to be prepaid, (II) each Term Lender of the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date, the Applicable Discount, and the aggregate principal amount and tranches of Term Loans to be prepaid at the Applicable Discount on such date, (III) each Participating Lender of the aggregate principal amount and tranches of such Term Lender to be prepaid at the Applicable Discount on such date, and (IV) if applicable, each Identified Participating Lender of the Discount Range Proration. Each determination by the Auction Agent of the amounts stated in the foregoing notices to the relevant Company Party and Term Lenders shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest error. The payment amount specified in such notice to the Company Party shall be due and payable by such Company Party on the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date in accordance with subsection (F) below (subject to subsection (J) below). 
 (D) (1) Any Company Party may from time to time solicit Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers by providing the Auction Agent with five (5) Business Days notice in the form of a Solicited Discounted Prepayment Notice provided that (I) any such solicitation shall be extended, at the sole discretion of such Company Party, to (x) each Term Lender and or (y) each Term Lender with respect to any Class of Term Loans on an individual tranche basis, (II) any such notice shall specify the maximum aggregate amount of the Term Loans (the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Amount and the tranche or tranches of Term Loans the applicable Company Party is willing to prepay at a discount (it being understood that different Solicited Discounted Prepayment Amounts may be offered with respect to different tranches of Term Loans and, in such event, each such offer will be treated as a separate offer pursuant to the terms of this Section 2.06(a)(iv)(D)), (III) the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Amount shall be in an aggregate amount not less than 5,000,000 and whole increments of 1,000,000 in excess thereof and (IV) each such solicitation by a Company Party shall remain outstanding through the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Response Date. The Auction Agent will promptly provide each Appropriate Lender with a copy of such Solicited Discounted Prepayment Notice and a form of the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer to be submitted by a responding Lender to the Auction Agent (or its delegate) by no later than 5 00 p.m., on the third Business Day after the date of delivery of such notice to such Term Lenders (which date may be extended for a period not exceeding three (3) Business Days upon notice by the Company Party to the Auction Agent) (the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Response Date ). Each Term Lender s Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer shall (x) be irrevocable, (y) remain outstanding until the Acceptance Date, and (z) specify both a discount to par (the Offered Discount at which such Term Lender is willing to allow prepayment of its then outstanding Term A Loan and the maximum aggregate principal amount and tranches of such Term Loans (the Offered Amount such Term Lender is willing to have prepaid at the Offered Discount. Any Term Lender whose Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer is not received by the Auction Agent by the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Response Date shall be deemed to have declined prepayment of any of its Term Loans at any discount. 
 (2) The Auction Agent shall promptly provide the relevant Company Party with a copy of all Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers received on or before the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Response Date. Such Company Party shall review all 
 73 

such Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers and select the largest of the Offered Discounts specified by the relevant responding Term Lenders in the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers that is acceptable to the Company Party in its sole discretion (the Acceptable Discount ), if any. If the Company Party elects, in its sole discretion, to accept any Offered Discount as the Acceptable Discount, then in no event later than by the third Business Day after the date of receipt by such Company Party from the Auction Agent of a copy of all Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers pursuant to the first sentence of this subsection (2) (the Acceptance Date ), the Company Party shall submit an Acceptance and Prepayment Notice to the Auction Agent setting forth the Acceptable Discount. If the Auction Agent shall fail to receive an Acceptance and Prepayment Notice from the Company Party by the Acceptance Date, such Company Party shall be deemed to have rejected all Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers. 
 (3) Based upon the Acceptable Discount and the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers received by Auction Agent by the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Response Date, within three (3) Business Days after receipt of an Acceptance and Prepayment Notice (the Discounted Prepayment Determination Date ), the Auction Agent will determine (in consultation with such Company Party and subject to rounding requirements of the Auction Agent made in its sole reasonable discretion) the aggregate principal amount and the tranches of Term Loans (the Acceptable Prepayment Amount to be prepaid by the relevant Company Party at the Acceptable Discount in accordance with this Section 2.06(a)(iv)(D). If the Company Party elects to accept any Acceptable Discount, then the Company Party agrees to accept all Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers received by Auction Agent by the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Response Date, in the order from largest Offered Discount to smallest Offered Discount, up to and including the Acceptable Discount. Each Term Lender that has submitted a Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer with an Offered Discount that is greater than or equal to the Acceptable Discount shall be deemed to have irrevocably consented to prepayment of Term Loans equal to its Offered Amount (subject to any required pro-rata reduction pursuant to the following sentence) at the Acceptable Discount (each such Lender, a Qualifying Lender ). The Company Party will prepay outstanding Term Loans pursuant to this subsection (D) to each Qualifying Lender in the aggregate principal amount and of the tranches specified in such Lender s Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer at the Acceptable Discount provided that if the aggregate Offered Amount by all Qualifying Lenders whose Offered Discount is greater than or equal to the Acceptable Discount exceeds the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Amount, prepayment of the principal amount of the Term Loans for those Qualifying Lenders whose Offered Discount is greater than or equal to the Acceptable Discount (the Identified Qualifying Lenders shall be made pro rata among the Identified Qualifying Lenders in accordance with the Offered Amount of each such Identified Qualifying Lender and the Auction Agent (in consultation with such Company Party and subject to rounding requirements of the Auction Agent made in its sole reasonable discretion) will calculate such proration (the Solicited Discount Proration ). On or prior to the Discounted Prepayment Determination Date, the Auction Agent shall promptly notify (I) the relevant Company Party of the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date and Acceptable Prepayment Amount comprising the Discounted Term Loan Prepayment and the tranches to be prepaid, (II) each Term Lender of the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date, the Acceptable Discount, and the Acceptable Prepayment Amount of all Term Loans and the tranches to be prepaid at the Applicable Discount on such date, (III) each Qualifying Lender of the aggregate principal amount and the tranches of such Term Lender to be prepaid at the Acceptable Discount on such date, and (IV) if applicable, each Identified Qualifying Lender of the Solicited Discount Proration. Each determination by the Auction Agent of the amounts stated in the foregoing notices to such Company Party and Term Lenders shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest error. The payment amount specified in such notice to such Company Party shall be due and payable by such Company Party on the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date in accordance with subsection (F) below (subject to subsection (J) below). 
 (E) In connection with any Discounted Term Loan Prepayment, the Company Parties and the Term Lenders acknowledge and agree that the Auction Agent may require as a condition to any Discounted Term Loan Prepayment, the payment of customary and documented fees and out-of-pocket expenses from a Company Party in connection therewith. 
 74 

(F) If any Term Loan is prepaid in accordance with paragraphs (B) through (D) above, a Company Party shall prepay such Term Loans on the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date, without premium or penalty. The relevant Company Party shall make such prepayment to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Discount Prepayment Accepting Lenders, Participating Lenders, or Qualifying Lenders, as applicable, at the Administrative Agent s Office in immediately available funds not later than 1 00 p.m. on the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date and all such prepayments shall be applied to the remaining principal installments of the relevant tranche of Term Loans on a pro-rata basis across such installments. The Term Loans so prepaid shall be accompanied by all accrued and unpaid interest on the par principal amount so prepaid up to, but not including, the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date. Each prepayment of the outstanding Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.06(a)(iv) shall be paid to the Discount Prepayment Accepting Lenders, Participating Lenders, or Qualifying Lenders, as applicable, and shall be applied to the relevant Term Loans of such Term Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Share or other applicable share hereunder. The aggregate principal amount of the tranches and installments of the relevant Term Loans outstanding shall be deemed reduced by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of the tranches of Term Loans prepaid on the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date in any Discounted Term Loan Prepayment. 
 (G) To the extent not expressly provided for herein, each Discounted Term Loan Prepayment shall be consummated pursuant to procedures consistent with the provisions in this Section 2.06(a)(iv), established by the Auction Agent acting in its reasonable discretion and as reasonably agreed by the applicable Company Party. 
 (H) Notwithstanding anything in any Loan Document to the contrary, for purposes of this Section 2.06(a)(iv), each notice or other communication required to be delivered or otherwise provided to the Auction Agent (or its delegate) shall be deemed to have been given upon the Auction Agent s (or its delegate s) actual receipt during normal business hours of such notice or communication provided that any notice or communication actually received outside of normal business hours shall be deemed to have been given as of the opening of business on the next Business Day. 
 (I) Each of the Company Parties and the Term Lenders acknowledge and agree that the Auction Agent may perform any and all of its duties under this Section 2.06(a)(iv) by itself or through any Affiliate of the Auction Agent and expressly consents to any such delegation of duties by the Auction Agent to such Affiliate and the performance of such delegated duties by such Affiliate. The exculpatory provisions pursuant to this Agreement shall apply to each Affiliate of the Auction Agent and its respective activities in connection with any Discounted Term Loan Prepayment provided for in this Section 2.06(a)(iv) as well as activities of the Auction Agent. 
 (J) Each Company Party shall have the right, by written notice to the Auction Agent, to revoke or modify its offer to make a Discounted Term Loan Prepayment and rescind the applicable Specified Discount Prepayment Notice, Discount Range Prepayment Notice or Solicited Discounted Prepayment Notice therefor at its discretion at any time on or prior to the applicable Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date. 
 (K) Any failure by such Company Party to make any prepayment to a Lender, as applicable, pursuant to this Section 2.06(a)(iv) shall not constitute a Default or Event of Default under Section 8.01 or otherwise. 
 (b) Mandatory . (i) Within five (5) Business Days after financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) and the related Compliance Certificate has been delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(a), the Borrower shall cause to be prepaid Term Loans in an aggregate principal amount equal to (A) 50 of Excess Cash Flow, if any, for the fiscal year covered by such financial statements (commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021) minus (B) the sum of (without duplication) 
 (1) all voluntary prepayments during such fiscal year (excluding any voluntary prepayments made during such fiscal year that reduced the amount required to be prepaid pursuant to this Section 2.06(b)(i) in the prior fiscal year) or after year-end and prior to when such Excess Cash Flow prepayment is due of (a) Term Loans and Revolving Credit Loans (to the extent the Revolving Credit Commitments are permanently reduced by the amount of such payments) made pursuant to Section 2.06(a) and repurchases pursuant to Section 10.07(m) provided that such reduction as a result of prepayments pursuant to Section 2.06(a)(iv) and repurchases pursuant to Section 10.07(m) shall be limited to the actual amount of such cash prepayment) and (b) other Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on any portion of the Collateral that ranks pari passu (but without regard to the control of remedies) with the Liens securing the Obligations provided 
 75 

that in the case of the prepayment of any revolving commitments, there is a corresponding reduction in commitments), excluding, in each case under this sub-clause (1), all such prepayments funded with the proceeds of other long-term Indebtedness (other than (1) any revolving Indebtedness or (2) any intercompany loans among the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries of amounts that are not otherwise proceeds of long-term Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness)) or issuances of Equity Interests 
 (2) without duplication of amounts deducted pursuant to clause (5) below in prior fiscal years, the amount of Capital Expenditures made in cash or accrued during such period, except to the extent that such Capital Expenditures were financed with the proceeds of Indebtedness (other than (1) any revolving Indebtedness or (2) any intercompany loans among the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries of amounts that are not otherwise proceeds of long-term Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness)) of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary 
 (3) without duplication of amounts deducted pursuant to clause (5) below in prior fiscal years, the amount of Investments and acquisitions made during such period pursuant to Sections 7.02(b), (f)(i) (to the extent contemplated on the 2021 Effective Date), (g), (i), (m), (n), (o), (w) and (x) to the extent that such Investments and acquisitions were financed with Internally Generated Cash 
 (4) without duplication of amounts deducted pursuant to clause (5) below in prior fiscal years, the amount of Restricted Payments paid during such period pursuant to Sections 7.06(g), (h), (i), (j), (m) and (o), in each case to the extent such Restricted Payments were financed with Internally Generated Cash and 
 (5) without duplication of amounts deducted pursuant to this clause (5) (or pursuant to the definition of Excess Cash Flow) in prior periods, the aggregate consideration required to be paid in cash by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to binding contracts (the Contract Consideration entered into prior to or during such period relating to Capital Expenditures, Investments of the type described in clause (3) above and Restricted Payments of the type described in clause (4) above to be consummated or made during the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower following the end of such period, provided that to the extent the aggregate amount of Internally Generated Cash actually utilized to finance such Capital Expenditures, Investments or Restricted Payments during such period of four consecutive fiscal quarters is less than the Contract Consideration, the amount of such shortfall shall be added to the calculation of Excess Cash Flow at the end of such period of four consecutive fiscal quarters 
 provided that (x) the percentage of Excess Cash Flow specified in clause (A) above shall instead be 25 if the Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the fiscal year covered by such financial statements was less than or equal to 3.75 to 1.00 but greater than 3.25 to 1.00 and (y) no payment of any Term Loans shall be required under this Section 2.06(b)(i) if the Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the fiscal year covered by such financial statements was less than or equal to 3.25 to 1.00. 
 (ii) (A) If (x) the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary Disposes of any property or assets (other than any Disposition of any property or assets permitted by Section 7.05(a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h), (i), (j), (m), (o), (p), (q), (r) or (s)) or (y) any Casualty Event occurs, which in the aggregate results in the realization or receipt by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary of Net Cash Proceeds, the Borrower shall cause to be prepaid on or prior to the date which is ten (10) Business Days after the date of the realization or receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds, Term Loans in an aggregate principal amount equal to 100 of all Net Cash Proceeds received provided that, if at the time that any such prepayment would be required, the Borrower is required to offer to repurchase or prepay Permitted Pari Passu Secured Refinancing Debt or Incremental Equivalent Debt or other Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.03 that is secured on a pari passu basis with the Obligations (or, in each case, any Indebtedness pursuant to a Permitted Refinancing in respect thereof that is secured on a pari passu basis with the Obligations) pursuant to the terms of the documentation governing such Indebtedness with such Net Cash Proceeds (such Permitted Pari Passu Secured Refinancing Debt or Incremental Equivalent Debt or other Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.03 that is secured on a pari passu basis with the Obligations (or, in each case, any Indebtedness pursuant to a Permitted Refinancing in respect thereof) required to be offered to be so repurchased or prepaid, Other Applicable Indebtedness ), then the Borrower may apply such Net Cash Proceeds on a pro rata basis (determined on the basis of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans and Other Applicable Indebtedness at such time provided , further that the portion of such net proceeds allocated to the Other Applicable Indebtedness shall not exceed the amount of such net proceeds required to be allocated to the Other Applicable Indebtedness pursuant to the terms thereof, and the remaining amount, if any, of such net proceeds shall be allocated to the Term Loans in accordance with the terms hereof) to the prepayment of the Term Loans and to the repurchase or 
 76 

prepayment of Other Applicable Indebtedness, and the amount of prepayment of the Term Loans that would have otherwise been required pursuant to this Section 2.06(b)(ii)(A) shall be reduced accordingly provided , further , that to the extent the holders of Other Applicable Indebtedness decline to have such Indebtedness repurchased or prepaid, the declined amount shall promptly (and in any event within ten (10) Business Days after the date of such rejection) be applied to prepay the Term Loans in accordance with the terms hereof provided , further that no such prepayment shall be required pursuant to this Section 2.06(b)(ii) with respect to such portion of such Net Cash Proceeds that the Borrower shall have, on or prior to such date, given written notice to the Administrative Agent of its intent to reinvest in accordance with Section 2.06(b)(ii)(B) 
 (B) With respect to any Net Cash Proceeds realized or received with respect to any Disposition (other than any Disposition specifically excluded from the application of Section 2.06(b)(ii)(A)) or any Casualty Event, at the option of the Borrower, the Borrower may reinvest all or any portion of such Net Cash Proceeds in assets useful for its business or the business of any of the Restricted Subsidiaries within (x) twelve (12) months following receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds or (y) if the Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary enters into a legally binding commitment to reinvest such Net Cash Proceeds within twelve (12) months following receipt thereof, within the later of (a) one hundred and eighty (180) days following the date of such legally binding commitment and (b) twelve (12) months following receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds provided that if any Net Cash Proceeds are no longer intended to be or cannot be so reinvested (whether because the applicable reinvestment period has expired or otherwise) at any time after delivery of a notice of reinvestment election, an amount equal to any such Net Cash Proceeds shall be applied within five (5) Business Days after the Borrower reasonably determines that such Net Cash Proceeds are no longer intended to be or cannot be so reinvested to the prepayment of the Term Loans as set forth in this Section 2.06. 
 (iii) If the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary incurs or issues any Indebtedness (A) not expressly permitted to be incurred or issued pursuant to any clause of Section 7.03 or (B) that constitute Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness, the Borrower shall cause to be prepaid Term Loans in an aggregate principal amount equal to 100 of all Net Cash Proceeds received therefrom on or prior to the date which is five (5) Business Days after the receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds. 
 (iv) Reserved . 
 (v) Reserved . 
 (vi) If for any reason, on any Revaluation Date for any Alternative Currency Borrowing or any Alternative Currency Letter of Credit, the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures exceeds the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments then in effect, the Borrower shall, within three (3) Business Days of notice thereof from the Administrative Agent, prepay or cause to be prepaid Revolving Credit Loans and Swing Line Loans and or Cash Collateralize the L C Obligations in an aggregate amount equal to such excess provided that the Borrower shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L C Obligations pursuant to this Section 2.06(b)(vi) unless after the prepayment in full of the Revolving Credit Loans and Swing Line Loans, such aggregate Outstanding Amount exceeds the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments then in effect. 
 (vii) If, as a result of any reduction in the Revolving Credit Commitments or otherwise (except in any case described in clause (vi) above), the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures exceeds the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments then in effect, the Borrower shall promptly prepay or cause to be promptly prepaid Revolving Credit Loans and Swing Line Loans and or Cash Collateralize the L C Obligations in an aggregate amount equal to such excess provided that the Borrower shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L C Obligations pursuant to this Section 2.06(b)(vii) unless after the prepayment in full of the Revolving Credit Loans and Swing Line Loans, such aggregate Outstanding Amount exceeds the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments then in effect. 
 (viii) Except with respect to Loans incurred in connection with any Refinancing Amendment, Term Loan Extension Request or any Incremental Amendment, (A) each prepayment of Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.06(b) shall be applied ratably to each Class of Term Loans then outstanding provided that (i) any prepayment of Term Loans with the Net Cash Proceeds of, or in exchange for, Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness shall be applied solely to each applicable Class of Refinanced Debt selected by the Borrower, and (ii) any Class of Extended Term Loans, Other Term Loans and Incremental Term Loans may specify that one or more other Classes of Term Loans may be prepaid prior to such Class of Extended Term Loans, Other Term Loans or Incremental Term Loans), (B) with respect to each Class of Term Loans, each prepayment pursuant to clauses (i) through (iii) of this Section 2.06(b) shall be applied in 
 77 

direct order of maturity to repayments thereof required pursuant to Section 2.08(a) or (b), as applicable, and (C) each prepayment of Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.06(b) shall be paid to the Appropriate Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares, subject to clause (ix) of this Section 2.06(b) in respect of Term Loans. Any prepayment of a Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan pursuant to this Section 2.06(b) shall be accompanied by all accrued interest thereon. 
 (ix) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing of any mandatory prepayment of Term Loans required to be made pursuant to clauses (i) through (iii) of this Section 2.06(b) at least three (3) Business Days prior to the date of any such prepayment. Each such notice shall specify the date of such prepayment and provide a reasonably detailed calculation of the amount of such prepayment. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Appropriate Lender of the contents of the Borrower s prepayment notice and of such Appropriate Lender s Pro Rata Share of the prepayment. Each Appropriate Lender may reject all or a portion of its Pro Rata Share of any mandatory prepayment of Term Loans required to be made pursuant to clauses (i) through (iii) of this Section 2.06(b) by providing written notice (each, a Rejection Notice to the Administrative Agent no later than 5 00 p.m. one Business Day after the date of such Lender s receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent regarding such prepayment provided that no Lender may reject any prepayment made under Section 2.06(b)(iii)(B). Each Rejection Notice from a given Lender shall specify the principal amount of the mandatory repayment of Term Loans to be rejected by such Lender (such amounts so rejected, Rejected Amounts ). If a Lender fails to deliver a Rejection Notice to the Administrative Agent within the time frame specified above or such Rejection Notice fails to specify the principal amount of the Term Loans to be rejected, any such failure will be deemed an acceptance of the total amount of such mandatory repayment of Term Loans. In the event a Lender rejects all or any portion of its Pro Rata Share of any mandatory prepayment of Term Loans required pursuant to clauses (i) through (iii) of this Section 2.06(b), the rejected portion of such Lender s Pro Rata Share of such prepayment shall be retained by the Borrower (such Rejected Amounts, the Borrower Retained Prepayment Amounts ). 
 (x) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Section 2.06, (i) to the extent that any of or all the Net Cash Proceeds of any Disposition by a Foreign Subsidiary Foreign Disposition ), the Net Cash Proceeds of any Casualty Event from a Foreign Subsidiary (a Foreign Casualty Event or Excess Cash Flow attributable to Foreign Subsidiaries are prohibited or delayed by applicable local law from being repatriated to the United States, the portion of such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow so affected will not be required to be applied to repay Term Loans at the times provided in this Section 2.06(b) but may be retained by the applicable Foreign Subsidiary so long, but only so long, as the applicable local law will not permit repatriation to the United States (the Borrower hereby agreeing to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the applicable Foreign Subsidiary to promptly take all actions reasonably required by the applicable local law to permit such repatriation), and once such repatriation of any of such affected Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow is permitted under the applicable local law, such repatriation will be promptly effected and an amount equal to such repatriated Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow will be promptly (and in any event not later than five (5) Business Days after such repatriation) applied (net of additional taxes payable or reserved against as a result thereof) to the repayment of the Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.06(b) to the extent provided herein and (ii) to the extent that the Borrower has determined in good faith that repatriation of any of or all the Net Cash Proceeds of any Foreign Disposition or any Foreign Casualty Event or Excess Cash Flow attributable to Foreign Subsidiaries would have material adverse tax consequences with respect to such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow, such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow so affected will not be required to be applied to repay Term Loans at the times provided in this Section 2.06(b) but may be retained by the applicable Foreign Subsidiary until such time as it may repatriate such amount without incurring such material adverse tax consequences (at which time such amount shall be repatriated to the Borrower and applied to repay the Term Loans). 
 (c) Funding Losses, Etc . All prepayments under this Section 2.06 shall be made together with, in the case of any such prepayment of a Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan on a date prior to the last day of an Interest Period therefor, any amounts owing in respect of such Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan pursuant to Section 3.05. Notwithstanding any of the other provisions of Section 2.06(b), so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, if any prepayment of Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans is required to be made under Section 2.06(b) (but excluding prepayments required under clause (vi) of Section 2.06(b)), prior to the last day of the Interest Period therefor, in lieu of making any payment pursuant to Section 2.06(b) in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan prior to the last day of the Interest Period therefor, the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, deposit the amount of any such prepayment otherwise required to be made thereunder into a Cash Collateral Account until the last day of such Interest Period, at which time the Administrative Agent shall be authorized (without any further action by or notice to or from the Borrower or any other Loan Party) to apply such amount to the prepayment of such Loans in accordance with Section 2.06(b). Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Administrative Agent shall also be authorized (without any further action by or notice to or from the Borrower or any other Loan Party) to apply such amount to the prepayment 
 78 

of the outstanding Loans in accordance with Section 2.06(b) and the Borrower shall be responsible for any amounts owing in respect of any Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan pursuant to Section 3.05. 
 SECTION 2.07 Termination or Reduction of Commitments . (a) Optional . The Borrower may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate the unused Commitments of any Class, or from time to time permanently reduce the unused Commitments of any Class provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent at least three (3) Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of 500,000 or any whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof and (iii) if, after giving effect to any reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit exceeds the amount of the Revolving Credit Facility, such sublimit shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess. The amount of any such Revolving Credit Commitment reduction shall not be applied to the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit unless otherwise specified by the Borrower or as otherwise provided in the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower may rescind or postpone any notice of termination of the Commitments if such termination would have resulted from a refinancing of all of the applicable Facility, which refinancing shall not be consummated or otherwise shall be delayed. 
 (b) Mandatory . The Term A Loan Commitment of each Term A Lender shall be automatically and permanently reduced to 0 upon the making of such Term A Lender s Term A Loans pursuant to the 2021 Amendment Agreement. The 2021 Term B Loan Commitment of each 2021 Term B Lender shall be automatically and permanently reduced to 0 upon the making of such 2021 Term B Lender s 2021 Term B Loans pursuant to the 2021 Amendment Agreement. The Revolving Credit Commitment of each Revolving Credit Lender shall automatically and permanently terminate on the Maturity Date for the Revolving Credit Facility provided that (x) the foregoing shall not release any Revolving Credit Lender from any liability it may have for its failure to fund Revolving Credit Loans, L C Advances or participations in Swing Line Loans that were required to be funded by it on or prior to such Maturity Date and (y) the foregoing will not release any Revolving Credit Lender from any obligation to fund its portion of L C Advances or participations in Swing Line Loans with respect to Letters of Credit issued or Swing Line Loans made prior to such Maturity Date. 
 (c) Application of Commitment Reductions Payment of Fees . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any termination or reduction of unused portions of the Letter of Credit Sublimit, the Swing Line Sublimit or the unused Commitments of any Class under this Section 2.07. Upon any reduction of unused Commitments of any Class, the Commitment of each Lender of such Class shall be reduced by such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the amount by which such Commitments are reduced (other than the termination of the Commitment of any Lender as provided in Section 3.07). All commitment fees accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Aggregate Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. 
 SECTION 2.08 Repayment of Loans . 
 (a) Term A Loans . 
 (i) The Borrower shall repay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the Term A Lenders (A) on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, an aggregate amount equal to (1) commencing with the last Business Day of the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2022 and ending on (and including) the last Business Day of the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2024, 0.625 of the aggregate principal amount of all Term A Loans outstanding on the 2021 Effective Date and (2) commencing with the last Business Day of the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2024 and ending on (and including) the last Business Day of the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2025, 1.25 of the aggregate principal amount of all Term A Loans outstanding on the 2021 Effective Date and (3) commencing with the last Business Day of the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2025 and ending on (and including) the last Business Day of the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2026, 1.875 of the aggregate principal amount of all Term A Loans outstanding on the 2021 Effective Date (which payments, in each case, shall be reduced as a result of the application of prepayments in accordance with the order of priority set forth in Section 2.06 and Section 10.07(m)) and (B) on the Maturity Date for the Term A Loans, the aggregate principal amount of all Term A Loans outstanding on such date. 
 (ii) The amount of any such payment set forth in clause (i) above shall be adjusted to account for the addition of any Incremental Term Loans, Extended Term Loans or Other Term Loans to contemplate (A) the reduction in the aggregate principal amount of any Term Loans that were paid down in connection with the incurrence of such Incremental Term Loans, Extended Term Loans or Other Term Loans, and (B) any increase to payments to the extent and as required pursuant to the terms of any applicable Incremental Amendment, Extension Amendment or Refinancing Amendment. 
 79 

(b) Term B Loans . 
 (i) The Borrower shall repay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the Term B Lenders (A) on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the last Business Day of the first full fiscal quarter ending after the 2021 Effective Date, an aggregate amount equal to 0.25 of the aggregate principal amount of all 2021 Term B Loans outstanding on the 2021 Effective Date (which payments shall be reduced as a result of the application of prepayments in accordance with the order of priority set forth in Section 2.06 and Section 10.07(m)) and (B) on the Maturity Date for the 2021 Term B Loans, the aggregate principal amount of all 2021 Term B Loans outstanding on such date. 
 (ii) The amount of any such payment set forth in clause (i) above shall be adjusted to account for the addition of any Incremental Term Loans, Extended Term Loans or Other Term Loans to contemplate (A) the reduction in the aggregate principal amount of any Term Loans that were paid down in connection with the incurrence of such Incremental Term Loans, Extended Term Loans or Other Term Loans, and (B) any increase to payments to the extent and as required pursuant to the terms of any applicable Incremental Amendment, Extension Amendment or Refinancing Amendment. 
 (c) Revolving Credit Loans . The Borrower shall repay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the Appropriate Lenders on the Maturity Date for the Revolving Credit Facility the aggregate principal amount of all of its Revolving Credit Loans outstanding on such date in the currency or currencies in which such Revolving Credit Loans were made. 
 (d) Swing Line Loans . The Borrower shall repay its Swing Line Loans on the earlier to occur of (i) the date five (5) Business Days after such Swing Line Loan is made and (ii) the Maturity Date for the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 (e) For the avoidance of doubt, all Loans shall be repaid, whether pursuant to this Section 2.08 or otherwise, in the currency in which they were made. 
 SECTION 2.09 Interest . 
 (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.09(b), (i) each Eurocurrency Rate Loan Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to Adjusted Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate, (ii) each Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Euros shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Eurocurrency Adjusted EURIBOR Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate (ii) , (iii) each Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Australian Dollars shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the AUD Bank Bill Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate, (iv) each SONIA Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable Borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA plus the Applicable Rate, iii v each ABR Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable Borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate and iv vi each Swing Line Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable Borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate for Revolving Credit Loans. 
 (b) The Borrower shall pay interest on past due amounts hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws provided that no interest at the Default Rate shall accrue or be payable to a Defaulting Lender so long as such Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender. Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. 
 (c) Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in the same currency in which the Loan is denominated in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 
 (d) All computations of interest hereunder shall be made in accordance with Section 2.11. 
 SECTION 2.10 Fees . In addition to certain fees described in Sections 2.03(h) and (i) 
 (a) Commitment Fee . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Credit Lender in accordance with its Pro Rata Share, a commitment fee equal to the Applicable Rate with 
 80 

respect to commitment fees times the actual daily amount by which the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitment exceeds the sum of (A) Outstanding Amount of Revolving Credit Loans (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any Swing Line Loans) and (B) the Outstanding Amount of L C Obligations provided that any commitment fee accrued with respect to any of the Revolving Credit Commitments of a Defaulting Lender during the period prior to the time such Lender became a Defaulting Lender and unpaid at such time shall not be payable by the Borrower so long as such Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender except to the extent that such commitment fee shall otherwise have been due and payable by the Borrower prior to such time and provided , further , that no commitment fee shall accrue on any of the Revolving Credit Commitments of a Defaulting Lender so long as such Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender. The commitment fee shall accrue at all times from the Closing Date until the Maturity Date for the Revolving Credit Facility, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the fifteenth day after the end of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after May 26, 2021, and on the Maturity Date for the Revolving Credit Facility. The commitment fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears, and if there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the actual daily amount shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. 
 (b) At the time of the effectiveness of any Repricing Transaction that is consummated on or prior to the date that is six months after the 2021 Effective Date, the Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable account of each 2021 Term B Lender with 2021 Term B Loans that are either prepaid, refinanced, substituted, replaced or otherwise subjected to a pricing reduction in connection with such Repricing Transaction (including each 2021 Term B Lender that withholds its consent to such Repricing Transaction and is replaced as a Lender, or whose outstanding 2021 Term B Loans are repaid in full, under Section 3.07), a fee in an amount equal to 1.0 of (x) in the case of a Repricing Transaction described in clause (i) of the definition thereof, the aggregate principal amount of all 2021 Term B Loans prepaid, refinanced, substituted or replaced in connection with such Repricing Transaction and (y) in the case of a Repricing Transaction described in clause (ii) of the definition thereof, the aggregate principal amount of all 2021 Term B Loans outstanding on such date that are subject to an effective pricing reduction pursuant to such Repricing Transaction. Such fees shall be earned, due and payable upon the date of the effectiveness of such Repricing Transaction. 
 (c) Other Fees . The Borrower shall pay to the Agents such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at the times so specified. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever (except as expressly agreed between the Borrower and the applicable Agent). 
 SECTION 2.11 Computation of Interest and Fees . All computations of interest for SONIA Rate Loans , ABBR Loans and ABR Loans when the Base Rate is determined by the Prime Rate shall be made on the basis of a year of three hundred and sixty-five (365) days (or three hundred and sixty six (366) days, as the case may be) and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a three hundred and sixty (360) day year and actual days elapsed. Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.13(a), bear interest for one (1) day. In computing interest on any Loan, the first day of an Interest Period applicable to such Loan or, with respect to a ABR Loan being converted from a Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan, the date of conversion of such Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan to such ABR Loan, as the case may be, shall be included, and the expiration date of an Interest Period applicable to such Loan or, with respect to a ABR Loan being converted to a Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan, the date of conversion of such ABR Loan to such Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan, as the case may be, shall be excluded. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
 SECTION 2.12 Evidence of Indebtedness . 
 (a) The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and evidenced by one or more entries in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent, acting solely for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 5f.103-1(c), as agent for the Borrower, in each case in the ordinary course of business. The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be prima facie evidence absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Borrower and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note payable to such Lender, which shall evidence such Lender s 
 81 

Loans in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. 
 (b) In addition to the accounts and records referred to in Section 2.12(a), each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records and, in the case of the Administrative Agent, entries in the Register in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.07(d), evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by the Administrative Agent in the Register and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the Register shall control in the absence of manifest error. 
 (c) Entries made in good faith by the Administrative Agent in the Register, and by each Lender in its account or accounts pursuant to Sections 2.12(a) and (b), shall be prima facie evidence of the amount of principal and interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to, in the case of the Register, each Lender and, in the case of such account or accounts, such Lender, under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, absent manifest error provided that the failure of the Administrative Agent or such Lender to make an entry, or any finding that an entry is incorrect, in the Register or such account or accounts shall not limit or otherwise affect the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 SECTION 2.13 Payments Generally . 
 (a) All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent s Office (x) with respect to repayments and prepayments of any Loans (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), in the currency in which such Loans are denominated, (y) with respect to payments in respect of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, in such Alternative Currency, and (z) with respect to any other payments, in Dollars, in each case in Same Day Funds not later than 2 00 p.m. on the date specified herein. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Pro Rata Share (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 2 00 p.m. shall in each case be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. 
 (b) If any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be provided that, if such extension would cause payment of interest on or principal of Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans to be made in the next succeeding calendar month, such payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Business Day. 
 (c) Unless the Borrower or any Lender has notified the Administrative Agent, prior to the date any payment is required to be made by it to the Administrative Agent hereunder, that the Borrower or such Lender, as the case may be, will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower or such Lender, as the case may be, has timely made such payment and may (but shall not be so required to), in reliance thereon, make available a corresponding amount to the Person entitled thereto. If and to the extent that such payment was not in fact made to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds, then 
 (i) if the Borrower failed to make such payment, each Lender shall forthwith on demand repay to the Administrative Agent the portion of such assumed payment that was made available to such Lender in Same Day Funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such amount was made available by the Administrative Agent to such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds at the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect and 
 (ii) if any Lender failed to make such payment, such Lender shall forthwith on demand pay to the Administrative Agent the amount thereof in Same Day Funds, together with interest thereon for the period from the date such amount was made available by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower to the date such amount is recovered by the Administrative Agent (the Compensation Period at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. When such Lender makes payment to the Administrative Agent (together with all accrued interest thereon), then such payment amount (excluding the amount of any interest which may have accrued and been paid in respect of such late payment) shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in the applicable Borrowing. If such Lender does not pay such amount forthwith upon the Administrative Agent s demand therefor, the Administrative Agent may make a demand therefor upon the Borrower, and the Borrower shall pay such amount to the Administrative Agent, together with interest thereon for the Compensation Period at a rate per annum equal 
 82 

to the rate of interest applicable to the applicable Borrowing. Nothing herein shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its Commitment or to prejudice any rights which the Administrative Agent or the Borrower may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder. 
 A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or the Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this Section 2.13(c) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (d) If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II, and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. 
 (e) The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Loans and to fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan or to fund any such participation on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan or purchase its participation. 
 (f) Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. 
 (g) Whenever any payment received by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents is insufficient to pay in full all amounts due and payable to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under or in respect of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents on any date, such payment shall be distributed by the Administrative Agent and applied by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in the order of priority set forth in Section 8.04. If the Administrative Agent receives funds for application to the Obligations of the Loan Parties under or in respect of the Loan Documents under circumstances for which the Loan Documents do not specify the manner in which such funds are to be applied, the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, elect to distribute such funds to each of the Lenders in accordance with such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the sum of (a) the Outstanding Amount of all Loans outstanding at such time and (b) the Outstanding Amount of all L C Obligations outstanding at such time, in repayment or prepayment of such of the outstanding Loans or other Obligations then owing to such Lender. 
 SECTION 2.14 Sharing of Payments . If, other than as expressly provided elsewhere herein, any Lender shall obtain on account of the Loans made by it, or the participations in L C Obligations and Swing Line Loans held by it, any payment of principal or interest (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of setoff, or otherwise) in excess of its ratable share (or other share contemplated hereunder) thereof, such Lender shall immediately (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase from the other Lenders such participations in the Loans made by them and or such subparticipations in the participations in L C Obligations or Swing Line Loans held by them, as the case may be, as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment in respect of such Loans or such participations, as the case may be, pro rata with each of them provided that if all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from the purchasing Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.06 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the purchasing Lender in its discretion), such purchase shall to that extent be rescinded and each other Lender shall repay to the purchasing Lender the purchase price paid therefor, together with an amount equal to such paying Lender s ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such paying Lender s required repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of any interest or other amount paid or payable by the purchasing Lender in respect of the total amount so recovered, without further interest thereon. For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to (A) any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement as in effect from time to time (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender) or (B) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans to any assignee or participant permitted hereunder. The Borrower agrees that any Lender so purchasing a participation from another Lender may, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of setoff, but subject to Section 10.09) with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. The Administrative Agent will keep records (which shall be conclusive and binding in the absence of manifest error) of participations purchased under this Section 2.14 and will in each case notify the Lenders following any such purchases or repayments. Each Lender that purchases a participation pursuant to this Section 2.14 shall from and after such purchase have the right to give all notices, requests, demands, directions and other communications under this Agreement with respect to the portion of the Obligations purchased to the same extent as though the purchasing Lender were the original owner of the Obligations purchased. 
 83 

SECTION 2.15 Extension of Term Loans Extension of Revolving Credit Loans . 
 (a) Extension of Term Loans . The Borrower may at any time and from time to time request that all or a portion of the Term Loans of a given Class (each, an Existing Term Loan Tranche be amended to extend the scheduled Maturity Date(s) with respect to all or a portion of any principal amount of such Term Loans (any such Term Loans which have been so amended, Extended Term Loans and to provide for other terms consistent with this Section 2.15. In order to establish any Extended Term Loans, the Borrower shall provide a notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall provide a copy of such notice to each of the Lenders under the applicable Existing Term Loan Tranche) (each, a Term Loan Extension Request setting forth the proposed terms of the Extended Term Loans to be established, which shall (x) be identical as offered to each Lender under such Existing Term Loan Tranche (including as to the proposed interest rates and fees payable, but excluding any arrangement, structuring or other fees payable in connection therewith that are not generally shared with all relevant Lenders) and offered pro rata to each Lender under such Existing Term Loan Tranche and (y) be identical to the Term Loans under the Existing Term Loan Tranche from which such Extended Term Loans are intended to be amended, except that (i) all or any of the scheduled amortization payments of principal of the Extended Term Loans may be delayed to later dates than the scheduled amortization payments of principal of the Term Loans of such Existing Term Loan Tranche, to the extent provided in the applicable Extension Amendment (ii) the All-In Yield with respect to the Extended Term Loans (whether in the form of interest rate margin, upfront fees, original issue discount or otherwise) may be different from the All-In Yield for the Term Loans of such Existing Term Loan Tranche, in each case, to the extent provided in the applicable Extension Amendment (iii) the Extension Amendment may provide for other covenants and terms that apply solely to any period after the Latest Maturity Date that is in effect on the effective date of the Extension Amendment (immediately prior to the establishment of such Extended Term Loans) and (iv) Extended Term Loans may have call protection as may be agreed by the Borrower and the Lenders thereof provided , however, that (A) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time a Term Loan Extension Request is delivered to Lenders, (B) all documentation in respect of such Extension Amendment shall be consistent with the foregoing and (C) any Extended Term Loans may participate on a pro rata basis or less than or greater than a pro rata basis in any voluntary repayments or prepayments of principal of Term Loans hereunder and on a pro rata basis or less than a pro rata basis (but not greater than a pro rata basis except in the case of a prepayment under Section 2.06(b)(iii)(B)) in any mandatory repayments or prepayments of principal of Term Loans hereunder, in each case as specified in the respective Term Loan Extension Request. Any Extended Term Loans amended pursuant to any Term Loan Extension Request shall be designated a series (each, a Term Loan Extension Series of Extended Term Loans for all purposes of this Agreement provided that any Extended Term Loans amended from an Existing Term Loan Tranche may, to the extent provided in the applicable Extension Amendment, be designated as an increase in any previously established Class of Term Loans (in which case scheduled amortization with respect thereto shall be proportionately increased). Each request for a Term Loan Extension Series of Extended Term Loans proposed to be incurred under this Section 2.15 shall be in an aggregate principal amount that is not less than 10,000,000 (it being understood that the actual principal amount thereof provided by the applicable Lenders may be lower than such minimum amount) and the Borrower may impose an Extension Minimum Condition with respect to any Term Loan Extension Request, which may be waived by the Borrower in its sole discretion. 
 (b) Extension of Revolving Credit Commitments . The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time request that all or a portion of the Revolving Credit Commitments (and related Revolving Credit Loans and other related extensions of Credit) of a given Class (each, an Existing Revolver Tranche be amended to extend the scheduled Maturity Date(s) with respect to all or a portion of such Revolving Credit Commitments (any such Revolving Credit Commitments which have been so amended, Extended Revolving Credit Commitments and the revolving loans thereunder, Extended Revolving Credit Loans and to provide for other terms consistent with this Section 2.15. In order to establish any Extended Revolving Credit Commitments, the Borrower shall provide a notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall provide a copy of such notice to each of the Lenders under the applicable Existing Revolver Tranche) (each, a Revolver Extension Request setting forth the proposed terms of the Extended Revolving Credit Commitments to be established, which shall (x) be identical as offered to each Lender under such Existing Revolver Tranche (including as to the proposed interest rates and fees payable, but excluding any arrangement, structuring or other fees payable in connection therewith that are not generally shared with all relevant Lenders) and offered pro rata to each Lender under such Existing Revolver Tranche and (y) be identical to the Revolving Credit Commitments under the Existing Revolver Tranche from which such Extended Revolving Credit Commitments are to be amended, except that (i) the Maturity Date of the Extended Revolving Credit Commitments may be delayed to a later date than the Maturity Date of the Revolving Credit Commitments of such Existing Revolver Tranche, to the extent provided in the applicable Extension Amendment provided , however , that at no time shall there be Classes of Revolving Credit Commitments hereunder (including Other Revolving Credit Commitments, Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments and Extended Revolving Credit Commitments) which have more than three (3) different Maturity Dates (unless otherwise consented to by the Administrative Agent) (ii) the All-In Yield with respect to extensions of credit under the Extended Revolving Credit Commitments (whether in the form of interest rate margin, upfront fees or otherwise) may be different than the All-In Yield for extensions of credit under the Revolving Credit Commitments of such Existing Revolver Tranche, in each case, to 
 84 

the extent provided in the applicable Extension Amendment (iii) the Extension Amendment may provide for other covenants and terms that apply solely to any period after the Latest Maturity Date that is in effect on the effective date of the Extension Amendment (immediately prior to the establishment of such Extended Revolving Credit Commitments) and (iv) all borrowings under the applicable Revolving Credit Commitments (i.e., the Existing Revolver Tranche and the Extended Revolving Credit Commitments of the applicable Revolver Extension Series) and repayments thereunder shall be made on a pro rata basis (except for (I) payments of interest and fees at different rates on Extended Revolving Credit Commitments (and related outstandings), (II) repayments required upon the Maturity Date of the non-extending Revolving Credit Commitments and (III) repayments made in connection with a permanent repayment and termination of commitments) and all Swing Line Loans and Letters of Credit shall be participated on a pro rata basis by all Lenders with Revolving Credit Commitments (subject to the provisions of Sections 2.03(l) and 2.04(g)) provided , further , that (A) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time a Revolver Extension Request is delivered to Lenders, (B) in no event shall the Maturity Date of any Extended Revolving Credit Commitments of a given Revolver Extension Series at the time of establishment thereof be earlier than the then Latest Maturity Date of any other Revolving Credit Commitments hereunder and (C) all documentation in respect of such Extension Amendment shall be consistent with the foregoing. Any Extended Revolving Credit Commitments amended pursuant to any Revolver Extension Request shall be designated a series (each, a Revolver Extension Series of Extended Revolving Credit Commitments for all purposes of this Agreement provided that any Extended Revolving Credit Commitments amended from an Existing Revolver Tranche may, to the extent provided in the applicable Extension Amendment, be designated as an increase in any previously established Class of Revolving Credit Commitments. Each request for a Revolver Extension Series of Extended Revolving Credit Commitments proposed to be incurred under this Section 2.15 shall be in an aggregate principal amount that is not less than 10,000,000 (it being understood that the actual principal amount thereof provided by the applicable Lenders may be lower than such minimum amount) and the Borrower may impose an Extension Minimum Condition with respect to any Revolver Extension Request, which may be waived by the Borrower in its sole discretion. 
 (c) Extension Request . The Borrower shall provide the applicable Extension Request at least five (5) Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent) prior to the date on which Lenders under the Existing Term Loan Tranche or Existing Revolver Tranche, as applicable, are requested to respond, and shall agree to such procedures, if any, as may be established by, or acceptable to, the Administrative Agent, in each case acting reasonably to accomplish the purposes of this Section 2.15. No Lender shall have any obligation to agree to have any of its Term Loans of any Existing Term Loan Tranche amended into Extended Term Loans or any of its Revolving Credit Commitments amended into Extended Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable, pursuant to any Extension Request. Any Lender holding a Loan under an Existing Term Loan Tranche wishing to have all or a portion of its Term Loans under the Existing Term Loan Tranche subject to such Extension Request amended into Extended Term Loans (each, an Extending Term Lender and any Revolving Credit Lender wishing to have all or a portion of its Revolving Credit Commitments under the Existing Revolver Tranche subject to such Extension Request amended into Extended Revolving Credit Commitments (each, an Extending Revolving Credit Lender ), as applicable, shall notify the Administrative Agent (each, an Extension Election on or prior to the date specified in such Extension Request of the amount of its Term Loans under the Existing Term Loan Tranche or Revolving Credit Commitments under the Existing Revolver Tranche, as applicable, which it has elected to request be amended into Extended Term Loans or Extended Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable (subject to any minimum denomination requirements imposed by the Administrative Agent). In the event that the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans under the Existing Term Loan Tranche or Revolving Credit Commitments under the Existing Revolver Tranche, as applicable, in respect of which applicable Term Lenders or Revolving Credit Lenders, as the case may be, shall have accepted the relevant Extension Request exceeds the amount of Extended Term Loans or Extended Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable, requested to be extended pursuant to the Extension Request, Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable, subject to Extension Elections shall be amended to Extended Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable, on a pro rata basis (subject to rounding by the Administrative Agent, which shall be conclusive) based on the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable, included in each such Extension Election. 
 (d) Extension Amendment . Extended Term Loans and Extended Revolving Credit Commitments shall be established pursuant to one or more amendments (each, an Extension Amendment to this Agreement among the Borrower, the other Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and each Extending Term Lender or Extending Revolving Credit Lender, as applicable, providing an Extended Term Loan or Extended Revolving Credit Commitment, as applicable, thereunder, which shall be consistent with the provisions set forth in Sections 2.15(a) or (b) above, respectively (but which shall not require the consent of any other Lender). The Commitments to provide Extended Term Loans or Extended Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable, shall become effective on the date specified in the applicable Extension Amendment, subject to the satisfaction of each of (i) the conditions set forth in Section 4.02, (ii) the Extension Minimum Condition (unless waived by the Borrower) and (iii) to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, receipt by the Administrative Agent of legal opinions, board resolutions and officers certificates consistent with those delivered on the 2021 Effective Date (conformed as 
 85 

appropriate) other than changes to such legal opinions resulting from a change in law, change in fact or change to counsel s form of opinion reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (ii) reaffirmation agreements and or such amendments to the Collateral Documents as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in order to ensure that the Extended Term Loans or Extended Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable, are provided with the benefit of the applicable Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each Extension Amendment. Each of the parties hereto hereby (A) agrees that this Agreement and the other Loan Documents may be amended pursuant to an Extension Amendment, without the consent of any other Lenders, to the extent (but only to the extent) necessary to (i) reflect the existence and terms of the Extended Term Loans or Extended Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable, incurred pursuant thereto, (ii) modify the scheduled repayments set forth in Section 2.08 with respect to any Existing Term Loan Tranche subject to an Extension Election to reflect a reduction in the principal amount of the Term Loans thereunder in an amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Extended Term Loans amended pursuant to the applicable Extension (with such amount to be applied ratably to reduce scheduled repayments of such Term Loans required pursuant to Section 2.08), (iii) modify the prepayments set forth in Section 2.06 to reflect the existence of the Extended Term Loans and the application of prepayments with respect thereto and (iv) effect such other amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.15, and the Required Lenders hereby expressly and irrevocably, for the benefit of all parties hereto, authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into any such Extension Amendment and (B) consent to the transactions contemplated by this Section 2.15 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payment of interest, fees or premiums in respect of any Extended Term Loans or Extended Revolving Credit Commitments on such terms as may be set forth in the relevant Extension Amendment). 
 (e) No Prepayment . No conversion or extension of Loans or Commitments pursuant to any Extension Amendment in accordance with this Section 2.15 shall constitute a voluntary or mandatory payment or prepayment for purposes of this Agreement. 
 (f) This Section 2.15 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.14 or 10.01 to the contrary. 
 SECTION 2.16 Incremental Borrowings . 
 (a) Incremental Commitments . The Borrower may at any time or from time to time after the 2021 Effective Date, by notice to the Administrative Agent (an Incremental Loan Request ), request (A) one or more new commitments which may be of the same Class as any outstanding Term A Loans (a Term A Loan Increase ), a new Class of term A loans Incremental Term A Loan Commitments ), (B) one or more new commitments which may be of the same Class as any outstanding 2021 Term B Loans (a Term B Loan Increase and, together with any Term A Loan Increase, the Term Loan Increase ), a new Class of term B loans Incremental Term B Loan Commitments and, collectively with any Term Loan Increase and Incremental Term A Loan Commitments, the Incremental Term Commitments and or (C) one or more increases in the amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments (a Revolving Commitment Increase or the establishment of one or more new revolving credit commitments in Dollars or any Alternative Currency (any such new commitments, collectively with any Revolving Commitment Increases, the Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments and the Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments, collectively with any Incremental Term Commitments, the Incremental Commitments ), whereupon the Administrative Agent shall promptly deliver a copy to each of the Lenders. 
 (b) Incremental Loans . Any Incremental Term Loans or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments (other than Term Loan Increases and Revolving Commitment Increases) made on an Incremental Facility Closing Date shall be designated a separate Class of Incremental Term Loans or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable, for all purposes of this Agreement. On any Incremental Facility Closing Date on which any Incremental Term Commitments of any Class are effected (including through any Term Loan Increase), subject to the satisfaction of the terms and conditions in this Section 2.16, (i) each Incremental Term Lender of such Class shall make a Loan to the Borrower (an Incremental Term Loan in an amount equal to its Incremental Term Commitment of such Class and (ii) each Incremental Term Lender of such Class shall become a Lender hereunder with respect to the Incremental Term Commitment of such Class and the Incremental Term Loans of such Class made pursuant thereto. On any Incremental Facility Closing Date on which any Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class are effected (including through any Revolving Commitment Increase), subject to the satisfaction of the terms and conditions in this Section 2.16, (i) each Incremental Revolving Credit Lender of such Class shall make its Commitment available to the Borrower (when borrowed, an Incremental Revolving Loan and collectively with any Incremental Term Loan, an Incremental Loan in an amount equal to its Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class and (ii) each Incremental Revolving Credit Lender of such Class shall become a Lender hereunder with respect to the Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class and the Incremental Revolving Loans of such Class made pursuant thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Incremental Term Loans may have identical terms to any of the Term Loans and be treated as the same Class as any of such Term Loans. 
 86 

(c) Incremental Loan Request . Each Incremental Loan Request from the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.16 shall set forth the requested amount and proposed terms of the relevant Incremental Term Loans or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments. Incremental Term Loans may be made, and Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments may be provided, by any existing Lender (but no existing Lender will have an obligation to make any Incremental Commitment, nor will the Borrower have any obligation to approach any existing Lenders to provide any Incremental Commitment) or by any other bank or other financial institution or other institutional lenders (any such other bank, other financial institution or other institutional lenders being called an Additional Lender (each such existing Lender or Additional Lender providing such Commitment or Loan, an Incremental Revolving Credit Lender or Incremental Term Lender , as applicable, and, collectively, the Incremental Lenders provided that the Administrative Agent, each Swing Line Lender and each L C Issuer shall have consented (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) to such Additional Lender s making such Incremental Term Loans or providing such Revolving Commitment Increases to the extent such consent, if any, would be required under Section 10.07(b) for an assignment of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable, to such Additional Lender. 
 (d) Effectiveness of Incremental Amendment . The effectiveness of any Incremental Amendment, and the Incremental Commitments thereunder, shall be subject to the satisfaction on the date thereof (the Incremental Facility Closing Date of each of the following conditions 
 (i) (A) other than as set forth in the immediately succeeding clause (B), no Event of Default shall exist after giving effect to such Incremental Commitments and (B) with respect to any Incremental Amendment in connection with a Limited Condition Transaction, no Specified Default shall exist after giving effect to such Incremental Commitments 
 (ii) (A) other than as set forth in the immediately succeeding clause (B), the representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in Article V and in each other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Incremental Facility Closing Date with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date provided that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates and (B) with respect to any Incremental Amendment in connection with a Limited Condition Transaction, the Specified Representations shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Incremental Facility Closing Date with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date provided that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates 
 (iii) each Incremental Term Commitment shall be in an aggregate principal amount that is not less than 25,000,000 provided that such amount may be less than 25,000,000 if such amount represents all remaining availability under the limit set forth in the next sentence) and each Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment shall be in an aggregate principal amount that is not less than 10,000,000 provided that such amount may be less than 10,000,000 if such amount represents all remaining availability under the limit set forth in the next sentence) 
 (iv) the aggregate principal amount of the Incremental Facilities from and after the 2021 Effective Date shall not exceed the Available Incremental Amount 
 (v) (A) to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, the receipt by the Administrative Agent of legal opinions, board resolutions and officers certificates consistent with those delivered on the 2021 Effective Date (conformed as appropriate) other than changes to such legal opinions resulting from a change in law, change in fact or change to counsel s form of opinion reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (ii) reaffirmation agreements and or such amendments to the Collateral Documents as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in order to ensure that the Incremental Loans or Incremental Commitments, as applicable, are provided with the benefit of the applicable Loan Documents, and (B) to the extent provided in the applicable Incremental Amendment, such other conditions as the Borrower and the Lenders providing such Incremental Commitments may agree. 
 (e) Required Terms . The terms, provisions and documentation of the Incremental Term Loans and Incremental Term Commitments or the Incremental Revolving Loans and Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments, as the case may be, of any Class shall be as agreed between the Borrower and the applicable Incremental Lenders providing such Incremental Commitments, and except as otherwise set forth herein, to the 
 87 

extent not identical to the Term A Loans, Term B Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable, each existing on the Incremental Facility Closing Date, shall be consistent with clauses (i) through (iii) below, as applicable, and otherwise shall (A) reflect market terms and conditions at the time of issuance (as determined by the Borrower in good faith), (B) not be materially more restrictive (taken as a whole) than those set forth in this Agreement (except for covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness and any Previously Absent Financial Maintenance Covenant provided the Administrative Agent is given prompt written notice of such Previously Absent Financial Maintenance Covenant and this Agreement is modified (it being understood the consent of the Required Lenders shall not be required for such modification) to include such Previously Absent Financial Maintenance Covenant for the benefit of each Facility provided , however , that if the applicable Previously Absent Financial Maintenance Covenant is a financial maintenance covenant solely for the benefit of Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments or Incremental Term A Loan Commitments, the Previously Absent Financial Maintenance Covenant shall not be required to be included in this Agreement for the benefit of the Term B Loan Facility hereunder but shall be included for the benefit of the Revolving Credit Facility and or the Term A Loan Facility hereunder, as applicable)), (C) are only applicable to periods after the Latest Maturity Date at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness or (D) are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent provided that in the case of a Term A Loan Increase, Term B Loan Increase or a Revolving Commitment Increase, the terms, provisions and documentation of such Term A Loan Increase, Term B Loan Increase or a Revolving Commitment Increase shall be identical (other than with respect to upfront fees, original issue discount or similar fees) to the applicable Term A Loans, Term B Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments being increased, in each case, as existing on the Incremental Facility Closing Date. In any event 
 (i) the Incremental Term Loans 
 (A) shall rank (I) pari passu in right of payment and (II) pari passu or junior in right of security with the Revolving Credit Loans and the Term Loans (and, if applicable, shall be subject to a Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement), 
 (B) as of the Incremental Facility Closing Date, (I) with respect to Incremental Term A Loans, shall not have a Maturity Date earlier than the Maturity Date with respect to the Term A Loans (prior to giving effect to any extensions thereof) and (II) with respect to Incremental Term B Loans, shall not have a Maturity Date earlier than the Maturity Date with respect to the 2021 Term B Loans (prior to giving effect to any extensions thereof), 
 (C) shall have an amortization schedule as determined by the Borrower and the applicable new Lenders provided that (I) Incremental Term A Loans shall have a Weighted Average Life to Maturity not shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Term A Loans on the date of incurrence of such Incremental Term A Loans (except by virtue of amortization or prepayment of the Term A Loans prior to the time of such incurrence) and (II) Incremental Term B Loans shall have a Weighted Average Life to Maturity not shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the 2021 Term B Loans on the date of incurrence of such Incremental Term B Loans (except by virtue of amortization or prepayment of the 2021 Term B Loans prior to the time of such incurrence), 
 (D) shall have an Applicable Rate and, subject to clauses (e)(i)(B) and (e)(i)(C) above and clause (e)(iii) below, amortization determined by the Borrower and the applicable Incremental Term Lenders, 
 (E) shall have fees determined by the Borrower and the applicable Incremental Term Loan arranger(s), 
 (F) may participate on a pro rata basis or less than or greater than a pro rata basis in any voluntary repayments or prepayments of principal of Term Loans hereunder and on a pro rata basis or less than a pro rata basis (but not greater than a pro rata basis except in the case of a prepayment under Section 2.06(b)(iii)(B)) in any mandatory repayments or prepayments of principal of Term Loans hereunder (or, if junior in right of security, shall be on a junior basis with respect thereto), and 
 (G) may not be (x) secured by any assets other than Collateral or (y) guaranteed by any Person other than a Guarantor. 
 88 

(ii) the Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments and Incremental Revolving Loans 
 (A) shall rank (I) pari passu in right of payment and (II) pari passu or junior in right of security with the Revolving Credit Loans and the Term Loans (and, if applicable, be subject to a Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement), 
 (B) shall provide that the borrowing, prepayments and repayment (except for (1) payments of interest and fees at different rates on Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments (and related outstandings), (2) repayments required upon the Maturity Date of the Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments and (3) repayment made in connection with a permanent repayment and termination of commitments (subject to clause (E) below)) of Loans with respect to Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments after the associated Incremental Facility Closing Date shall be made on a pro rata basis with all other Revolving Credit Commitments existing on the Incremental Facility Closing Date, 
 (C) subject to the provisions of Sections 2.03(l) and 2.04(g) to the extent dealing with Swing Line Loans and Letters of Credit which mature or expire after a Maturity Date when there exists Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments with a longer Maturity Date, all Swing Line Loans and Letters of Credit shall be participated on a pro rata basis by all Lenders with Commitments in accordance with their percentage of the Revolving Credit Commitments existing on the Incremental Facility Closing Date (and except as provided in Section 2.03(l) and Section 2.04(g), without giving effect to changes thereto on an earlier Maturity Date with respect to Swing Line Loans and Letters of Credit theretofore incurred or issued), 
 (D) may provide that the permanent repayment of Revolving Credit Loans with respect to, and termination or reduction of, Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments after the associated Incremental Facility Closing Date be made on a pro rata basis or less than pro rata basis (but not greater than pro rata basis) with all other Revolving Credit Commitments existing on the Incremental Facility Closing Date, including, for the avoidance of doubt, on a less than pro rata basis permitting the Borrower to permanently repay and terminate commitments of any earlier maturing Revolving Credit Commitments or Revolving Credit Loans prior to the permanent repayment and termination of the applicable Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments and Incremental Revolving Loans, 
 (E) shall provide that assignments and participations of Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments and Incremental Revolving Loans shall be governed by the same assignment and participation provisions applicable to Revolving Credit Commitments and Revolving Credit Loans existing on the Incremental Facility Closing Date, 
 (F) shall provide that any Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments may constitute a separate Class or Classes, as the case may be, of Commitments from the Classes constituting the applicable Revolving Credit Commitments prior to the Incremental Facility Closing Date provided at no time shall there be Revolving Credit Commitments hereunder (including Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments and any original Revolving Credit Commitments) which have more than three (3) different Maturity Dates unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent, 
 (G) shall have an Applicable Rate determined by the Borrower and the applicable Incremental Revolving Credit Lenders, subject to clause (e)(iii) below, 
 (H) shall have fees determined by the Borrower and the applicable Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments arranger(s), and 
 (I) may not be (x) secured by any asset other than Collateral or (y) guaranteed by any Person other than a Guarantor. 
 (iii) the All-In Yield applicable to the Incremental Term Loans or Incremental Revolving Loans of each Class shall be determined by the Borrower and the applicable Incremental Lenders and shall be set forth in each applicable Incremental Amendment provided , however , that with respect to any Incremental Term Loans funded after the 2021 Effective Date that (A) are secured on a pari passu basis with the Obligations, (B) are incurred pursuant to the Ratio Incremental Amount, (C) mature on or prior to the first anniversary of the Maturity Date of the 2021 Term B Loans, (D) are incurred prior to the date that is six months after the 2021 Effective Date, (E) are in the form of dollar-denominated broadly syndicated floating rate term B loans and (F) are not incurred or established in connection with any Permitted 
 89 

Acquisition or other similar permitted Investment (including minority investments and joint ventures) provided that the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, exclude any Incremental Term Loans from application of the MFN Protection (as defined below) to the extent such Incremental Term Loans are in an aggregate initial principal amount not exceeding the greater of (x) 246,000,000 and (y) 100 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period as of such time determined on a Pro Forma Basis), the All-In Yield applicable to such Incremental Term Loans shall not be greater than the applicable All-In Yield payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement as amended through the date of such calculation with respect to 2021 Term B Loans plus 75 basis points per annum unless the interest rate (together with, as provided in the proviso below, the Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark or Base Rate floor) with respect to the 2021 Term B Loans is increased so as to cause the then applicable All-In Yield under this Agreement on the 2021 Term B Loans to equal the All-In Yield then applicable to the Incremental Term Loans minus 75 basis points (collectively, the MFN Protection provided that any increase in All-In Yield to the 2021 Term B Loans due to the application or imposition of a Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark or Base Rate floor on any Incremental Term Loan shall be effected solely through an increase in (or implementation of, as applicable) any Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark or Base Rate floor applicable to the 2021 Term B Loans, in each case, solely to the extent that the application or imposition of such floor would cause an increase in the interest rate then in effect under the 2021 Term B Loans. 
 (f) Incremental Amendment . Commitments in respect of Incremental Term Loans and Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments shall become Commitments (or in the case of an Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment to be provided by an existing Revolving Credit Lender, an increase in such Lender s applicable Revolving Credit Commitment), under this Agreement pursuant to an amendment (an Incremental Amendment to this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by the Borrower, each Incremental Lender providing such Commitments and the Administrative Agent. The Incremental Amendment may, without the consent of any other Loan Party, Agent or Lender, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.16, including amendments as deemed necessary by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable judgment to effect any lien subordination and associated rights of the applicable Lenders to the extent any Incremental Loans are to rank junior in right of security. The Borrower will use the proceeds (if any) of the Incremental Term Loans and Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments for any purpose not prohibited by this Agreement. No Lender shall be obligated to provide any Incremental Term Loans or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments unless it so agrees. 
 (g) Reallocation of Revolving Credit Exposure . Upon any Incremental Facility Closing Date on which Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments are effected through an increase in the Revolving Credit Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.16, (a) if the increase relates to the Revolving Credit Facility, each of the Revolving Credit Lenders shall assign to each of the Incremental Revolving Credit Lenders, and each of the Incremental Revolving Credit Lenders shall purchase from each of the Revolving Credit Lenders, at the principal amount thereof, such interests in the Incremental Revolving Loans outstanding on such Incremental Facility Closing Date as shall be necessary in order that, after giving effect to all such assignments and purchases, such Revolving Credit Loans will be held by existing Revolving Credit Lenders and Incremental Revolving Credit Lenders ratably in accordance with their Revolving Credit Commitments after giving effect to the addition of such Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments to the Revolving Credit Commitments, (b) each Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment shall be deemed for all purposes a Revolving Credit Commitment and each Loan made thereunder shall be deemed, for all purposes, a Revolving Credit Loan and (c) each Incremental Revolving Credit Lender shall become a Lender with respect to the Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments and all matters relating thereto. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby agree that the minimum borrowing and prepayment requirements in Section 2.02 and 2.06(a) of this Agreement shall not apply to the transactions effected pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence. 
 (h) This Section 2.16 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.14 or 10.01 to the contrary. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 10.01, the Administrative Agent is expressly permitted, without the consent of any Lenders, any Swing Line Lender or L C Issuer, to amend the Loan Documents (including Section 2.08) to the extent necessary or appropriate in the reasonable discretion of the Administrative Agent to give effect to any Incremental Term Commitment or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.16 (which may be in the form of an amendment and restatement), including to provide to the Lenders of any Class of Loans or Commitments hereunder the benefit of any term or provision that is added under any Incremental Amendment for the benefit of the Lenders of any Incremental Commitments (including to the extent necessary or advisable to allow any Incremental Commitments to be a Term Loan Increase or Revolving Commitment Increase). 
 90 

SECTION 2.17 Refinancing Amendments . 
 (a) On one or more occasions after the 2021 Effective Date, the Borrower may obtain, from any Lender or any Additional Refinancing Lender, Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of all or any portion of any Class of Term Loans and the Revolving Credit Loans (or unused Revolving Credit Commitments) then outstanding under this Agreement (which for purposes of this clause (a) will be deemed to include any then outstanding Extended Term Loans, Other Term Loans or Incremental Term Loans), in the form of Other Term Loans, Other Term Loan Commitments, Other Revolving Credit Commitments or Other Revolving Credit Loans pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment provided that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.17 or otherwise, (1) the borrowing and repayment (except for (A) payments of interest and fees at different rates on Other Revolving Credit Commitments (and related outstandings), (B) repayments required upon the Maturity Date of the Other Revolving Credit Commitments and (C) repayment of principal made in connection with a permanent repayment and termination of commitments) of Loans with respect to Other Revolving Credit Commitments after the date of obtaining any Other Revolving Credit Commitments shall be made on a pro rata basis with all other Revolving Credit Commitments, (2) subject to the provisions of Sections 2.03(l) and 2.04(g) to the extent dealing with Swing Line Loans and Letters of Credit which mature or expire after a Maturity Date when there exist Extended Revolving Credit Commitments with a longer Maturity Date, all Swing Line Loans and Letters of Credit shall be participated on a pro rata basis by all Lenders with Commitments in accordance with their percentage of the Revolving Credit Commitments (and except as provided in Section 2.03(l) and Section 2.04(g), without giving effect to changes thereto on an earlier Maturity Date with respect to Swing Line Loans and Letters of Credit theretofore incurred or issued), (3) the permanent repayment of Revolving Credit Loans with respect to, and termination of, Other Revolving Credit Commitments after the date of obtaining any Other Revolving Credit Commitments shall be made on a pro rata basis with all other Revolving Credit Commitments, except that the Borrower shall be permitted to permanently repay and terminate commitments of any such Class on a better than a pro rata basis as compared to any other Class with a later Maturity Date than such Class of Other Revolving Credit Commitments or Revolving Credit Commitments and (4) assignments and participations of Other Revolving Credit Commitments and Other Revolving Credit Loans shall be governed by the same assignment and participation provisions applicable to Revolving Credit Commitments and Revolving Credit Loans. 
 (b) The effectiveness of any Refinancing Amendment shall be subject to the satisfaction on the date thereof of each of the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 and, to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, receipt by the Administrative Agent of (i) legal opinions, board resolutions and officers certificates consistent with those delivered on the 2021 Effective Date (conformed as appropriate) other than changes to such legal opinions resulting from a change in law, change in fact or change to counsel s form of opinion reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (ii) reaffirmation agreements and or such amendments to the Collateral Documents as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in order to ensure that such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness is provided with the benefit of the applicable Loan Documents. 
 (c) Each issuance of Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness under Section 2.17(a) shall be in an aggregate principal amount that is not less than 10,000,000. 
 (d) Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that this Agreement and the other Loan Documents may be amended pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment, without the consent of any other Lenders, to the extent (but only to the extent) necessary to (i) reflect the existence and terms of the Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness incurred pursuant thereto and (ii) effect such other amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.17, and the Required Lenders hereby expressly authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into any such Refinancing Amendment. 
 (e) This Section 2.17 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.14 or 10.01 to the contrary. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 10.01, the Administrative Agent is expressly permitted, without the consent of any Lenders, any Swing Line Lender or L C Issuer, to amend the Loan Documents (including Section 2.08) to the extent necessary or appropriate in the reasonable discretion of the Administrative Agent to give effect to any Other Term Loan Commitments or Other Revolving Credit Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.17 (which may be in the form of an amendment and restatement), including to provide to the Lenders of any Class of Loans or Commitments hereunder the benefit of any term or provision that is added under any Incremental Amendment for the benefit of the Lenders of any Other Term Commitments or Other Revolving Credit Commitments. 
 91 

SECTION 2.18 Defaulting Lenders . 
 (a) Adjustments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law 
 (i) Waivers and Amendments . That Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in Section 10.01. 
 (ii) Reallocation of Payments . Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of that Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise) shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows first , to the payment of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder second , to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the L C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder third , if so determined by the Administrative Agent or requested by the L C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, to be held as Cash Collateral for future funding obligations of that Defaulting Lender of any participation in any Swing Line Loan or Letter of Credit fourth , as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent fifth , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a non-interest bearing deposit account and released in order to satisfy obligations of that Defaulting Lender to fund Loans under this Agreement sixth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the L C Issuer or Swing Line Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the L C Issuer or Swing Line Lender against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement seventh , so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement and eighth , to that Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L C Borrowings in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share and (y) such Loans or L C Borrowings were made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L C Borrowings owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L C Borrowings owed to, that Defaulting Lender. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.18(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by that Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
 (iii) Certain Fees . That Defaulting Lender (x) shall not be entitled to receive any commitment fee pursuant to Section 2.10(a) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender) and (y) shall be limited in its right to receive Letter of Credit fees as provided in Section 2.03(h). 
 (iv) Reallocation of Pro Rata Share to Reduce Fronting Exposure . During any period in which there is a Defaulting Lender, for purposes of computing the amount of the obligation of each Non-Defaulting Lender to acquire, refinance or fund participations in Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans pursuant to Sections 2.03 and 2.04, the Pro Rata Share of each Non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Credit Loans and L C Obligations shall be computed without giving effect to the Revolving Credit Commitment of that Defaulting Lender provided that (i) each such reallocation shall be given effect only if, at the date the applicable Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, no Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) the aggregate obligation of each Non-Defaulting Lender to acquire, refinance or fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans shall not exceed the positive difference, if any, of (1) the Revolving Credit Commitment of that Non-Defaulting Lender minus (2) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Revolving Credit Loans and the L C Obligations of that Non-Defaulting Lender. 
 (b) Defaulting Lender Cure . If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender and each L C Issuer agree in writing in their sole discretion that a Defaulting Lender should no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase that portion of outstanding Loans 
 92 

of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Revolving Credit Loans of the applicable Facility and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata Share of the applicable Facility (without giving effect to Section 2.18(a)(iv)), whereupon that Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender and provided , further , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 ARTICLE III Taxes, Increased Costs Protection and Illegality 
 SECTION 3.01 Taxes . (a) For purposes of this Section 3.01, the term Lender includes each L C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender. 
 (b) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of Borrower (including any obligation that the Borrower may incur for the benefit of any of its Subsidiaries) under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable Law requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 (c) The Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law any Other Taxes imposed on the Borrower, and shall timely pay or reimburse any Recipient, as the case may be, for any Other Taxes paid or payable by such Recipient upon written demand (accompanied by a certificate complying with the requirements set forth in clause (d) below) therefor. 
 (d) The Borrower shall indemnify each Recipient, within 10 Business Days after written demand (accompanied by a certificate complying with the requirements set forth below) therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate setting forth in reasonable detail a description of such Indemnified Taxes and the amount of such payment or liability for Indemnified Taxes delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (e) Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 Business Days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.07(e) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e). 
 (f) As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 3.01, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (g) (i) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Recipient becomes a Recipient under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of IRS Form W-9 (or any successor form) certifying that such Recipient is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding Tax 
 93 

(ii) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 (A) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, duly executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or any successor form) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or any successor form) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 (B) duly executed originals of IRS Form W-8ECI (or any successor form) 
 (C) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) or 871(h) of the Code, (x) a duly executed certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit T-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) duly executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or any successor form) or 
 (D) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed originals of IRS Form W-8IMY (or any successor form), accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, a duly executed U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit T-2 or Exhibit T-3 , IRS Form W-9, and or successor forms thereof or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a duly executed U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit T-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner 
 (iii) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made 
 (iv) if a payment made to a Recipient under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Recipient were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Recipient shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Recipient has complied with such Recipient s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (iv), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement and 
 (v) on or before the date the Administrative Agent becomes a party to this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall provide to the Borrower two duly signed, properly completed copies of (i) IRS Form W-9 or any successor thereto, or (ii) (A) with respect to payments received on the Administrative Agent s own account, IRS Form W-8ECI or any successor thereto, and (B) with respect to payments received on account of any Lender, a U.S. branch withholding certificate on IRS Form W-8IMY or any successor thereto evidencing its agreement with the Borrower to be treated as a U.S. Person. 
 94 

Each Recipient agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (h) If any Recipient determines, in its reasonable discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund or overpayment credit in respect of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 3.01 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund or credit (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund or credit), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund or credit). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (h) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund or credit to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (h), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (h) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund or credit had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 (i) Each Lender agrees that, upon the occurrence of any event giving rise to the operation of Section 3.01(a) with respect to such Lender it will, if requested by the Borrower, use commercially reasonable efforts (subject to such Lender s overall internal policies of general application and legal and regulatory restrictions) to designate another Lending Office for any Loan or Letter of Credit affected by such event provided that such efforts are made on terms that, in the sole judgment of such Lender, cause such Lender and its Lending Office(s) to suffer no economic, legal or regulatory disadvantage, and provided , further , that nothing in this Section 3.01(i) shall affect or postpone any of the Obligations of the Borrower or the rights of such Lender pursuant to Section 3.01(a). 
 SECTION 3.02 Illegality . If any Lender reasonably determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Eurocurrency Rate Loans in the applicable currency Loans whose interest is determined by reference to a Relevant Rate , or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the applicable Eurocurrency a Relevant Rate, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, (i) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue any affected Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans or SONIA Loans in the affected Agreed Currency or, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars, to convert ABR Loans to Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans , shall be suspended, and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining ABR Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay all Term Benchmark Loans or SONIA Loans of such Lender in the affected Agreed Currency or, if applicable, convert all Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans of such Lender denominated in Dollars to ABR Loans (the interest rate on which ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans and (y) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Base Rate with respect to any ABR Loans, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR . Each Lender agrees to designate a different Lending Office if such designation will avoid the need for such notice and will not, in the good faith judgment of such Lender, otherwise be materially disadvantageous to such Lender. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. 
 95 

SECTION 3.03 Alternate Rate of Interest . (a) Subject to clauses (b) (b) , (c) (c) , (d) (d) , (e), (f) (e) and (g) (f) of this Section 3.03 , if 
 (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted LIBO Rate, the LIBO Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or the EURIBOR AUD Bank Bill Rate (including because the Relevant Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis), for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining Daily Simple SONIA or SONIA or 
 (ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Adjusted LIBO Rate, the LIBO Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or the EURIBOR AUD Bank Bill Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, Daily Simple SONIA or SONIA will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for Pounds Sterling 
 then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist , (A) any Interest Election Request and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Committed Loan Notice in accordance with the terms of Section 2.02, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars, any Committed Loan Notice that requests the conversion of any Revolving Credit Borrowing to, or continuation of any Revolving Credit Borrowing as, a Eurocurrency Rate Borrowing shall be ineffective, (B) if any Borrowing Request requests a Eurocurrency Revolving Credit Borrowing in Dollars, such Borrowing shall be made as a Term Benchmark Borrowing or that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be a Committed Loan Notice for an ABR Borrowing and C) if any Borrowing Request requests a Eurocurrency Rate Borrowing for the relevant rate above B) for Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency , any Committed Loan Notice that requests the conversion of any Revolving Credit Borrowing to, or continuation of any Revolving Credit Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing or that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing or a SONIA Rate Borrowing , then such request shall be ineffective provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings, then all other Types of Borrowings shall be permitted. Furthermore, if any Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan in any Agreed Currency or SONIA Rate Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 3.03(a) with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan or SONIA Rate Loan, then (x) until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist , (i) if such Eurocurrency Rate with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Committed Loan Notice in accordance with the terms of Section 2.02, (i) if such Term Benchmark Loan is denominated in Dollars, then on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day) , such Loan shall be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, a ABR Loan denominated in Dollars on such day, (ii) if such Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan is denominated in an Alternative Currency, then such Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day) bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency plus the CBR Spread provided that , if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any Alternative Currency shall, at the Borrower s election prior to such day (A) be prepaid by the Borrower on such day or (B) solely for the purpose of calculating the interest rate applicable to such Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan, such Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan denominated in any Alternative Currency shall be deemed to be a Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars and shall accrue interest at the same interest rate applicable to Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars at such time and (iii) such SONIA Rate Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for Pounds Sterling plus the CBR Spread provided that , if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for Pounds Sterling cannot be determined, any outstanding affected SONIA Rate Loans, at the Borrower s election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of Pounds Sterling) immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document (and any Swap Contract shall be deemed not to be a Loan Document for purposes of this Section 3.03), if a Benchmark Transition Event , an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current 
 96 

Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1 or (2 of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to Dollars for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause 3 2 of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to any Agreed Currency for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the applicable Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders (or, in the case of a Benchmark Replacement affecting fewer than all Facilities, the Required Facility Lenders for the applicable Facility or Facilities (voting together as one Facility) in lieu of Required Lenders) . 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document and subject to the proviso below in this paragraph, with respect to a Loan denominated in Dollars, if a Term SOFR Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then the applicable Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder or under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document provided that , this clause (c) shall not be effective unless the Administrative Agent has delivered to the Lenders and the Borrower a Term SOFR Notice. 
 (c) (d) In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (d) (e) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (1) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, (2) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (3) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (4) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (f) (e) below and (5) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 3.03, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.03. 
 (e) (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR , LIBO Rate, the EURIBOR Rate or EURIBOR the AUD Bank Bill Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (f) (g) Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request for a Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Borrowing or SONIA Rate Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, either (x) the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any request for a Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans or (y) any Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Borrowing or SONIA Rate Borrowing denominated in an Alternative Currency shall be ineffective. During any Benchmark 
 97 

Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of Base Rate. Furthermore, if any Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan or SONIA Rate Loan in any Agreed Currency is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan or SONIA Rate Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement for such Agreed Currency is implemented pursuant to this Section 3.03, (i) if such Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan is denominated in Dollars, then on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day) , such Loan shall be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, a ABR Loan denominated in Dollars on such day, (ii) if such Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan is denominated in any Alternative Currency, then such Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day) bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency plus the CBR Spread provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any Alternative Currency shall, at the Borrower s election prior to such day (A) be prepaid by the Borrower on such day or (b) solely for the purpose of calculating the interest rate applicable to such Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan, such Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan denominated in any Alternative Currency shall be deemed to be a Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars and shall accrue interest at the same interest rate applicable to Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars at such time or (iii) such SONIA Rate Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for Pounds Sterling plus the CBR Spread provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for Pounds Sterling cannot be determined, any outstanding affected SONIA Rate Loans, at the Borrower s election, shall either (a) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of Pounds Sterling) immediately or (b) be prepaid in full immediately. 
 SECTION 3.04 Increased Cost and Reduced Return Capital Adequacy Reserves on Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans . (a) If any Lender reasonably determines that as a result of a Change in Law, there shall be any increase in the cost to such Lender of agreeing to make or making, funding or maintaining Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans or (as the case may be) issuing or participating in Letters of Credit, or a reduction in the amount received or receivable by such Lender in connection with any of the foregoing (including any Taxes (other than (i) Indemnified Taxes or (ii) Excluded Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto and excluding for purposes of this Section 3.04(a) any such increased costs or reduction in amount resulting from reserve requirements contemplated by Section 3.04(b) , or Section 3.04(c) or the definition of Eurocurrency Rate ), then from time to time within fifteen (15) days after demand by such Lender setting forth in reasonable detail such increased costs (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent given in accordance with Section 3.06), the Borrower shall pay to such Lender such additional amounts as will compensate such Lender for such increased cost or reduction. 
 (b) If any Lender reasonably determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender s holding company, if any, regarding capital requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s capital or on the capital of such Lender s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by it, or participations in or issuance of Letters of Credit by such Lender, to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s policies and the policies of such Lender s holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time upon demand of such Lender setting forth in reasonable detail the charge and the calculation of such reduced rate of return (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower will pay to such Lender, as the case may be, within fifteen (15) days after demand by such Lender setting forth in reasonable detail the particulars of such reduction, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 (c) If and so long as any Lender lending from (or whose holding company constitutes) a branch or office located in a Participating Member State of the European Union that has adopted the Euro has reasonably determined that any requirement to comply with reserve assets, liquidity, cash margin or other requirements imposed by the European Central Bank or the European System of Central Banks after the 2021 Effective Date (but excluding increased costs or reductions contemplated by Section 3.04(a) , and Section 3.04(b) and the requirements reflected in the definition of Eurocurrency Rate in respect of any of such Lender s Revolving Credit Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency has the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s capital or on the capital of such Lender s holding company that could have been achieved but for such requirement (taking into consideration such Lender s policies and the policies of such Lender s holding company with respect to reserve assets, liquidity, cash margin or other applicable requirements), such Lender may require the Borrower to pay, contemporaneously with each payment of interest on such Loan, additional interest on such Loan at a rate per annum 
 98 

determined by such Lender to be the cost to such Lender of complying with such requirements in relation to such Loan. 
 (d) Any additional interest owed pursuant to Section 3.04(c) above shall be reasonably determined by the relevant Lender and notified to the Borrower, together with reasonable detail describing the particulars of such reduction (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) at least fifteen (15) days before each date on which interest is payable for the relevant Loan, and such additional interest so notified to the relevant Borrower by such Lender shall be payable to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender on each date on which interest is payable for such Loan. 
 SECTION 3.05 Break Funding Payments . (a) With respect to Loans that are not SONIA Rate Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan prior to the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or an optional or mandatory prepayment of Loans), (ii) the conversion of any Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan prior to the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (iii) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto, (iv) the assignment of any Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan prior to the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 3.07 or (v) the failure by the Borrower to make any payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereof) denominated in an Alternative Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event (excluding loss of anticipated profits or Applicable Rate). In the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan, such loss, cost or expense to any Lender shall be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (x) the amount of interest which would have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan had such event not occurred, at Adjusted Term SOFR, the Adjusted LIBO EURIBOR Rate or the Adjusted EURIBOR AUD Bank Bill Rate, as applicable, that would have been applicable to such Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Loan), over (y) the amount of interest which would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for deposits in the applicable Agreed Currency of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the applicable offshore interbank market for such Agreed Currency, whether or not such Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loan was in fact so funded. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
 (b) With respect to SONIA Rate Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any SONIA Rate Loan prior to the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or an optional or mandatory prepayment of Loans), (ii) the failure to borrow or prepay any SONIA Rate Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto, (iii) the assignment of any SONIA Rate Loan prior to the the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 3.07 or (iv) the failure by the Borrower to make any payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereof) denominated in an Alternative Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event (excluding loss of anticipated profits or Applicable Rate). A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
 SECTION 3.06 Matters Applicable to All Requests for Compensation . 
 (a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04, or the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01, or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02, then such Lender shall use commercially reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or issuing Letters of Credit hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04, as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02, as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender in any material economic, legal or regulatory respect provided , that nothing in this Section 3.06 shall affect or postpone any of the Obligations of the Borrower or the rights of such Lender pursuant to Section 3.04(a) or (b). 
 99 

(b) If any Lender requests compensation by the Borrower under Section 3.04, the Borrower may, by notice to such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), suspend the obligation of such Lender to make or continue Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans from one Interest Period to another Interest Period, or to convert ABR Loans into Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans, until the event or condition giving rise to such request ceases to be in effect provided that such suspension shall not affect the right of such Lender to receive the compensation so requested. 
 (c) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of Sections 3.01, 3.02, 3.03 or 3.04 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation, provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of Sections 3.01, 3.02, 3.03 or 3.04 for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than one hundred and eighty (180) days prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the event giving rise to such claim and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the circumstance giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 
 SECTION 3.07 Replacement of Lenders under Certain Circumstances . If (i) any Lender ceases to make Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans as a result of any condition described in Section 3.02 or Section 3.04, (ii) the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04, (iii) any Lender is a Non-Consenting Lender, (iv) any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, or (v) any other circumstance exists hereunder that gives the Borrower the right to replace a Lender as a party hereto, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon five (5) Business Days prior written notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, 
 (x) require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.07), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement (or, with respect to clause (iii) above, all of its interests, rights and obligations with respect to the Class of Loans or Commitments that is the subject of the related consent, waiver or amendment) and the related Loan Documents to one or more Eligible Assignees that shall assume such obligations (any of which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that 
 (a) the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee specified in Section 10.07(b)(ii)(B) 
 (b) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the applicable outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05) from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower 
 (c) such Lender being replaced pursuant to this Section 3.07 shall (1) execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption Agreement with respect to all, or a portion as applicable, of such Lender s Commitment and outstanding Loans and participations in L C Obligations and Swing Line Loans, and (2) deliver any Notes evidencing such Loans to the Borrower or Administrative Agent (or a lost or destroyed note indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in lieu thereof) provided that the failure of any such Lender to execute an Assignment and Assumption Agreement or deliver such Notes shall not render such sale and purchase (and the corresponding assignment) invalid and such assignment shall be recorded in the Register and the Notes shall be deemed to be canceled upon such failure 
 (d) the Eligible Assignee shall become a Lender hereunder and the assigning Lender shall cease to constitute a Lender hereunder with respect to such assigned Loans, Commitments and participations, except with respect to indemnification provisions under this Agreement, which shall survive as to such assigning Lender 
 (e) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter 
 (f) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws 
 (g) any Lender that acts as an L C Issuer may not be replaced hereunder at any time when it has any Letter of Credit outstanding hereunder unless arrangements reasonably satisfactory to such L C Issuer (including the furnishing of a back-up standby letter of credit in form and substance, and issued by an issuer, reasonably satisfactory to such L C Issuer or the depositing of cash collateral into a cash collateral account in amounts and pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to such L C Issuer) have been made with respect to each such outstanding Letter of Credit and 
 100 

(h) the Lender that acts as the Administrative Agent cannot be replaced in its capacity as Administrative Agent other than in accordance with Section 9.09, 
 or (y) terminate the Commitment of such Lender or L C Issuer, as the case may be, and (a) in the case of a Lender (other than an L C Issuer), repay all Obligations owing to such Lender relating to the Loans and participations held by such Lender as of such termination date (including, if applicable, the fee pursuant to Section 2.10(b)) and (b) in the case of an L C Issuer, repay all Obligations of the Borrower owing to such L C Issuer relating to the Loans and participations held by the L C Issuer as of such termination date and Cash Collateralize, cancel or backstop, or provide for the deemed reissuance under another facility, on terms reasonably satisfactory to such L C Issuer any Letters of Credit issued by it provided that in the case of any such termination of the Commitment of a Non-Consenting Lender such termination shall be sufficient (together with all other consenting Lenders) to cause the adoption of the applicable departure, waiver or amendment of the Loan Documents and such termination shall, with respect to clause (iii) above, be in respect of all of its interests, rights and obligations with respect to the Class of Loans or Commitments that is the subject of the related consent, waiver and amendment. 
 In the event that (i) the Borrower or the Administrative Agent has requested that the Lenders consent to a departure or waiver of any provisions of the Loan Documents or agree to any amendment thereto, (ii) the consent, waiver or amendment in question requires the agreement of each affected Lender or all the Lenders with respect to a certain Class or Classes of the Loans and or Commitments and (iii) the Required Lenders (or, in the case of a consent, waiver or amendment involving a certain Facility, the Required Facility Lenders) have agreed (but solely to the extent required by Section 10.01) to such consent, waiver or amendment, then any Lender who does not agree to such consent, waiver or amendment shall be deemed a Non-Consenting Lender . 
 In connection with any such replacement, (i) if the Lender to be replaced is a Non-Consenting Lender, the Borrower shall pay to each Non-Consenting Lender, concurrently with the effectiveness of the respective assignment, the fee set forth in Section 2.10(b) to the extent applicable and (ii) if any such Non-Consenting Lender or Defaulting Lender does not execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a duly executed Assignment and Assumption Agreement reflecting such replacement within five (5) Business Days of the date on which the assignee Lender executes and delivers such Assignment and Assumption Agreement to such Non-Consenting Lender or Defaulting Lender, then such Non-Consenting Lender or Defaulting Lender shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such Assignment and Assumption Agreement without any action on the part of the Non-Consenting Lender or Defaulting Lender 
 A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 SECTION 3.08 Survival . All of the Borrower s obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations hereunder and resignation of the Administrative Agent. 
 ARTICLE IV Conditions Precedent to Credit Extensions 
 SECTION 4.01 Conditions of Initial Credit Extension . The obligation of each 2021 Term B Lender to make the 2021 Term B Loans on the 2021 Effective Date and the obligation of each Term A Lender to make the Term A Loans on the 2021 Effective Date is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 5(a) of the 2021 Amendment Agreement. 
 SECTION 4.02 Conditions to All Credit Extensions . The obligation of each Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans or a Borrowing pursuant to any Incremental Amendment) is subject to the following conditions precedent 
 (a) The representations and warranties of the Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in Article V and in any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Credit Extension provided that, to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date provided , further , that, any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct in all respects on such respective dates. 
 (b) No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds therefrom. 
 101 

(c) The Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the relevant L C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender shall have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof. 
 Each Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other Type or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Term Benchmark Loans or a Borrowing under an Incremental Facility) submitted by the Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension. 
 ARTICLE V Representations and Warranties 
 The Borrower represents and warrants to the Agents and the Lenders that 
 SECTION 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power Compliance with Laws . Each Loan Party and each of the Restricted Subsidiaries (a) is a Person duly organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing (to the extent such concept exists under applicable Law) under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite corporate or organizational power and authority to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (c) is duly qualified and in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, (d) is in compliance with all Laws, orders, writs, injunctions and orders (including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (Pub. L. No. 95213, 101.104), as amended) and (e) has all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to operate its business as currently conducted except in each case referred to in clause (c), (d) or (e), to the extent that failure to do so, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 5.02 Authorization No Contravention . The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Person is a party are within such Loan Party s corporate or other powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (a) contravene the terms of any of such Person s Organization Documents, (b) result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under (other than as permitted by Section 7.01), or require any payment to be made under (i) (x) any Junior Financing Documentation and any other indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or loan agreement evidencing Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount in excess of the Threshold Amount or (y) any Contractual Obligation to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject or (c) violate any Law except with respect to any breach or contravention or payment (but not creation of Liens) referred to in clauses (b) and (c) above, to the extent that such breach, contravention or payment, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 5.03 Governmental Authorization Other Consents . No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with (a) the execution, delivery or performance by any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or for the consummation of the Transaction and (b) the grant by any Loan Party of the Liens granted by it pursuant to the Collateral Documents, except for (i) filings necessary to perfect the Liens on the Collateral granted by the Loan Parties in favor of the Secured Parties, (ii) the approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations, actions, notices and filings which have been duly obtained, taken, given or made and are in full force and effect, and (iii) those approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations or other actions, notices or filings, the failure of which to obtain or make, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 5.04 Binding Effect . This Agreement and each other Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is party thereto. This Agreement and each other Loan Document constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance with its terms, subject to Debtor Relief Laws, general principles of equity (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law) and an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. 
 SECTION 5.05 Financial Statements No Material Adverse Effect . 
 (a) The Audited Financial Statements and the Unaudited Financial Statements fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the periods 
 102 

covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein (subject, in the case of the Unaudited Financial Statements, to normal year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes). 
 (b) Since the 2021 Effective Date, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 5.06 Litigation . There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries or against any of their properties or revenues that, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 5.07 No Default . Neither the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary is in default under or with respect to, or a party to, any Contractual Obligation that could, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 5.08 Ownership of Property Liens . The Borrower and each of the Restricted Subsidiaries has good, valid and marketable title in fee simple to, or valid leasehold interests in, or easements or other limited property interests in, all real property necessary in the ordinary conduct of its business, free and clear of all Liens except for minor defects in title that do not materially interfere with its ability to conduct its business or to utilize such assets for their intended purposes and Liens permitted by Section 7.01 and except where the failure to have such title could not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 5.09 Environmental Compliance . 
 (a) There are no claims, actions, suits, or proceedings against Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries alleging potential liability or responsibility for violation of, or otherwise relating to, any Environmental Law that could, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) Except as could not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect (i) none of the properties currently or formerly owned, leased or operated by Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries is listed or proposed for listing on the NPL or on the CERCLIS or any analogous foreign, state or local list or is adjacent to any such property (ii) there are no and never have been any underground or aboveground storage tanks or any surface impoundments, septic tanks, pits, sumps or lagoons in which Hazardous Materials are being or have been treated, stored or disposed on any property currently owned, leased or operated by Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries or, to its knowledge, on any property formerly owned or operated by Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries (iii) there is no asbestos or asbestos-containing material on any property currently owned or operated by any of Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries and (iv) Hazardous Materials have not been released, discharged or disposed of by any Person on any property currently or formerly owned, leased or operated by Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries and Hazardous Materials have not otherwise been released, discharged or disposed of by Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries at any other location. 
 (c) The properties owned, leased or operated by Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries do not contain any Hazardous Materials in amounts or concentrations which (i) constitute, or constituted a violation of, (ii) require remedial action under, or (iii) could reasonably be expected to give rise to liability under, Environmental Laws, which violations, remedial actions and liabilities, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (d) None of Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries is undertaking, and has not completed, either individually or together with other potentially responsible parties, any investigation or assessment or remedial or response action relating to any actual or threatened release, discharge or disposal of Hazardous Materials at any site, location or operation, either voluntarily or pursuant to the order of any Governmental Authority or the requirements of any Environmental Law, except for such investigation or assessment or remedial or response action that, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (e) All Hazardous Materials generated, used, treated, handled or stored at, or transported to or from, any property currently or formerly owned or operated by Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries have been disposed of in a manner not reasonably expected to result, either individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 103 

(f) Except as could not reasonably be expected to result, either individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect, none of Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries has contractually assumed any liability or obligation under or relating to any Environmental Law. 
 SECTION 5.10 Taxes . Except as could not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, Holdings, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries have filed all Federal and other tax returns and reports required to be filed by them, and have paid all Federal and state and other taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except those (a) which are not overdue by more than thirty (30) days or (b) which are being contested in good faith by appropriate actions diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. 
 SECTION 5.11 ERISA Compliance . (a) No ERISA Event has occurred during the five year period prior to the date on which this representation is made with respect to any Pension Plan nor, to the knowledge of the Borrower, is an ERISA Event reasonably expected to occur (b) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan (other than premiums due and not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA) (c) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred any liability (and no event has occurred which, with the giving of notice under Section 4219 of ERISA, would result in such liability) under Section 4201 of ERISA with respect to a Multiemployer Plan and (d) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Sections 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA, except, with respect to each of the foregoing clauses of this Section 5.11, as would not reasonably be expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 5.12 Subsidiaries Equity Interests . As of the 2021 Effective Date, (a) Holdings has no Subsidiaries other than the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, (b) the Borrower has no Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed in Schedule 5.12, (c) all of the outstanding Equity Interests in the Borrower and in material Restricted Subsidiaries of the Borrower have been validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable (to the extent such concepts exist under applicable Law) and (d) all Equity Interests of the Borrower owned by Holdings and all Equity Interests owned by the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors are (in each case) owned free and clear of all Liens except (i) those created under the Collateral Documents and (ii) any nonconsensual Lien that is permitted under Section 7.01. As of the 2021 Effective Date, Schedule 5.12 (a) sets forth the name and jurisdiction of Holdings, the Borrower and each Subsidiary of the Borrower, (b) sets forth the ownership interest of the Borrower and in each Subsidiary of the Borrower, including the percentage of such ownership and (c) identifies each Subsidiary of the Borrower, the Equity Interests of which are required to be pledged on or prior to the 2021 Effective Date pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement. 
 SECTION 5.13 Margin Regulations Investment Company Act . 
 (a) The Borrower is not engaged nor will engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, and no proceeds of any Borrowings or drawings under any Letter of Credit will be used for any purpose that violates Regulation U. 
 (b) None of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 SECTION 5.14 Disclosure . No report, financial statement, certificate or other written information furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to any Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or any other Loan Document (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) when taken as a whole contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading provided that, with respect to projected financial information and pro forma financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by the Borrower to be reasonable at the time of preparation it being understood that such projections may vary from actual results and that such variances may be material. 
 SECTION 5.15 Intellectual Property Licenses, Etc. The Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries own, license or possess the right to use, all of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, domain names, copyrights, patents, patent rights, licenses, technology, software, know-how, database rights, right of privacy and publicity, and all other intellectual property rights (collectively, IP Rights that are necessary for the operation of their respective businesses as currently conducted, except where the failure to own, license or possess such IP Rights, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The operation of the respective businesses of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary as currently conducted does not infringe upon, misuse, misappropriate or violate any rights held by any Person, except for such infringements, 
 104 

misuses, misappropriations or violations which could not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No claim or litigation regarding any IP Rights is pending or threatened in writing against the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, which, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 5.16 Solvency . On the 2021 Effective Date after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by the 2021 Amendment Agreement, the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent. 
 SECTION 5.17 Subordination of Junior Financing . The Obligations are Senior Debt, Senior Indebtedness, Guarantor Senior Debt or Senior Secured Financing (or any comparable term) under, and as defined in, any Junior Financing Documentation that is (or is required to be) subordinated to the Obligations. 
 SECTION 5.18 Labor Matters . Except as could not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (a) there are no strikes or other labor disputes against Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries pending or, to the knowledge of Holdings or the Borrower, threatened in writing (b) hours worked by and payment made to employees of each of Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable Laws dealing with such matters and (c) all payments due from any of Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries on account of employee health and welfare insurance have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of the relevant party. 
 SECTION 5.19 Perfection, Etc. All filings and other actions necessary to perfect the Lien in the Collateral created under the Collateral Documents (except for such actions that the Security Agreement specifically excepts the Borrower from performing) have been or will, within the required time periods under the Collateral Documents, be duly made or taken or otherwise provided for and are (or so will be) in full force and effect, and the Collateral Documents create in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties a valid and, together with such filings and other actions, perfected first priority Lien in the Collateral to the extent required by the Collateral Documents, securing the payment of the Secured Obligations, subject only to Permitted Liens. 
 SECTION 5.20 USA PATRIOT Act and OFAC . 
 (a) To the extent applicable, each of Holdings, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries is in compliance, in all material respects, with (i) the Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended, and each of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto, and (ii) the USA PATRIOT Act. 
 (b) Each of Holdings, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries is in compliance, (b) in all material respects, with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used, directly or indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. The Borrower has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers and employees with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 
 (c) None of Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of Holdings or the Borrower, any director, officer, agent, employee or controlled Affiliate of Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries is currently the subject of any U.S. sanctions program administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury OFAC and none of Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Restricted Subsidiaries will directly or indirectly knowingly use the proceeds of the Loans or otherwise knowingly make available such proceeds to any Person, for the purpose of financing the activities of any Person currently the subject of any U.S. sanctions program administered by OFAC, except to the extent licensed or otherwise approved by OFAC. 
 ARTICLE VI Affirmative Covenants 
 So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, or any Loan or other Obligation hereunder (other than (i) contingent indemnification obligations as to which no claim has been asserted and (ii) Cash Management Obligations and Obligations under Secured Hedge Agreements) shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding (unless the Outstanding Amount of the L C Obligations related thereto 
 105 

has been Cash Collateralized, back-stopped by a letter of credit reasonably satisfactory to the applicable L C Issuer or deemed reissued under another agreement reasonably acceptable to the applicable L C Issuer), the Borrower shall and shall (except in the case of the covenants set forth in Sections 6.01, 6.02, 6.03 and 6.15) cause each Restricted Subsidiary to 
 SECTION 6.01 Financial Statements . Deliver to the Administrative Agent for prompt further distribution to each Lender (or, in the case of clause (c) below, each Term A Lender and each Revolving Credit Lender, as applicable) 
 (a) Within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of Deloitte & Touche LLP or any other independent registered public accounting firm of nationally recognized standing, which report and opinion shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit (except as may be required as a result of (x) a prospective Event of Default with respect to the Financial Covenant, (y) in the case of the Term Lenders, an actual Event of Default with respect to the Financial Covenant or (z) the impending maturity of any Indebtedness, including the Loans hereunder). 
 (b) Within forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the first three (3) fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter, and the related (x) consolidated statements of income or operations for such fiscal quarter and for the portion of the fiscal year then ended and (y) consolidated statements of cash flows for the portion of the fiscal year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding fiscal quarter of the previous fiscal year and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes 
 (c) Solely to the extent any Term A Loans, Term A Loan Commitments, Revolving Credit Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments are then outstanding, within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a detailed consolidated budget for the then-current fiscal year (including a projected consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year, the related consolidated statements of projected cash flow and projected income for such fiscal year and a summary of the material underlying assumptions applicable thereto) and 
 (d) simultaneously with the delivery of each set of consolidated financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and 6.01(b), the related unaudited consolidating financial statements reflecting the adjustments necessary to eliminate the accounts of Unrestricted Subsidiaries (if any) from such consolidated financial statements. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 6.01 may be satisfied with respect to financial information of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries by furnishing (A) the applicable financial statements of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent of Holdings) or (B) the Borrower s or Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof), as applicable, Form 10-K or 10-Q, as applicable, filed with the SEC provided that, with respect to each of preceding clauses (A) and (B), (i) to the extent such information relates to Holdings (or a direct or indirect parent thereof), such information is accompanied by unaudited consolidating information that explains in reasonable detail the differences between the information relating to Holdings (or such direct or indirect parent thereof), on the one hand, and the information relating to the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries on a stand-alone basis, on the other hand, and (ii) to the extent such information is in lieu of information required to be provided under Section 6.01(a), such materials are, to the extent applicable, accompanied by a report and opinion of Deloitte & Touche LLP or any other independent registered public accounting firm of nationally recognized standing, which report and opinion shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit (except as may be required as a result of (x) a prospective Event of Default with respect to the Financial Covenant, (y) in the case of the Term Lenders, an actual Event of Default with respect to the Financial Covenant or (z) the impending maturity of any Indebtedness, including the Loans hereunder. 
 To the extent that any direct or indirect parent company of the Borrower, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries have publicly traded securities, including securities issued pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act, the Borrower hereby (i) authorizes the Administrative Agent to make the financial statements to be provided under Section 6.01(a) and (b) above, along with the Loan Documents, available to prospective Lenders public-side employees and representatives, (ii) agrees that at the time such financial statements are provided hereunder, they shall already have been, or shall be concurrently, made available to holders of its publicly traded securities and (iii) 
 106 

agrees not to request that any other materials that constitute material non-public information within the meaning of the federal securities laws be posted to prospective Lenders public-side employees and representatives. In no event shall the Administrative Agent post compliance certificates or budgets to prospective Lenders public-side employees and representatives. 
 SECTION 6.02 Certificates Other Information . Deliver to the Administrative Agent for prompt further distribution to each Lender 
 (a) no later than five (5) days after the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Section 6.01(a) and (b), a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower 
 (b) promptly after the same are publicly available, copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which Holdings or the Borrower files with the SEC or with any Governmental Authority that may be substituted therefor (other than amendments to any registration statement (to the extent such registration statement, in the form it became effective, is delivered), exhibits to any registration statement and, if applicable, any registration statement on Form S-8) and in any case not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto 
 (c) promptly after the furnishing thereof, copies of any material requests or material notices received by any Loan Party (other than in the ordinary course of business) from, or material statements or material reports furnished to, any holder of debt securities of any Loan Party or of any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of any (A) Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness, (B) any Incremental Equivalent Debt, (C) any unsecured Indebtedness, (D) any Indebtedness that is secured on a junior basis to the Obligations or (E) any Junior Financing Documentation, in the case of preceding clauses (C), (D) and (E), in a principal amount greater than the Threshold Amount 
 (d) together with the delivery of each Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 6.02(a) solely with respect to financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a), (i) a report setting forth the information required by Section 3.03(c) 3.03(c) of the Security Agreement or confirming that there has been no change in such information since the Closing Date (or, if later, the date of the last such report) and (ii) an updated list of each Subsidiary that identifies each Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary as of the date of delivery of such Compliance Certificate (or confirming that there has been no change in such information since the Closing Date or the date of the last such update) and 
 (e) promptly, such additional information regarding the business, legal, financial or corporate affairs of any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender through the Administrative Agent may from time to time reasonably request. 
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) or Section 6.02(b) or (c) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Borrower s website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 10.02 or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrower s behalf on IntraLinks IntraAgency or another relevant website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent) provided that (i) upon written request by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent for further distribution to each Lender until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent and (ii) the Borrower shall notify (which may be by facsimile or electronic mail) the Administrative Agent of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions i.e. , soft copies) of such documents. Each Lender shall be solely responsible for timely accessing posted documents or requesting delivery of paper copies of such documents from the Administrative Agent and maintaining its copies of such documents. For purposes of this Section 6.02, paper copies shall include copies delivered by facsimile transmission or electronically (such as tif , pdf or similar file formats delivered by email). 
 SECTION 6.03 Notices . Promptly after obtaining knowledge thereof, notify the Administrative Agent 
 (a) of the occurrence of any Default and 
 (b) of the filing or commencement of, or any written threat or notice of intention of any person to file or commence, any action, suit, litigation or proceeding, whether at law or in equity by or before any Governmental Authority against Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries or the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, in each case, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and 
 107 

(c) any event, condition, change, circumstance or matter that, either individually or in the aggregate, has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Each notice pursuant to this Section shall be accompanied by a written statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower (x) that such notice is being delivered pursuant to Section 6.03(a) or (b) (as applicable) and (y) setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto. 
 SECTION 6.04 Payment of Taxes . Pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy as the same shall become due and payable, all of its obligations and liabilities in respect of taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or upon its income or profits or in respect of its property, except in each case, to the extent the failure to pay or discharge the same, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc. (a) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization except in a transaction permitted by Section 7.04 or 7.05 and (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges (including its good standing), permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business except (i) to the extent that failure to do so could not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) pursuant to a transaction permitted by Section 7.04 or 7.05. 
 SECTION 6.06 Maintenance of Properties . Except if the failure to do so could not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (a) maintain, preserve and protect all of its properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order, repair and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted and casualty or condemnation excepted and (b) make all necessary renewals, replacements, modifications, improvements, upgrades, extensions and additions thereof or thereto generally in accordance with prudent industry practice in all material respects. 
 SECTION 6.07 Maintenance of Insurance . 
 (a) Maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business, of such types and in such amounts (after giving effect to any self-insurance reasonable and customary for similarly situated Persons engaged in the same or similar businesses as the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries or otherwise consistent with past practices) as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons. 
 (b) (i) The Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to have all such insurance of any Loan Party provide that the insurer affording coverage will endeavor to mail 30 days written notice of cancellation of such insurance coverage to the Collateral Agent (in the case of property and liability insurance). 
 (ii) All such insurance of any Loan Party shall, unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent, name the Collateral Agent as mortgagee (in the case of property insurance) or additional insured on behalf of the Secured Parties (in the case of liability insurance) or loss payee (in the case of property insurance), as applicable. 
 (c) With respect to each Mortgaged Property, obtain flood insurance in such total amount as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may from time to time reasonably require, if at any time the area in which any improvements located on any Mortgaged Property is designated a flood hazard area in any Flood Insurance Rate Map published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency), and otherwise comply with the National Flood Insurance Program as set for the in the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973, as amended from time to time. 
 SECTION 6.08 Compliance with Laws . Comply with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except if the failure to comply therewith could not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower will maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 
 SECTION 6.09 Books and Records . Maintain proper books of record and account, in which entries that are full, true and correct in all material respects and are in conformity with GAAP shall be made of all material financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of Holdings, the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as the case may be (it being understood and agreed that certain Foreign Subsidiaries maintain individual books and 
 108 

records in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in their respective countries of organization and that such maintenance shall not constitute a breach of the representations, warranties or covenants hereunder). 
 SECTION 6.10 Inspection Rights . Permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent and each Lender to visit and inspect any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors, officers, and independent public accountants (subject to such independent public accountants customary policies and procedures), all at the reasonable expense of the Borrower and at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrower provided that, only the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders may exercise rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under this Section 6.10 and the Administrative Agent shall not exercise such rights more often than two (2) times during any calendar year absent the existence of an Event of Default and only one (1) such time shall be at the Borrower s expense provided , further , that during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent (or any of its respective representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice. The Administrative Agent shall give the Borrower the opportunity to participate in any discussions with the Borrower s independent public accountants. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6.10, none of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries will be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making copies or abstracts of, or discussion of, any document, information or other matter that (a) constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information, (b) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or their respective representatives or contractors) is prohibited by Law or any binding agreement or (c) is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product. 
 SECTION 6.11 Covenant to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security . At the Borrower s expense, take all action necessary or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to ensure that the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement continues to be satisfied, including 
 (a) upon (A) any new direct or indirect wholly owned Domestic Subsidiary (in each case, other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary or an Excluded Subsidiary) being formed or acquired by any Loan Party, (B) any Immaterial Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) ceasing to constitute an Immaterial Subsidiary, (C) any existing direct or indirect wholly owned Domestic Subsidiary being designated as a Restricted Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) in accordance with Section 6.14 or (D) any Loan Party acquiring Material Real Property (including in such notice a description of such Material Real Property), within forty-five (45) days of the applicable event (or with respect to any item or deliverable with respect to Material Real Property, ninety (90) days) or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its discretion 
 (i) cause each such Restricted Subsidiary that is required to become a Guarantor under the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement to furnish to the Administrative Agent a description of the Material Real Properties owned by such Restricted Subsidiary, in detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and, if requested by the Administrative Agent, deliver to the Administrative Agent, any existing title reports, surveys or environmental assessment reports with respect to such Material Real Properties 
 (ii) cause (x) each such Restricted Subsidiary that is required to become a Guarantor pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement to duly execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (as appropriate) Guaranty Supplements and Mortgages with respect to the Material Real Properties which are identified to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.11(a)(i), Security Agreement Supplements, a counterpart of the Intercompany Note and other security agreements and documents (including, with respect to such Mortgages, the documents listed in Section 6.13(b), as reasonably requested by and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (consistent with the Mortgages, Security Agreement and other security agreements in effect on the 2021 Effective Date), in each case granting Liens required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and (y) each direct or indirect parent of each such Restricted Subsidiary that is required to be a Guarantor pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement to duly execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent such Security Agreement Supplements and other security agreements as reasonably requested by and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (consistent with the Security Agreements in effect on the 2021 Effective Date), in each case granting Liens required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement 
 (iii) (x) cause each such Restricted Subsidiary that is required to become a Guarantor pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement to deliver any and all certificates representing Equity Interests (to the extent certificated) that are required to be pledged pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, accompanied by undated stock powers or other appropriate instruments of transfer executed in blank and instruments evidencing the intercompany Indebtedness held by such Restricted Subsidiary and required to be pledged pursuant to the Collateral Documents, indorsed in blank to the Collateral Agent and 
 109 

(y) cause each direct or indirect parent of such Restricted Subsidiary that is (or is required to be) a Guarantor pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement to deliver any and all certificates representing the outstanding Equity Interests (to the extent certificated) of such Restricted Subsidiary that are required to be pledged pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, accompanied by undated stock powers or other appropriate instruments of transfer executed in blank and instruments evidencing the intercompany Indebtedness issued by such Restricted Subsidiary and required to be pledged in accordance with the Collateral Documents, indorsed in blank to the Collateral Agent and 
 (iv) take and cause such Restricted Subsidiary and each direct or indirect parent of such Restricted Subsidiary that is required to become a Guarantor pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement to take whatever action (including the recording of Mortgages, the filing of Uniform Commercial Code financing statements and delivery of stock and membership interest certificates) may be necessary in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent to vest in the Administrative Agent (or in any representative of the Administrative Agent designated by it) valid Liens required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, enforceable against all third parties in accordance with their terms, subject to Debtor Relief Laws, general principles of equity (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) and an applied covenant of good faith and fair dealing and 
 (b) within thirty (30) days after the reasonable request therefor by the Administrative Agent, delivering to the Administrative Agent a signed copy of an opinion, addressed to the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, of counsel for the Loan Parties reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent as to such matters set forth in this Section 6.11 as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. 
 SECTION 6.12 Compliance with Environmental Laws . Except, in each case, to the extent that the failure to do so could not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect comply, and take all reasonable actions to cause all lessees and other Persons operating or occupying its properties to comply with all applicable Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits obtain and renew all Environmental Permits necessary for its operations and properties and, in each case to the extent required by Environmental Laws, conduct any investigation, study, sampling and testing, and undertake any cleanup, removal, remedial or other action necessary to remove and clean up all Hazardous Materials from any of its properties, in accordance with the requirements of all Environmental Laws. 
 SECTION 6.13 Further Assurances . 
 (a) Promptly upon reasonable request by the Administrative Agent (i) correct any material defect or error that may be discovered in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation of any Collateral Document or other document or instrument relating to any Collateral, and (ii) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request from time to time in order to carry out more effectively the purposes of the Collateral Documents (subject to the limitations set forth therein and in the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement). 
 (b) In the case of any Material Real Property referred to in Section 6.11, provide the Administrative Agent with Mortgages with respect to such owned Material Real Property within ninety (90) days of the acquisition thereof (as such date may be extended by the Administrative Agent) together with 
 (i) evidence that counterparts of the Mortgages have been duly executed, acknowledged and delivered and are in form suitable for filing or recording in all filing or recording offices that the Administrative Agent may deem reasonably necessary in order to create a valid and subsisting perfected Lien on the property and or rights described therein in favor of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (as appropriate) for the benefit of the Secured Parties and that all filing and recording taxes and fees have been paid or otherwise provided for in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (ii) fully paid American Land Title Association Lender s Extended Coverage title insurance policies or the equivalent or other form available in each applicable jurisdiction in form and substance, with endorsements and in amount, reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (not to exceed the value of the real properties covered thereby), issued, coinsured and reinsured by title insurers reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, insuring the Mortgages to be valid subsisting Liens on the property described therein, free and clear of all defects and encumbrances, subject to Permitted Liens, and providing for such other affirmative insurance (including endorsements for future advances under the Loan Documents) and such coinsurance and direct access reinsurance as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request 
 110 

(iii) opinions of local counsel for the Loan Parties in states in which such real properties are located, with respect to the enforceability and perfection of the Mortgages and any related fixture filings in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (iv) flood certificates covering each Mortgaged Property in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent, certified to the Collateral Agent in its capacity as such and certifying whether or not each such Mortgaged Property is located in a flood hazard zone by reference to the applicable FEMA map and for any Mortgaged Property located in a flood hazard zone, evidence of flood insurance from a company and in an amount reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and naming the Administrative Agent as mortgagee and 
 (v) subject to the limitations in the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, such other evidence that all other actions that the Administrative Agent may reasonably deem necessary or desirable in order to create valid and subsisting Liens on the property described in the Mortgages has been taken. 
 SECTION 6.14 Designation of Subsidiaries . The board of directors of the Borrower may at any time designate any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary provided that (i) immediately before and after such designation, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (ii) immediately after giving effect to such designation, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries shall be in compliance, on a Pro Forma Basis, with the Financial Covenant (and, as a condition precedent to the effectiveness of any such designation, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate setting forth in reasonable detail the calculations demonstrating such compliance), (iii) no Subsidiary may be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary if it is a Restricted Subsidiary for the purpose of any Indebtedness then outstanding in a principal amount greater than the Threshold Amount, as applicable and (iv) the Investment resulting from the designation of such Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary as described in the immediately succeeding sentence is permitted by Section 7.02. The designation of any Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall constitute an Investment by the Borrower therein at the date of designation in an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of the net assets of the respective Subsidiary at the time that such Subsidiary is designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary. The designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary shall constitute the incurrence at the time of designation of any Indebtedness or Liens of such Subsidiary existing at such time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Unrestricted Subsidiary that has been re-designated a Restricted Subsidiary may not be subsequently re-designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 SECTION 6.15 Maintenance of Rating . Use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain (i) a public corporate credit rating (but not any specific rating) from S&P and a public corporate family rating (but not any specific rating) from Moody s, in each case in respect of the Borrower, and (ii) a public rating (but not any specific rating) in respect of the Term Loans from each of S&P and Moody s. 
 SECTION 6.16 Use of Proceeds . (a) Use the proceeds of any Borrowing on the 2021 Effective Date, whether directly or indirectly, in a manner consistent with the uses set forth in the preliminary statements to this Agreement, and after the 2021 Effective Date, use the proceeds of any Borrowing for any purpose not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement, including for general corporate purposes, working capital needs, the repayment of Indebtedness, the making of Restricted Payments and the making of Investments. 
 (b) Use the proceeds of the Loans, directly or indirectly knowingly, or otherwise knowingly make available such proceeds to any Person, for the purpose of financing the activities of any Person currently the subject of any U.S. sanctions program administered by OFAC, except to the extent licensed or otherwise approved by OFAC. 
 (c) Use any part of the proceeds of the Loans, directly or indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 
 ARTICLE VII Negative Covenants 
 So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, or any Loan or other Obligation hereunder (other than (i) contingent indemnification obligations as to which no claim has been asserted and (ii) Cash Management Obligations and Obligations under Secured Hedge Agreements) shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding (unless the Outstanding Amount of the L C Obligations related thereto has been Cash Collateralized, back stopped by a letter of credit reasonably satisfactory to the applicable L C Issuer or deemed reissued under another agreement reasonably acceptable to the applicable L C Issuer), the Borrower shall 
 111 

not (and with respect to Section 7.14, Holdings shall not), nor shall the Borrower permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly 
 SECTION 7.01 Liens . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than the following 
 (a) Liens pursuant to any Loan Document 
 (b) Liens existing on the 2021 Effective Date and, to the extent any such Lien secures Indebtedness or other obligations in excess of 10,000,000 individually, listed on Schedule 7.01(b) and, in each case, any modifications, replacements, renewals, refinancings or extensions thereof provided that (i) the Lien does not extend to any additional property other than (A) after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien or financed or refinanced by Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03, and (B) proceeds and products thereof, and (ii) the renewal, extension or refinancing of the obligations secured or benefited by such Liens, to the extent constituting Indebtedness, is permitted by Section 7.03 
 (c) Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges which are not overdue for a period of more than sixty (60) days or, if more than sixty (60) days overdue, which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate actions diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP or the equivalent accounting principles in the relevant local jurisdiction 
 (d) statutory or common law Liens of landlords, carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen, repairmen, construction contractors or other like Liens and contractual Liens in favor of landlords, in each case arising in the ordinary course of business which secure amounts not overdue for a period of more than sixty (60) days or, if more than sixty (60) days overdue, are (i) unfiled and no other action has been taken to enforce such Lien or (ii) which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate actions diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP or the equivalent accounting principles in the relevant local jurisdiction 
 (e) (i) pledges or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, health, disability or employee benefits, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or similar legislation or regulation or other insurance-related obligations (including, but not limited to, in respect of deductibles, self-insured retention amounts and premiums and adjustments thereto) and (ii) pledges and deposits in the ordinary course of business securing liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of letters of credit or bank guarantees for the benefit of) insurance carriers providing property, casualty or liability insurance to Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary 
 (f) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, governmental contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness), statutory obligations, surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature (including those to secure health, safety and environmental obligations) incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (g) easements, rights-of-way, covenants, conditions, restrictions, encroachments, protrusions and other similar encumbrances and minor title defects, minor irregularities or matters that would be disclosed in an accurate survey affecting real property which, in the aggregate, do not in any case materially and adversely interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary 
 (h) Liens securing judgments for the payment of money not constituting an Event of Default under Section 8.01(h) 
 (i) Liens securing obligations in respect of Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(e) provided that (i) such Liens attach concurrently with or not later than two hundred and seventy (270) days after the acquisition, repair, replacement, construction or improvement (as applicable) of the property subject to such Liens (including reconstruction, refurbishment, renovation and development of real property), (ii) such Liens do not at any time encumber any property other than the property financed by such Indebtedness, replacements thereof and additions and accessions to such property and the proceeds and the products thereof and customary security deposits related thereto and (iii) with respect to Capitalized Leases, such Liens do not at any time extend to or cover any assets (except for additions and accessions to such assets, replacements and products thereof and customary security deposits) other than the assets subject to such Capitalized Leases provided that individual financings of equipment provided by one lender may be cross collateralized to other financings of equipment provided by such lender 
 112 

(j) leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of business which do not interfere in any material respect with the business of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or secure any Indebtedness 
 (k) Liens (i) in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business and (ii) on specific items of inventory or other goods and proceeds thereof of any Person securing such Person s obligations in respect of bankers acceptances or letters of credit issued or created for the account of such person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or such goods in the ordinary course of business 
 (l) Liens (i) of a collection bank arising under Section 4-208 of the Uniform Commercial Code on items in the course of collection, (ii) in favor of a banking or other financial institution arising as a matter of law or under customary general terms and conditions encumbering deposits or other funds maintained with a financial institution (including the right of set-off) and which are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry or arising pursuant to such banking institution s general terms and conditions and (iii) securing obligations permitted under Section 7.03(m) 
 (m) Liens (i) on cash advances in favor of the seller of any property to be acquired in an Investment or other acquisition permitted pursuant to this Agreement to be applied against the purchase price for such Investment or other acquisition, and (ii) consisting of an agreement to Dispose of any property in a Disposition permitted under Section 7.05, in each case, solely to the extent such Investment or other acquisition or Disposition, as the case may be, would have been permitted on the date of the creation of such Lien 
 (n) Liens on property of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, which Liens secure Indebtedness of the applicable Restricted Subsidiaries permitted under Section 7.03 or other obligations not constituting Indebtedness 
 (o) Liens in favor of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(d) 
 (p) Liens existing on property at the time of its acquisition or existing on the property of any Person at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary (other than by designation as a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 6.14), in each case after the Closing Date and the replacement, extension or renewal of any Lien permitted by this clause (p) upon or in the same property previously subject thereto in connection with the replacement, refinancing, extension or renewal (without increase in the amount or any change in any direct or contingent obligor) of the Indebtedness secured thereby provided that, (i) such Lien was not created in contemplation of such acquisition or such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) such Lien does not extend to or cover any other assets or property (other than the proceeds or products thereof and other than after-acquired property subjected to a Lien securing Indebtedness and other obligations incurred prior to such time and which Indebtedness and other obligations are permitted hereunder that require, pursuant to their terms at such time, a pledge of after-acquired property, it being understood that such requirement shall not be permitted to apply to any property to which such requirement would not have applied but for such acquisition) 
 (q) any interest or title of a lessor, sublessor, licensor or sublicensor or secured by a lessor s, sublessor s, licensor s or sublicensor s interest under leases (other than Capitalized Leases), subleases, licenses or sublicenses entered into by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business 
 (r) Liens arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for sale of goods entered into by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business 
 (s) Liens deemed to exist in connection with Investments in repurchase agreements permitted under Section 7.02 provided that such Liens do not extend to any assets other than those that are the subject of such repurchase agreement 
 (t) Liens that are contractual rights of set-off (i) relating to the establishment of depository relations with banks not given in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness, (ii) relating to pooled deposit or sweep accounts of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries or (iii) relating to purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business 
 (u) Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement permitted hereunder 
 113 

(v) Liens on Escrowed Proceeds for the benefit of the related holders of Escrowed Obligations (or the underwriters, trustee, escrow agent or arrangers thereof) or on cash set aside at the time of the incurrence of any Indebtedness to be used to pay accrued interest thereon and any redemption premiums 
 (w) Liens arising from precautionary UCC financing statement or similar filings regarding operating leases entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 (x) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto 
 (y) ground leases in respect of real property on which facilities or equipment owned or leased by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries are located 
 (z) Liens encumbering reasonable and customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to commodity trading accounts or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes 
 (aa) Liens securing Indebtedness and other obligations of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate outstanding principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed the greater of (i) 150,000,000 and (ii) 60 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period as of such time determined on a Pro Forma Basis 
 (bb) Liens securing obligations in respect of any Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.03(h)(B) and any Permitted Refinancing of any of the foregoing provided that (x) any such Liens securing Indebtedness that is secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis (i) shall be subject to a First Lien Intercreditor Agreement and (ii) shall not extend to, or cover, any Collateral owned by the Loan Parties immediately prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness unless at the time of such incurrence the Borrower was in Pro Forma Compliance with a Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio of no greater than 4.25 to 1.00 and (y) any such Liens securing Indebtedness that is secured by the Collateral on a junior basis shall be subject to a Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement 
 (cc) Liens securing obligations in respect of Permitted Pari Passu Secured Refinancing Debt or Permitted Junior Secured Refinancing Debt and any Permitted Refinancing of any of the foregoing provided that (x) any such Liens securing any obligations in respect of Permitted Pari Passu Secured Refinancing Debt are subject to a First Lien Intercreditor Agreement and (y) any such Liens securing any obligations in respect of Permitted Junior Secured Refinancing Debt are subject to a Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement and 
 (dd) Liens securing obligations in respect of any Incremental Equivalent Debt and any Permitted Refinancing of any of the foregoing provided that (x) any such Liens securing Indebtedness that is secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis shall be subject to a First Lien Intercreditor Agreement and (y) any such Liens securing Indebtedness that is secured by the Collateral on a junior basis shall be subject to a Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement. 
 SECTION 7.02 Investments . Make or hold any Investments, except 
 (a) Investments by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in assets that were Cash Equivalents when such Investment was made 
 (b) loans or advances to officers, directors, consultants and employees of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries (i) for reasonable and customary business-related travel, entertainment, relocation and analogous ordinary business purposes, (ii) in connection with such Person s purchase of Equity Interests of Holdings or any direct or indirect parent thereof provided that the amount of such loans and advances shall be contributed to the Borrower in cash as common equity) and (iii) for purposes not described in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), in an aggregate principal amount outstanding not to exceed 20,000,000 (determined without regard to any write-downs or write-offs) 
 (c) Investments by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary 
 (d) Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business, and Investments received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account debtors and other credits to suppliers in the ordinary course of business 
 114 

(e) Investments consisting of Liens, Indebtedness, fundamental changes, Dispositions, Restricted Payments and prepayments of Indebtedness permitted under Sections 7.01, 7.03, 7.04, 7.05, 7.06 and 7.13, respectively 
 (f) Investments (i) existing or contemplated on the 2021 Effective Date and, to the extent any such Investment is greater than 10,000,000 individually, set forth on Schedule 7.02(f) and, in each case, any modification, replacement, renewal, reinvestment or extension thereof and (ii) existing on the 2021 Effective Date by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in the Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary and any modification, exchange in kind, renewal or extension thereof provided that (x) the amount of the original Investment is not increased except by the terms of such Investment or as otherwise permitted by this Section 7.02 and (y) any Investment in the form of Indebtedness of any Loan Party owed to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be subject to the subordination terms set forth in the Intercompany Note 
 (g) Investments in respect of Swap Contracts designed to hedge against interest rates, foreign exchange rates risks or commodities pricing incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes 
 (h) promissory notes and other noncash consideration received in connection with Dispositions permitted by Section 7.05 
 (i) the purchase or other acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets of a Person or assets constituting a business or any Equity Interests in, or any Indebtedness and related obligations of, a Person that is or becomes a Restricted Subsidiary (including as a result of a merger, consolidation or otherwise) or any business unit, division or line of business of a Person (or any subsequent Investment made in a Person, business unit, division or line of business previously acquired in a Permitted Acquisition), in a single transaction or a series of related transactions (each, a Permitted Acquisition ), if immediately after giving effect thereto 
 (A) any such newly created or acquired Subsidiary and the Subsidiaries of such created or acquired Subsidiary shall, to the extent required under the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and Section 6.11, become a Guarantor and comply with the requirements of Section 6.11, within the times specified therein 
 (B) after giving effect to such purchase or acquisition, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries shall be in compliance with Section 7.07 and 
 (C) immediately after giving effect to any such purchase or other acquisition, (1) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (2) the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries shall be in Pro Forma Compliance with the Financial Covenant. 
 (j) Investments in any Captive Insurance Subsidiary in an amount not to exceed (i) the capital determined by the Borrower in good faith to be prudent taking into account, among other things, the capital required under the applicable laws or regulations of the jurisdiction in which such Captive Insurance Subsidiary is formed and customary requirements under contractual obligations with third parties, plus (ii) any general corporate and overhead expenses of such Captive Insurance Company 
 (k) Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of endorsements for collection or deposit and customary trade arrangements with customers consistent with past practices 
 (l) Investments (including debt obligations and Equity Interests) received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of suppliers and customers or in settlement of delinquent obligations of, or other disputes with, customers and suppliers arising in the ordinary course of business or upon the foreclosure with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment 
 (m) loans and advances to Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) in lieu of, and not in excess of the amount of (after giving effect to any other loans, advances or Restricted Payments in respect thereof), Restricted Payments to the extent permitted to be made to Holdings (or such parent) in accordance with Section 7.06(h), (i), (j), (k), (m), (n) or (o) 
 (n) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, other Investments at any time outstanding that do not exceed the greater of (i) 150,000,000 and (ii) 60 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period as of such time determined on a Pro Forma Basis 
 115 

(o) so long as immediately after giving effect to any such Investment, no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, other Investments after the 2016 Effective Date in an amount not to exceed the Cumulative Growth Amount immediately prior to the time of the making of such Investment 
 (p) advances of payroll payments to employees and consultants in the ordinary course of business 
 (q) Investments to the extent that payment for such Investments is made solely with capital stock of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent of Holdings) 
 (r) Investments of a Restricted Subsidiary acquired after the Closing Date or of a Person merged into the Borrower or merged or consolidated with a Restricted Subsidiary in accordance with Section 7.04 after the Closing Date, to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition, merger or consolidation and were in existence on the date of such acquisition, merger or consolidation 
 (s) Guarantees by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of leases (other than Capitalized Leases) or of other obligations of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary otherwise permitted hereunder that do not constitute Indebtedness, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 (t) Investments consisting of licensing of intellectual property pursuant to joint marketing arrangements with other Persons so long as such licensing arrangements do not limit in any material respect the Collateral Agent s security interest (if any) in the intellectual property so licensed 
 (u) reserved 
 (v) so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, Investments financed with the proceeds of Excluded Contributions 
 (w) so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries and joint ventures at any time outstanding that do not exceed 100,000,000 and 
 (x) Investments, so long as (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom and (ii) the Total Net Leverage Ratio of the Borrower, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, shall be no greater than 3.50 to 1.00. 
 Any Investment that exceeds the limits of any particular clause set forth above may be allocated amongst more than one of such clauses to permit the incurrence or holding of such Investment to the extent such excess is permitted as an Investment under such other clauses. 
 SECTION 7.03 Indebtedness . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except 
 (a) Indebtedness of the Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries under the Loan Documents 
 (b) Indebtedness (i) outstanding on the 2021 Effective Date and, to the extent the principal amount of such Indebtedness is in excess of 10,000,000, listed on Schedule 7.03(b) and, in each case, any Permitted Refinancing thereof and (ii) intercompany Indebtedness outstanding on the 2021 Effective Date and any Permitted Refinancing thereof 
 (c) Guarantees by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary otherwise permitted hereunder provided that (A) no Guarantee by any Restricted Subsidiary of any Junior Financing shall be permitted unless such Restricted Subsidiary shall have also provided a Guarantee of the Obligations substantially on the terms set forth in the Subsidiary Guaranty, (B) if the Indebtedness being Guaranteed is subordinated to the Obligations, such Guarantee shall be subordinated to the Guarantee of the Obligations on terms at least as favorable to the Lenders as those contained in the subordination of such Indebtedness, (C) any Guarantee of any Incremental Equivalent Debt, any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness or any Permitted Ratio Debt (or any Permitted Refinancing in respect thereof) shall only be permitted if it meets the requirements of the respective definitions (and component definitions) thereof and clause (u), (v) or (y) of this Section 7.03, as applicable and (D) the aggregate amount of Guarantees outstanding at any time incurred pursuant to this clause (c) by Non-Loan Parties of Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor incurred under Sections 7.03(h)(B), (n), (u), (w), (x) and (y)(i) shall not exceed the Permitted Non-Loan Party Indebtedness Amount 
 (d) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary owing to Holdings, the Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary, to the extent constituting an Investment not prohibited by Section 7.02 provided 
 116 

that all such Indebtedness of any Loan Party owed to any Person that is not a Loan Party shall be subject to the subordination terms set forth in the Intercompany Note 
 (e) (i) Attributable Indebtedness and other Indebtedness (including Capitalized Leases) of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries financing the acquisition, construction, repair, replacement or improvement of fixed or capital assets (including reconstruction, refurbishment, renovation and development of real property) provided that such Indebtedness is incurred concurrently with or not later than two hundred and seventy (270) days after the applicable acquisition, construction, repair, replacement or improvement, (ii) Attributable Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary arising out of any sale-leaseback transaction permitted by Section 7.05 and (iii) any Permitted Refinancing of any of the foregoing provided , further , that the aggregate amount of Indebtedness outstanding at any time under this clause (e) shall not exceed the greater of (i) 100,000,000 and (ii) 40 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period as of such time determined on a Pro Forma Basis 
 (f) Indebtedness in respect of Swap Contracts designed to hedge against interest rates, foreign exchange rates risks or commodities pricing incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes 
 (g) Reserved . 
 (h) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (A) assumed in connection with any Permitted Acquisition provided , that such Indebtedness is not incurred in contemplation of such Permitted Acquisition or (B) incurred to finance a Permitted Acquisition and, in the case of clauses (A) and (B), any Permitted Refinancing of any such Indebtedness provided , further , that (x) no Event of Default shall exist or result therefrom and (y) in the case of clauses (A) and (B) above, if such Indebtedness is (1) secured on a pari passu basis with the Obligations, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries will be in Pro Forma Compliance with a Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio no greater than 4.75 to 1.00, (2) secured on a junior basis to the Obligations, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries will be in Pro Forma Compliance with a Consolidated Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio no greater than the greater of (x) 5.75 to 1.00 and (y) the Consolidated Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio in effect immediately prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness for the most recent Test Period then ended, and (3) unsecured or secured only by Liens on assets of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries will be in Pro Forma Compliance with, at the Borrower s election, either (x) an Interest Coverage Ratio no less than the lesser of (A) 2.00 to 1.00 and (B) the Interest Coverage Ratio in effect immediately prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness for the most recent Test Period then ended or (y) a Total Net Leverage Ratio no greater than the greater of (A) 6.00 to 1.00 and (B) the Total Net Leverage Ratio in effect immediately prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness for the most recent Test Period then ended provided , further , that (i) in the case of clause (B) above and solely with respect to Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, such Indebtedness will not mature prior to (x) in the case of Indebtedness that is secured on a pari passu basis to the Obligations, the Latest Maturity Date with respect to the Term Loans at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness and (y) in the case of Indebtedness that is secured on a junior basis to the Obligations or is unsecured, the date that is ninety-one (91) days after the Latest Maturity Date with respect to the Term Loans at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness, (ii) in the case of clause (B) above and solely with respect to Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, the documentation for such Indebtedness contains no mandatory prepayment, repurchase or redemption provisions (except with respect to change of control, asset sale and event of loss mandatory offers to purchase or mandatory prepayments and customary acceleration rights after an event of default) prior to (x) in the case of Indebtedness that is secured on a pari passu basis to the Obligations, the Latest Maturity Date with respect to the Term Loans at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness and (y) in the case of Indebtedness that is secured on a junior basis to the Obligations or is unsecured, the date that is ninety-one (91) days after the Latest Maturity Date with respect to the Term Loans at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness (other than, in the case of clause (1) and (2) of the immediately preceding proviso, for annual nominal amortization payments not to exceed 1 of the original aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness), (iii) in the case of clause (1) and (2) of the immediately preceding proviso, any such Indebtedness shall be subject to a First Lien Intercreditor Agreement or a Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable, (iv) in the case of clause (B) above, if incurred by a Non-Loan Party, the aggregate principal amount of all Indebtedness of Non-Loan Parties incurred pursuant to this clause (h)(B) outstanding at any time shall not exceed the Permitted Non-Loan Party Indebtedness Amount, (v) in the case of clause (A) above, such Indebtedness is secured only by Liens permitted pursuant to Section 7.01(p), and (vi) in the case of clause (B) above and solely with respect to Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, the documentation with respect to any such Indebtedness shall contain terms and conditions (except with respect to pricing, fees, premiums and optional prepayment or redemption terms) that (A) reflect market terms and conditions at the time of issuance (as determined by the Borrower in good faith), (B) are not materially more restrictive (taken as a whole) than those set forth in this Agreement (except for covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness and any Previously Absent Financial Maintenance Covenant provided the Administrative Agent is given prompt written 
 117 

notice of such Previously Absent Financial Maintenance Covenant and this Agreement is modified on or prior to the date of the incurrence (it being understood the consent of the Required Lenders shall not be required for such modification) of such Indebtedness to include such Previously Absent Financial Maintenance Covenant for the benefit of each Facility provided , however , that if the applicable Previously Absent Financial Maintenance Covenant is a financial maintenance covenant solely for the benefit of the revolving credit facility and or term A loan facility thereunder, the Previously Absent Financial Maintenance Covenant shall not be required to be included in this Agreement for the benefit of the Term B Loan Facility hereunder but shall be included for the benefit of the Revolving Credit Facility and or the Term A Loan Facility hereunder, as applicable)), (C) are only applicable to periods after the Latest Maturity Date at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness or (D) are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent provided that a certificate of a Responsible Officer delivered to the Administrative Agent at least five (5) Business Days prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness, together with a reasonably detailed description of the material terms and conditions of such Indebtedness or drafts of the documentation relating thereto, stating that the Borrower has determined in good faith that such terms and conditions satisfy the requirement of this clause (vi) shall be conclusive evidence that such terms and conditions satisfy such requirement unless the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower within such five (5) Business Day period that it disagrees with such determination (including a description of the basis upon which it disagrees)) provided , however , that, in the case of clause (B) above, such Indebtedness may be incurred in the form of a customary bridge or other interim credit facility intended to be refinanced or replaced with long-term indebtedness which does not satisfy the requirements of clauses (i), (ii) and (vi) above so long as, subject to customary conditions, it would either be automatically converted into or required to be exchanged for permanent financing which satisfies the requirements of clauses (i), (ii) and (vi) above 
 (i) Indebtedness representing deferred compensation to employees of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (j) Indebtedness consisting of promissory notes issued by any Loan Party to current or former officers, directors, consultants and employees, their respective estates, heirs, permitted transferees, spouses or former spouses to finance the purchase or redemption of Equity Interests of the Borrower (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) permitted by Section 7.06 provided that (i) such Indebtedness shall be subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (ii) the aggregate amount of all cash payments (whether principal or interest) made by the Loan Parties in respect of such notes in any calendar year, when combined with the aggregate amount of Restricted Payments made pursuant to Section 7.06(g) in such calendar year, shall not exceed 25,000,000 provided that any unused amounts in any calendar year may be carried over to succeeding calendar years and shall increase the preceding amount and, provided , further , that such amount in any calendar year may be increased by an amount not to exceed the remainder of (x) the sum of (1) the amount of Net Cash Proceeds of issuances of Equity Interests (other than issuances of Equity Interests made pursuant to Section 8.05) to the extent that such Net Cash Proceeds shall have been actually received by the Borrower through a capital contribution of such Net Cash Proceeds by Holdings (and to the extent not used to make an Investment pursuant to Section 7.02(o) or (v), prepay Junior Financings pursuant to Section 7.13(a)(v), or make a Restricted Payment pursuant to Section 7.06(g) or (j)), in each case to employees, directors, officers, members of management or consultants of the Borrower (or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower) or of its Subsidiaries that occurs after the Closing Date plus (2) the net cash proceeds of key man life insurance policies received by Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries after the Closing Date less (y) the aggregate amount of all cash payments made in respect of any promissory notes pursuant to this Section 7.03(j) after the Closing Date with the net cash proceeds described in preceding clause (x) (2) less (z) the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments made after the Closing Date in reliance on the last proviso appearing in Section 7.06(g) 
 (k) Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in a Permitted Acquisition, any other Investment expressly permitted hereunder or any Disposition, in any such case solely constituting indemnification obligations or obligations in respect of purchase price or other similar adjustments 
 (l) Indebtedness consisting of obligations of the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries under deferred compensation or other similar arrangements incurred by such Person in connection with the Transaction and Permitted Acquisitions or any other Investment expressly permitted hereunder 
 (m) Cash Management Obligations and other Indebtedness in respect of netting services, overdraft protections and similar arrangements in each case in connection with deposit accounts 
 (n) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the greater of (i) 150,000,000 and (ii) 60 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period as of such time determined on a Pro Forma Basis at any time outstanding provided , however , that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of Non-Loan Parties incurred pursuant to this clause (n) outstanding at any time shall not exceed the Permitted Non-Loan Party Indebtedness Amount 
 118 

(o) Indebtedness consisting of (a) the financing of insurance premiums or (b) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each case, in the ordinary course of business 
 (p) Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees, bankers acceptances or similar instruments issued or created in the ordinary course of business, including in respect of workers compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance or other Indebtedness with respect to reimbursement-type obligations regarding workers compensation claims provided that any reimbursement obligations in respect thereof are reimbursed within 30 days following the incurrence thereof 
 (q) obligations in respect of performance, bid, stay, custom, appeal and surety bonds and other obligations of a like nature and performance and completion guarantees and similar obligations provided by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries or obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments related thereto, in each case in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practices 
 (r) Reserved 
 (s) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries supported by a Letter of Credit, in a principal amount not to exceed the face amount of such Letter of Credit 
 (t) Reserved 
 (u) (A) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiary Guarantors (which Indebtedness (I) may rank pari passu or junior in right of security with the Obligations and (II) shall be pari passu in right of payment to the Obligations) that is incurred or issued or made in lieu of Incremental Term Commitments (the Incremental Equivalent Debt provided that (i) the aggregate principal amount of all Incremental Equivalent Debt issued pursuant to this Section 7.03(u)(A) shall not, together with any Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments and or Incremental Term Commitments exceed the Available Incremental Amount, (ii) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would exist immediately after giving effect to such incurrence, (iii) as of the date of determination, any Incremental Equivalent Debt shall not mature earlier than the Latest Maturity Date with respect to the Term Loans at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness, (iv) the documentation with respect to any such Incremental Equivalent Debt in the form of notes contains no mandatory prepayment, repurchase or redemption provisions prior to the Latest Maturity Date with respect to Term Loans at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness, except with respect to change of control, asset sale and event of loss mandatory offers to purchase or mandatory prepayments and customary acceleration rights after an event of default, (v) such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall not be subject to any Guarantee by any Person other than a Loan Party, (vi) such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall not be secured by any Lien on any asset of Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary other than any asset constituting Collateral, (vii) the security agreements relating to such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall be substantially the same as the Collateral Documents (with such differences as are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), (viii) if such Incremental Equivalent Debt is (a) secured on a pari passu basis with the Obligations, then such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall be subject to a First Lien Intercreditor Agreement or (b) secured on a junior basis to the Obligations, then such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall be subject to a Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement, and (ix) the documentation with respect to any Incremental Equivalent Debt shall contain terms and conditions (other than with respect to pricing, fees, premiums and optional prepayment or redemption terms) that (A) reflect market terms and conditions at the time of issuance (as determined by the Borrower in good faith), (B) are not materially more restrictive (taken as a whole) than those set forth in this Agreement (except for covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness and any Previously Absent Financial Maintenance Covenant provided the Administrative Agent is given prompt written notice of such Previously Absent Financial Maintenance Covenant and this Agreement is modified on or prior to the date of the incurrence (it being understood the consent of the Required Lenders shall not be required for such modification) of such exchanging, extending, renewing, replacing, repurchasing, retiring or refinancing Indebtedness to include such Previously Absent Financial Maintenance Covenant for the benefit of each Facility (provided, however, that if the applicable Previously Absent Financial Maintenance Covenant is a financial maintenance covenant solely for the benefit of the revolving credit facility and or term A loan facility thereunder, the Previously Absent Financial Maintenance Covenant shall not be required to be included in this Agreement for the benefit of the Term B Loan Facility hereunder but shall be included for the benefit of the Revolving Credit Facility and or the Term A Loan Facility hereunder, as applicable)), (C) are only applicable to periods after the Latest Maturity Date at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness or (D) are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent provided that a certificate of a Responsible Officer delivered to the Administrative Agent at least five (5) Business Days prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness, together with a reasonably detailed description of the material terms and conditions of such Indebtedness or drafts of the documentation relating thereto, stating that the Borrower has determined in good faith that such terms and conditions satisfy the requirement of this clause (vi) shall be conclusive evidence that such terms and conditions satisfy such requirement unless the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower within such five (5) Business Day 
 119 

period that it disagrees with such determination (including a description of the basis upon which it disagrees)) provided , however , that such Incremental Equivalent Debt may be incurred in the form of a customary bridge or other interim credit facility intended to be refinanced or replaced with long-term indebtedness which does not satisfy the requirements of clauses (iii), (iv) and (ix) above so long as, subject to customary conditions, it would either be automatically converted into or required to be exchanged for permanent financing which satisfies the requirements of clauses (iii), (iv) and (ix) above and (B) any Permitted Refinancing of any of the foregoing 
 (v) any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness and any Permitted Refinancing of any of the foregoing 
 (w) unsecured Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the amount of Net Cash Proceeds of issuances of, or contributions in respect of, Equity Interests of Holdings (other than proceeds which have been designated as a Cure Amount and proceeds of issuances of Disqualified Equity Interests) after the Closing Date to the extent that such Net Cash Proceeds shall have been actually received by the Borrower (through a capital contribution of such Net Cash Proceeds by Holdings to the Borrower) on or prior to such date of determination and to the extent not used to make payments under Section 7.03(j), make Investments pursuant to Section 7.02(v), make Restricted Payments pursuant to Section 7.06(g) or (n), or count towards the Cumulative Growth Amount provided , that (i) as of the date of determination, such Indebtedness will not mature prior to the date that is ninety-one (91) days after the Latest Maturity Date with respect to the Term Loans at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness, (ii) the documentation for such Indebtedness contains no mandatory prepayment, repurchase or redemption provisions prior to the date this is ninety-one (91) days after the Latest Maturity Date with respect to the Term Loans at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness, except with respect to change of control, asset sale and casualty event mandatory offers to purchase or mandatory prepayments and customary acceleration rights after an event of default, (iii) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would exist immediately after giving effect to such incurrence and (iv) the documentation with respect to any such Indebtedness shall contain terms and conditions (other than with respect to pricing, fees, premiums and optional prepayment or redemption terms) not materially more restrictive (taken as a whole) in respect of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries than those set forth in this Agreement (except for covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date with respect to the Term Loans at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness) provided such Indebtedness may be incurred in the form of a customary bridge or other interim credit facility intended to be refinanced or replaced with long-term indebtedness which does not satisfy the requirements of clauses (i), (ii) and (iv) above so long as, subject to customary conditions, it would either be automatically converted into or required to be exchanged for permanent financing which satisfies the requirements of clauses (i), (ii) and (iv) above provided , further , that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of Non-Loan Parties pursuant to this clause (w) outstanding at any time shall not exceed the Permitted Non-Loan Party Indebtedness Amount 
 (x) Indebtedness of any Foreign Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount pursuant to this clause (x) outstanding at any time not to exceed the lesser of (i) the Permitted Non-Loan Party Indebtedness Amount and (ii) the greater of (A) 100,000,000 and (B) 40 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period as of such time determined on a Pro Forma Basis 
 (y) so long as no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom, (i) any Permitted Ratio Debt provided that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of Non-Loan Parties pursuant to this clause (y)(i) outstanding at any time shall not exceed the Permitted Non-Loan Party Indebtedness Amount and (ii) any Permitted Refinancing of any of the foregoing and 
 (z) all premiums (if any), interest (including post-petition interest), fees, expenses, charges and additional or contingent interest on obligations described in clauses (a) through (y) above. 
 For purposes of determining compliance with any Dollar-denominated restriction on the creation, incurrence, assumption or existence of Indebtedness, the Dollar-equivalent principal amount of Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency shall be calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date such Indebtedness was incurred (or, at the election of the Borrower, the date such Indebtedness was priced ), in the case of term debt, or first committed or first incurred (whichever yields the lower Dollar equivalent), in the case of revolving credit debt provided that if such Indebtedness is incurred to refinance other Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency, and such refinancing would cause the applicable Dollar-denominated restriction to be exceeded if calculated at the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date of such refinancing, such U.S. dollar-denominated restriction shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the principal amount of such refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed (i) the principal amount of such Indebtedness being refinanced plus (ii) the aggregate amount of fees, underwriting discounts, premiums (including tender premiums) and other costs and expenses (including original issue discount, upfront fees or similar fees) incurred in connection with such refinancing. 
 120 

For purposes of determining compliance with any restriction on the creation, incurrence, assumption or existence of Indebtedness determined by reference to the Permitted Non-Loan Party Indebtedness Amount, the Permitted Non-Loan Party Indebtedness Amount shall be calculated at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness provided that if such Indebtedness is incurred to refinance other Indebtedness of any Non-Loan Party under Sections 7.03(h)(B), (n), (w), (x) and (y)(i) or, with respect to Guarantees by any Non-Loan Party of Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor under Sections 7.03(h)(B), (n), (u), (w), (x) and (y)(i), and such refinancing would cause the Permitted Non-Loan Party Indebtedness Amount to be exceeded if calculated on the date of such refinancing, the Permitted Non-Loan Party Indebtedness Amount shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the principal amount of such refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed (i) the principal amount of such Indebtedness being refinanced plus (ii) the aggregate amount of fees, underwriting discounts, premiums (including tender premiums) and other costs and expenses (including original issue discount, upfront fees or similar fees) incurred in connection with such refinancing. 
 The accrual of interest or dividends, the accretion of accreted value, the accretion or amortization of original issue discount, and the payment of interest or dividends in the form of additional Indebtedness as the case may be, of the same class, accretion or amortization of original issue discount and increases in the amount of Indebtedness solely as a result of fluctuations in the exchange rate of currencies, will, in each case, not be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness for purposes of this Section 7.03. The principal amount of any non-interest bearing Indebtedness or other discount security constituting Indebtedness at any date shall be the principal amount thereof that would be shown on a balance sheet of the Borrower dated such date prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 SECTION 7.04 Fundamental Changes . Merge, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or into another Person, or Dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of related transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any Person, except that 
 (a) any Restricted Subsidiary may merge with (i) the Borrower (including a merger, the sole purpose of which is to reorganize the Borrower into a new jurisdiction) provided , that (x) the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person and (y) such merger does not result in the Borrower ceasing to be incorporated under the Laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, or (ii) any one or more other Restricted Subsidiaries provided that when any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Loan Party is merging with another Restricted Subsidiary, a Loan Party shall be the continuing or surviving Person, unless the Investment made in connection with a Loan Party merging with a Non-Loan Party shall otherwise be permitted by Section 7.02 
 (b) (i) any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may merge or consolidate with or into any other Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party and (ii) any Restricted Subsidiary may liquidate or dissolve or change its legal form (subject, (x) in the case of any change of legal form, to any such Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor remaining a Guarantor and (y) in the case of a liquidation or distribution of a Loan Party, the assets of such Loan Party are transferred to a Loan Party and the security interests of the Collateral Agent in the assets so transferred remain perfected at least to the same extent that such security interests were perfected immediately prior thereto) if the Borrower determines in good faith that such action is in the best interests of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and such change is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders 
 (c) any Restricted Subsidiary may Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to the Borrower or to another Restricted Subsidiary provided that if the transferor in such a transaction is a Guarantor, then (i) the transferee must either be the Borrower or a Guarantor or (ii) to the extent constituting an Investment, such Investment must be a permitted Investment in or Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary which is not a Loan Party in accordance with Sections 7.02 and 7.03, respectively 
 (d) so long as no Default exists or would result therefrom, the Borrower may merge or consolidate with any other Person provided that (i) the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving corporation or (ii) if the Person formed by or surviving any such merger or consolidation is not the Borrower (any such Person, the Successor Company ), (A) the Successor Company shall be an entity organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (B) the Successor Company shall expressly assume all the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which the Borrower is a party pursuant to a supplement hereto or thereto in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and shall satisfy the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, (C) each Guarantor, unless it is the other party to such merger or consolidation, shall have by a supplement to the Guaranty confirmed that its Guarantee shall apply to the Successor Company s obligations under this Agreement, (D) each Guarantor, unless it is the other party to such merger or consolidation, shall have by a supplement to the Security Agreement confirmed that its obligations thereunder shall apply to the Successor Company s obligations under this Agreement, (E) each mortgagor of a Mortgaged Property, unless it is the other party to such merger or consolidation, shall have by an amendment to or restatement of the applicable Mortgage confirmed that its obligations thereunder shall apply to the Successor Company s obligations under this Agreement, and (F) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative 
 121 

Agent an officer s certificate and an opinion of counsel, each stating that such merger or consolidation and such supplement to this Agreement or any Collateral Document comply with this Agreement provided , further , that if the foregoing are satisfied, the Successor Company will succeed to, and be substituted for, the Borrower under this Agreement 
 (e) so long as no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom, any Restricted Subsidiary may merge with any other Person in order to effect an Investment permitted pursuant to Section 7.02 provided that the continuing or surviving Person shall be a Restricted Subsidiary, which together with each of the Restricted Subsidiaries, shall have complied with the requirements of Section 6.11 to the extent required under the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement 
 (f) Reserved and 
 (g) so long as no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom, a merger, dissolution, liquidation, consolidation or Disposition, the purpose of which is to effect a Disposition permitted pursuant to Section 7.05. 
 SECTION 7.05 Dispositions . Make any Disposition, except 
 (a) (x) Dispositions of obsolete or worn out property and assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in the ordinary course of business, (y) Dispositions of property or assets no longer used or useful in the conduct of the business of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries and (z) Dispositions to landlords of improvements made to leased real property pursuant to customary terms of leases entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 (b) (i) Dispositions of inventory and other assets, in any case in the ordinary course of business and (ii) any Disposition of any property by any Person with an aggregate Fair Market Value of less than 5,000,000 in any transaction or series of related transactions 
 (c) Dispositions of property in the ordinary course of business to the extent that (x) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (y) the proceeds of such Disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property 
 (d) Dispositions of property to the Borrower or to a Restricted Subsidiary provided that if the transferor of such property is the Borrower or a Guarantor, (i) the transferee thereof must either be a Guarantor or the Borrower or (ii) to the extent such transaction constitutes an Investment, such transaction is permitted under Section 7.02 
 (e) Dispositions permitted by Sections 7.04 (other than Section 7.04(g)) and 7.06, Investments permitted by Section 7.02 and Liens permitted by Section 7.01 
 (f) Dispositions contemplated on the 2021 Effective Date and set forth on Schedule 7.05(f) 
 (g) Dispositions of Cash Equivalents 
 (h) Dispositions or discounts without recourse of accounts receivable in connection with the compromise or collection thereof and not as part of a financing transaction 
 (i) (1) leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses, in each case which do not materially interfere with the business of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole and (2) Dispositions of intellectual property that do not materially interfere with the business of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries 
 (j) transfers of property subject to Casualty Events 
 (k) Dispositions of property (including pursuant to sale-leaseback transactions) provided that (i) at the time of such Disposition (other than any such Disposition made pursuant to a legally binding commitment entered into at a time when no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), no Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing or would result from such Disposition and (ii) with respect to any Disposition (or series of related Dispositions) pursuant to this clause (k) for a purchase price in excess of 10,000,000, the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary shall receive not less than 75 of such consideration in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents (in each case, free and clear of all Liens at the time received, other than nonconsensual Liens permitted by Section 7.01 and Liens permitted by Sections 7.01(a), 7.01(l), 7.01(bb), 7.01(cc), 7.01(dd) and clauses (i) and (ii) of Section 7.01(t)) provided , however , that for the purposes of this clause (ii), (A) any liabilities (as shown on the Borrower s or such Restricted Subsidiary s most recent balance sheet provided hereunder or in the footnotes thereto) of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary (other than liabilities that are by their terms subordinated to the 
 122 

payment in cash of the Obligations) that are assumed by the transferee with respect to the applicable Disposition and for which the Borrower and all of the Restricted Subsidiaries shall have been validly released by all applicable creditors in writing, (B) any securities received by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary from such transferee that are converted by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary into cash (to the extent of the cash received) within 180 days following the closing of the applicable Disposition, (C) any debt securities or other Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries received by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary and (D) any Designated Non-Cash Consideration received by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary in respect of such Disposition having an aggregate Fair Market Value, taken together with all other Designated Non-Cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause (D) that is at that time outstanding, not in excess of the greater of (1) 60,000,000 and (2) 25 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period as of such time determined on a Pro Forma Basis, with the Fair Market Value of each item of Designated Non-Cash Consideration being measured at the time received and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value, shall be deemed to be cash 
 (l) Reserved 
 (m) Dispositions of Investments in joint ventures to the extent required by, or made pursuant to customary buy sell arrangements between, the joint venture parties set forth in joint venture arrangements and similar binding arrangements 
 (n) Reserved 
 (o) Dispositions of any Equity Interests of (i) any Unrestricted Subsidiaries or (ii) any Restricted Subsidiary acquired in a Permitted Acquisition or a permitted Investment, in either case to the extent such Disposition pursuant to this clause (ii) is made pursuant to a legally binding agreement at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary 
 (p) to the extent allowable under Section 1031 of the Code (or comparable or successor provision), any exchange of like property (excluding any boot thereon permitted by such provision) for use in any business conducted by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries that is not in contravention of Section 7.07 
 (q) the unwinding of any Swap Contract 
 (r) any swap of assets (other than Cash Equivalents) in exchange for assets of the same type in the ordinary course of business of comparable or greater value or usefulness to the business of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole, as determined in good faith by the management of the Borrower and 
 (s) Dispositions of non-core assets acquired in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or any other acquisition or Investment permitted under this Agreement provided that (i) such Dispositions do not exceed 25 of the Fair Market Value (determined at the time of acquisition or Investment) of the aggregate assets acquired in such acquisition or Investment and (ii) such Disposition is completed within 12 months of such acquisition or Investment (or 18 months if a legally binding commitment to effect such Disposition is entered into within 12 months of such acquisition or Investment) 
 provided that any Disposition of any property pursuant to this Section 7.05 (except pursuant to Sections 7.05(a)(y), (a)(z), (d), (e), (f), (h), (j), (m), (o) and (q)), shall be for no less than the Fair Market Value of such property at the time of such Disposition. To the extent any Collateral is Disposed of as expressly permitted by this Section 7.05 to any Person other than the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, such Collateral shall be sold free and clear of the Liens created by the Loan Documents, and the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall be authorized to take any actions deemed appropriate in order to effect the foregoing. 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, in no event shall the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary be permitted to transfer or dispose of any Material IP Rights (other than non-exclusive licenses of Material Intellectual Property) to any Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 SECTION 7.06 Restricted Payments . Declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except 
 (a) each Restricted Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments to the Borrower and to other Restricted Subsidiaries (and, in the case of a Restricted Payment by a non-wholly owned Restricted Subsidiary, to the Borrower and any other Restricted Subsidiary and to each other owner of Equity Interests of such Restricted Subsidiary based on their relative ownership interests of the relevant class of Equity Interests) 
 123 

(b) the Borrower may declare and make dividend payments or other distributions payable solely in the Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests not otherwise permitted by Section 7.03) of the Borrower 
 (c) from and after the date the Borrower delivers an irrevocable written notice to the Administrative Agent stating that the Borrower will make Restricted Payments to Holdings that are used by Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) solely to fund (i) the payment of any AHYDO catch up payment and (ii) cash interest payments to be made by Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) with respect to Indebtedness incurred by Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) after the Closing Date (in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), the Holdings Restricted Payments Election ), the Borrower may make such Restricted Payments to Holdings in each case so long as (1) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom and (2) immediately after giving effect to such Restricted Payment, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries shall be in Pro Forma Compliance with an Interest Coverage Ratio of at least 2.00 1.00 for the Test Period most recently ended and evidenced by a certificate from the chief financial officer of the Borrower demonstrating such compliance calculation in reasonable detail 
 (d) Reserved 
 (e) to the extent constituting Restricted Payments, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries may enter into and consummate transactions expressly permitted by any provision of Sections 7.02, 7.04 or 7.08 (other than Sections 7.08(d) and (e)) 
 (f) repurchases of Equity Interests in the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary deemed to occur upon exercise of stock options or warrants or the settlement or vesting of other equity awards if such Equity Interests represent a portion of the exercise price of, or tax withholdings with respect to, such options or warrants 
 (g) the Borrower may (i) pay (or make Restricted Payments to allow Holdings or any direct or indirect parent thereof to pay) for the repurchase, retirement or other acquisition or retirement for value of Equity Interests of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) by any future, present or former employee, consultant or director of the Borrower (or Holdings or any direct or indirect parent of Holdings) or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) make Restricted Payments in the form of distributions to allow any direct or indirect parent of Holdings to pay principal or interest on promissory notes that were issued to any future, present or former employee, consultant or director of the Borrower (or Holdings or any direct or indirect parent of Holdings) or any of its Subsidiaries in lieu of cash payments for the repurchase, retirement or other acquisition or retirement for value of such Equity Interests held by such Persons, in each case, pursuant to any employee or director equity plan, employee or director stock option plan or any other employee or director benefit plan or any agreement (including any stock subscription or shareholder agreement) or arrangement with any employee, consultant or director of the Borrower (or Holdings or any direct or indirect parent of Holdings) or any of its Subsidiaries provided that the aggregate amount of Restricted Payments made pursuant to this clause (g) in any calendar year, when combined with the aggregate amount of all cash payments (whether principal or interest) made by the Loan Parties in respect of any promissory notes pursuant to Section 7.03(j) in such calendar year, shall not exceed 25,000,000, provided that any unused amounts in any calendar year may be carried over to succeeding calendar years and shall increase the preceding amount provided that any cancellation of Indebtedness owing to the Borrower in connection with and as consideration for a repurchase of Equity Interests of Holdings (or any of its direct or indirect parents) shall not be deemed to constitute a Restricted Payment for purposes of this clause (g) provided , further , that such amount in any calendar year may be increased by an amount not to exceed the remainder of (x) the sum of (1) the amount of Net Cash Proceeds of issuances of Equity Interests (other than issuances of Equity Interests made pursuant to Section 8.05 and proceeds from the issuance of Disqualified Equity Interests) to the extent that such Net Cash Proceeds shall have been actually received by the Borrower through a capital contribution of such Net Cash Proceeds by Holdings (and to the extent not used to make an Investment pursuant to Section 7.02(o) or (v), a payment pursuant to Section 7.03(j), a prepayment of Junior Financings pursuant to Section 7.13(a)(v) or a Restricted Payment pursuant to Section 7.06(g), (j) or (n)), in each case to employees, directors, officers, members of management or consultants of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent of Holdings) or of its Subsidiaries that occurs after the Closing Date plus (2) the net cash proceeds of key man life insurance policies received by Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries after the Closing Date less (y) the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments made after the Closing Date with the net cash proceeds described in preceding clause (x)(2) less (z) the aggregate amount of all cash payments made in respect of any promissory notes pursuant to Section 7.03(j) after the Closing Date in reliance on the last proviso appearing in Section 7.03(j) 
 (h) the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries may make Restricted Payments to Holdings or to any direct or indirect parent company of Holdings 
 (i) the proceeds of which will be used to pay the amount any such Person would be required to pay in respect of Income Taxes attributable to the income of such Person and its Subsidiaries, including the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries provided , however , any such payments in respect of any tax 
 124 

year to any direct or indirect parent of Holdings shall not exceed the Income Taxes or the income of such Person that is attributable to Holdings and its Subsidiaries 
 (ii) the proceeds of which shall be used by such Person to pay (A) its operating expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business, (B) other overhead costs and expenses (including administrative, legal, accounting and similar expenses provided by third parties) which are reasonable and customary and incurred in the ordinary course of business and (C) salary, bonus, severance, indemnification obligations and other compensation or benefits payable to officers, directors, employees and consultants of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) 
 (iii) the proceeds of which shall be used by such Person to pay (A) franchise taxes and other fees, taxes and expenses required to maintain its (or any of its direct or indirect parents legal existence or (B) costs and expenses incurred by it or any of its direct or indirect parents in connection with such entity being a public company, including costs and expenses relating to ongoing compliance with federal and state securities laws and regulations, SEC rules and regulations and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 (iv) Reserved 
 (v) to finance any Investment permitted to be made pursuant to Section 7.02 (other than clause (e) thereof) provided that (A) such Restricted Payment shall be made substantially concurrently with the closing of such Investment and (B) such Person shall, immediately following the closing thereof, cause (1) all property acquired (whether assets or Equity Interest) to be contributed to the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries or (2) the merger (to the extent permitted in Section 7.04) of the Person formed or acquired into the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries in order to consummate such Permitted Acquisition, in each case, in accordance with the requirements of Section 6.11 and 
 (vi) the proceeds of which shall be used by such Person to pay fees and expenses (other than to Affiliates) related to any unsuccessful equity or debt offering permitted by this Agreement 
 (i) so long as (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom and (ii) immediately after giving effect to such Restricted Payment, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries shall be in Pro Forma Compliance with the Financial Covenant, the Borrower may make additional Restricted Payments from and after the 2021 Effective Date in an aggregate amount, together with the aggregate amount of (1) loans and advances to Holdings made from and after the 2021 Effective Date pursuant to Section 7.02(m) in lieu of Restricted Payments permitted by this Section 7.06(i) and (2) the aggregate amount of payments made from and after the 2021 Effective Date pursuant to Section 7.13(a)(iv), not to exceed the greater of (i) 150,000,000 and (ii) 60 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period as of such time determined on a Pro Forma Basis 
 (j) so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, the Borrower may make additional Restricted Payments from and after the 2016 Effective Date in an amount not to exceed the Cumulative Growth Amount immediately prior to the making of such Restricted Payment 
 (k) cash payments, dividends or distributions to any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower to make cash payments, in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares or interests in connection with the exercise of warrants, options or other rights or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Equity Interests of Borrower, any of the Restricted Subsidiaries or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower provided , that any such cash payment shall not be for the purpose of evading the limitation of this covenant (as determined in good faith by the board of directors of the Borrower) 
 (l) Reserved 
 (m) so long as (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom and (ii) the Total Net Leverage Ratio (determined on a Pro Forma Basis) for the Borrower s most recently ended Test Period is not greater than 5.50 to 1.00, the Borrower may make Restricted Payments to Holdings to fund the redemption, discharge, repurchase or retirement of any Indebtedness of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) incurred after the Closing Date with the proceeds of any Permitted Holdings Refinancing Debt 
 (n) so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, the Borrower may make additional Restricted Payments with the proceeds of Excluded Contributions and 
 (o) the Borrower may make Restricted Payments so long as immediately after giving effect to such Restricted Payment and the application of proceeds therefrom, the Total Net Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 3.50 to 1.00 (calculated on a Pro Forma Basis). 
 125 

SECTION 7.07 Change in Nature of Business . Engage in any material line of business substantially different from those lines of business conducted by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries on the 2021 Effective Date or any business or any other activities that are reasonably similar, ancillary, incidental, complementary or related to, or a reasonable extension, development or expansion of, the businesses conducted or proposed to be conducted by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries on the 2021 Effective Date. 
 SECTION 7.08 Transactions with Affiliates . Enter into any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of the Borrower, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than (a) transactions among Loan Parties or any Restricted Subsidiary or any entity that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of such transaction in each case to the extent that such transactions are not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement, (b) on terms substantially as favorable to the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary as would be obtainable by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary at the time in a comparable arm s-length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate, (c) consummation of the Transaction, including the payment of Transaction Expenses, (d) Restricted Payments permitted under Section 7.06, (e) loans and other transactions by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries to the extent permitted under this Article VII, (f) employment, consulting and severance arrangements between the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries and their respective officers and employees in the ordinary course of business and transactions pursuant to stock option plans, employee or director benefit plans and arrangements and similar plans, agreements or arrangements, (g) payments by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to the tax sharing agreements among Holdings (and any such direct or indirect parent thereof), the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries on customary terms to the extent attributable to the ownership or operations of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, (h) the payment of customary fees and reasonable out of pocket costs and expenses to, and indemnities provided on behalf of, directors, officers, consultants and employees of Holdings, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business to the extent attributable to the ownership or operation of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, (i) transactions pursuant to permitted agreements in existence on the 2021 Effective Date and set forth on Schedule 7.08 or any amendment thereto or replacement thereof to the extent such an amendment or replacement is not adverse to the Lenders in any material respect, (j) reserved , (k) reserved , (l) transactions with suppliers, joint venture partners or purchasers or sellers of goods or services, in each case in the ordinary course of business and otherwise in compliance with the terms of this Agreement which are fair to Holdings, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, in the reasonable determination of the board of directors of the Borrower or the senior management thereof, or are on terms at least as favorable as would reasonably have been obtained at such time from an unaffiliated party, and (m) transactions in which Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be, delivers to the Administrative Agent a letter from an Independent Financial Advisor stating that such transaction is fair to the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary from a financial point of view or meets the requirements of Section 7.08(b). 
 SECTION 7.09 Burdensome Agreements . Enter into or permit to exist any Contractual Obligation (other than this Agreement or any other Loan Document) that limits the ability of (a) any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor to make Restricted Payments, intercompany loans or other advances to the Borrower or any Guarantor or (b) the Borrower or any Loan Party to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Liens on property of such Person for the benefit of the Secured Parties with respect to the Facilities and the Obligations or under the Loan Documents provided that the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) shall not apply to Contractual Obligations which (i) (x) exist on the 2021 Effective Date and (to the extent not otherwise permitted by this Section 7.09) are listed on Schedule 7.09 and (y) to the extent Contractual Obligations permitted by preceding clause (x) are set forth in an agreement evidencing Indebtedness, are set forth in any agreement evidencing any permitted modification, replacement, renewal, extension or refinancing of such Indebtedness so long as such modification, replacement, renewal, extension or refinancing does not expand the scope of such Contractual Obligation in any material respect, (ii) are binding on a Restricted Subsidiary at the time such Restricted Subsidiary first becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, so long as such Contractual Obligations were not entered into solely in contemplation of such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary provided, further , that this clause (ii) shall not apply to Contractual Obligations that are binding on a Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 6.14, (iii) represent Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary which is not a Loan Party which is permitted by Section 7.03, (iv) are customary restrictions that arise in connection with (x) any Lien permitted by Sections 7.01(b), (i) (j), (l), (m), (p), (s), (t)(i), (t)(ii), (u) and (z) and relate to the property subject to such Lien or (y) any Disposition permitted by Section 7.05 applicable pending such Disposition solely to the assets subject to such Disposition, (v) are customary provisions in joint venture agreements and other similar agreements applicable to joint ventures permitted under Section 7.02 and applicable solely to such joint venture, (vi) are negative pledges and restrictions on Liens in favor of any holder of Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03 but solely to the extent any negative pledge relates to the property financed by or the subject of such Indebtedness, (vii) are customary restrictions in leases, subleases, licenses or asset sale agreements otherwise permitted hereby so long as such restrictions relate to property interests, rights or the assets subject thereto, (viii) comprise restrictions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 7.03(e), (h)(A) or (x) to the extent that such restrictions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness or, in the case of Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 7.03(h)(A) only, to the Restricted Subsidiaries incurring or guaranteeing such Indebtedness, (ix) are customary provisions restricting subletting or assignment of any lease governing a leasehold interest of the Borrower or any Restricted 
 126 

Subsidiary, (x) are customary provisions restricting assignment of any agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business, (xi) are restrictions on cash or other deposits imposed by customers under contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business, (xii) arise in connection with cash or other deposits permitted under Section 7.01 or 7.02, and limited to such cash or deposits and (xiii) comprise restrictions imposed by any agreement governing Indebtedness entered into after the Closing Date and permitted under Section 7.03 that are, taken as a whole, in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, no more restrictive with respect to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary than customary market terms for Indebtedness of such type (and, in any event, are no more restrictive than the restrictions contained in this Agreement), so long as the Borrower shall have determined in good faith that such restrictions will not affect its obligations or ability to make any payments required hereunder. 
 SECTION 7.10 Reserved . 
 SECTION 7.11 Financial Covenant . Beginning with the Test Period ending June 30, 2021, permit the Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recent Test Period to be greater than 4.25 1.00 (the Financial Covenant ). The provisions of this Section 7.11 are for the benefit of the Revolving Credit Lenders and the Term A Lenders only and the Required Facility Lenders may amend, waive or otherwise modify this Section 7.11 or the defined terms used solely for purposes of this Section 7.11 or waive any Default resulting from a breach of this Section 7.11 without the consent of any Lenders other than the Required Facility Lenders in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.01(i). 
 SECTION 7.12 Accounting Changes . Make any change in fiscal quarter or fiscal year provided , however , that the Borrower may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, change its fiscal quarter or fiscal year to any other fiscal quarter or fiscal year reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, in which case, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent will, and are hereby authorized by the Lenders to, make any adjustments to this Agreement that are necessary to reflect such change in fiscal quarter or fiscal year. 
 SECTION 7.13 Prepayments, Etc. of Indebtedness . 
 (a) Prepay, redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy prior to the scheduled maturity thereof in any manner (it being understood that payments of regularly scheduled principal (to the extent permitted hereunder) and interest shall be permitted) any Indebtedness for borrowed money of a Loan Party that is expressly by its terms subordinated to the Obligations in right of payment (all of the foregoing items of Indebtedness, collectively, Junior Financing ), except (i) the refinancing or replacement thereof with any Indebtedness that constitutes a Permitted Refinancing provided , that such Indebtedness shall be subordinated to the Obligations in right of payment on terms at least as favorable to the Lenders as those contained in the documentation governing the Indebtedness being refinanced or replaced, taken as a whole, (ii) the conversion or exchange of any Junior Financing to Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) of Holdings or any of its direct or indirect parents, (iii) the prepayment of Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to the extent permitted by the subordination provisions contained in the Intercompany Note, (iv) prepayments, redemptions, purchases, defeasances and other payments in respect of Junior Financings prior to their scheduled maturity in an aggregate amount, together with the aggregate amount of (1) Restricted Payments made pursuant to Section 7.06(i) and (2) loans and advances to Holdings made pursuant to Section 7.02(m) in lieu of Restricted Payments permitted by Section 7.06(i), not to exceed, from and after the 2021 Effective Date, the greater of (x) 150,000,000 and (y) 60 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period as of such time determined on a Pro Forma Basis, (v) prepayments, redemptions, purchases, defeasances and other payments after the 2016 Effective Date in respect of the Junior Financings prior to their scheduled maturity in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Cumulative Growth Amount immediately prior to the making of such payment and (vi) prepayments, redemptions, purchases, defeasances and other payments in respect of the Junior Financings prior to their scheduled maturity so long as immediately after giving effect to such prepayments, redemptions, purchases, defeasances and other payments and the application of proceeds therefrom, the Total Net Leverage Ratio of the Borrower is less than or equal to 3.50 to 1.00 (calculated on a Pro Forma Basis). 
 (b) Amend, modify or change in any manner materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders (other than by a Permitted Refinancing) any term or condition (including any subordination provisions) of any Junior Financing Documentation in respect of any Junior Financing having an aggregate outstanding principal amount in excess of the Threshold Amount without the consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
 SECTION 7.14 Holding Company . With respect to Holdings, directly conduct, transact or otherwise engage in any material operating or business activities provided that the following and any activities incidental thereto shall be permitted in any event (i) its ownership of the Equity Interests of Borrower, including payment of dividends and other amounts in respect of its Equity Interests, (ii) the maintenance of its legal existence (including the ability to incur fees, costs and expenses relating to such maintenance), (iii) the performance of its obligations with respect to the Loan Documents and any other agreement governing Indebtedness, (iv) any issuance or sale of its 
 127 

Equity Interests, (v) financing activities, including the issuance of securities, incurrence of debt, incurrence of liens, payment of dividends, making contributions to the capital of the Borrower and guaranteeing the obligations of the Borrower and any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to the extent not prohibited under this Agreement, (vi) participating in tax, accounting and other administrative matters (x) as a member of the Borrower, (y) as a member of any unitary, combined or similar group including Holdings and the Borrower, or (z) with respect to its own business and activities, (vii) holding any cash, Cash Equivalents or property (but not operate any property), (viii) providing indemnification to officers and directors and (ix) any activities customary for passive holding companies. 
 ARTICLE VIII Events of Default and Remedies 
 SECTION 8.01 Events of Default . Any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default 
 (a) Non-Payment . The Borrower or any other Loan Party fails to pay (i) when and as required to be paid herein, any amount of principal of any Loan or (ii) within five (5) Business Days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan or any other amount payable hereunder or with respect to any other Loan Document or 
 (b) Specific Covenants . Holdings or the Borrower fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Sections 6.03(a), 6.05(a) (solely with respect to the Borrower) or Article VII provided that the Borrower s failure to comply with the Financial Covenant shall not constitute an Event of Default with respect to any 2021 Term B Loans or 2021 Term B Loan Commitments unless and until the Required Revolving Lenders for the Revolving Credit Facility shall have terminated their Revolving Credit Commitments and the Required Facility Lenders shall have declared all amounts outstanding under the Term A Loan Facility and the Revolving Credit Facility to be due and payable pursuant to Section 8.02 provided , further , that any Event of Default under Section 7.11 is subject to cure as contemplated by Section 8.05 or 
 (c) Other Defaults . Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in Section 8.01(a) or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for thirty (30) days after notice thereof by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower or 
 (d) Representations and Warranties . Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by any Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document required to be delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made or 
 (e) Cross-Default . Any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary (A) fails to make any payment beyond the applicable grace period with respect thereto, if any (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness hereunder)having an aggregate outstanding principal amount of not less than the Threshold Amount, or (B) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to any such Indebtedness having an aggregate outstanding principal amount of not less than the Threshold Amount, or any other event occurs (other than, with respect to Indebtedness consisting of Swap Contracts, termination events or equivalent events pursuant to the terms of such Swap Contracts), the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity provided that this clause (e)(B) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, if such sale or transfer is permitted hereunder and provided , further , in each case, that any such failure is unremedied and is not waived by the holders of such Indebtedness prior to any termination of the Commitments or acceleration of the Loans pursuant to Section 8.02 or 
 (f) Insolvency Proceedings, Etc . Any Loan Party or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator, administrator, administrative receiver or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property or any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator, administrator, administrative receiver or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent of such Person and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for sixty (60) calendar days or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for sixty (60) calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding or 
 128 

(g) Reserved 
 (h) Judgments . (i) There is entered against any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary one or more final judgments or orders for the payment of money in an aggregate amount exceeding the Threshold Amount (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer has been notified of such judgment or order and has not denied coverage) and such judgments or orders shall not have been satisfied, vacated, discharged or stayed or bonded pending an appeal for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process requiring payment of money in an aggregate amount exceeding the Threshold Amount is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of the Loan Parties and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and such writ or warrant shall not have been satisfied, vacated, discharged or stayed or bonded pending an appeal for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days or 
 (i) ERISA . (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of any Loan Party in an aggregate amount which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or 
 (j) Invalidity of Loan Documents . Any material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder (including as a result of a transaction permitted under Section 7.04 or 7.05) or as a result of acts or omissions by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or the satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect or any Loan Party contests in writing the validity or enforceability of any provision of any Loan Document or any Loan Party denies in writing that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document (other than as a result of repayment in full of the Obligations and termination of the Aggregate Commitments), or purports in writing to revoke or rescind any Loan Document or 
 (k) Change of Control . There occurs any Change of Control or 
 (l) Collateral Documents . Any Collateral Document after delivery thereof pursuant to Section 6.11 or 6.13 shall for any reason (other than pursuant to the terms thereof including as a result of a transaction permitted under Section 7.04 or 7.05) cease to create a valid and perfected lien, with the priority required by the Collateral Documents on and security interest in any material portion of the Collateral purported to be covered thereby, subject to Permitted Liens, except to the extent that any such loss of perfection or priority results solely from (A) the Collateral Agent no longer having possession of certificates actually delivered to it representing securities pledged under the Collateral Documents or (B) a Uniform Commercial Code filing having lapsed because a Uniform Commercial Code continuation statement was not filed in a timely manner, and except as to Collateral consisting of real property to the extent that such losses are covered by a lender s title insurance policy and such insurer has not denied coverage. 
 SECTION 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default . If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent may and, at the request of the Required Lenders, shall take any or all of the following actions 
 (a) declare the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L C Issuers to make L C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated 
 (b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower 
 (c) require that the Borrower Cash Collateralize the L C Obligations (in an amount equal to the then Outstanding Amount thereof) and 
 (d) exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents or applicable Law 
 provided that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an Event of Default under Section 8.01(f) with respect to the Borrower, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L C Issuers to make L C Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the 
 129 

Borrower to Cash Collateralize the L C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if the only Events of Default then having occurred and continuing are pursuant to a failure to observe the Financial Covenant, the Administrative Agent shall only take the actions set forth in this Section 8.02 at the request of the Required Facility Lenders (as opposed to Required Lenders) under the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term A Loan Facility. 
 SECTION 8.03 Exclusion of Immaterial Subsidiaries . Solely for the purpose of determining whether a Default has occurred under clause (f) of Section 8.01, any reference in such clause to any Restricted Subsidiary or Loan Party shall be deemed not to include any Immaterial Subsidiary (it being agreed that all Immaterial Subsidiaries affected by any event or circumstance referred to in any such clause shall be considered together, as a single consolidated Immaterial Subsidiary, for purposes of determining whether the condition specified above is satisfied). 
 SECTION 8.04 Application of Funds . After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L C Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order 
 First , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (other than principal and interest, but including Attorney Costs payable under Section 10.04 and amounts payable under Article III) payable to each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent in its capacity as such 
 Second , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees (other than commitment fees, letter of credit fees and facility fees), indemnities and other amounts (other than principal and interest) payable to the Lenders (including Attorney Costs payable under Section 10.04 and amounts payable under Article III), ratably among them in proportion to the amounts described in this clause Second payable to them 
 Third , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid commitment fees, letter of credit fees, facilities fees and interest on the Loans and L C Borrowings, ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them 
 Fourth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and L C Borrowings, the Obligations under Secured Hedge Agreements and the Cash Management Obligations, ratably among the Lenders and the other Secured Parties in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them 
 Fifth , to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L C Issuers, to Cash Collateralize that portion of L C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit 
 Sixth , to the payment of all other Obligations of the Loan Parties that are due and payable to the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties on such date, ratably based upon the respective aggregate amounts of all such Obligations owing to the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties on such date and 
 Last , the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Law. 
 Subject to Section 2.03(c), amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Fifth above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above and, if no Obligations remain outstanding, to the Borrower. 
 SECTION 8.05 Borrower s Right to Cure . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 8.01 or Section 8.02, but subject to Sections 8.05(b) and (c), for the purpose of determining whether an Event of Default under the Financial Covenant has occurred, the Borrower may on one or more occasions designate any portion of the Net Cash Proceeds from a sale or issuance of Qualified Equity Interests or of any contribution to the common capital of the Borrower (or from any other contribution to capital or sale or issuance of any other Equity Interests on terms reasonably satisfactory to 
 130 

the Administrative Agent) (the Cure Amount as an increase to Consolidated EBITDA for the applicable fiscal quarter provided that such amounts to be designated (i) are actually received by the Borrower (x) on or after the first Business Day of the applicable fiscal quarter and (y) on or prior to the twentieth (20th) day after the date on which financial statements are required to be delivered with respect to such applicable fiscal quarter (the Cure Expiration Date ), (ii) do not exceed the maximum aggregate amount necessary to cure any Event of Default under the Financial Covenant as of such date and (iii) the Borrower shall have provided notice to the Administrative Agent on the date such amounts are designated as a Cure Amount (it being understood that to the extent such notice is provided in advance of delivery of a Compliance Certificate for the applicable period, the amount of such Net Cash Proceeds that is designated as the Cure Amount may be lower than specified in such notice to the extent that the amount necessary to cure any Event of Default under the Financial Covenant is less than the full amount of such originally designated amount). The Cure Amount used to calculate Consolidated EBITDA for one fiscal quarter shall be used and included when calculating Consolidated EBITDA for each Test Period that includes such fiscal quarter. The parties hereby acknowledge that this Section 8.05(a) may not be relied on for purposes of calculating any financial ratios other than as applicable to the Financial Covenant (and shall not be included for purposes of determining pricing, mandatory prepayments and the availability or amount permitted pursuant to any covenant under Article VII other than the Financial Covenant) and shall not result in any adjustment to any amounts (including the amount of Indebtedness) or increase in cash with respect to the quarter with respect to which such Cure Amount was made other than the amount of the Consolidated EBITDA referred to in the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 8.01 and Section 8.02, (A) upon designation of the Cure Amount by the Borrower, the Financial Covenant shall be deemed satisfied and complied with as of the end of the relevant fiscal quarter with the same effect as though there had been no failure to comply with the Financial Covenant and any Event of Default under the Financial Covenant (and any other Default as a result thereof) shall be deemed not to have occurred for purposes of the Loan Documents, and (B) neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender may exercise any rights or remedies under Section 8.02 (or under any other Loan Document) on the basis of any actual or purported Event of Default under the Financial Covenant (and any other Default as a result thereof) until and unless the Cure Expiration Date has occurred without the Cure Amount having been received by the Borrower. 
 (b) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 8.05(a), in each period of four consecutive fiscal quarters there shall be at least two (2) fiscal quarters in which no cure set forth in Section 8.05(a) is made. 
 (c) There can be no more than five (5) fiscal quarters in which the cure rights set forth in Section 8.05(a) are exercised during the term of the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 ARTICLE IX Administrative Agent and Other Agents 
 SECTION 9.01 Appointment and Authorization of Agents . 
 (a) Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints, designates and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and each other Loan Document and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to it by the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained elsewhere herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent shall have no duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, nor shall the Administrative Agent have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender or participant, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against the Administrative Agent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, the use of the term agent herein and in the other Loan Documents with reference to any Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties. 
 (b) Each L C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and each such L C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (i) provided to the Agents in this Article IX with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by such L C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and the applications and agreements for letters of credit pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Agent as used in this Article IX and in the definition of Agent-Related Person included such L C Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (ii) as additionally provided herein with respect to such L C Issuer. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall also act as the collateral agent under the Loan Documents, and each of the Lenders (in its capacities as a Lender, Swing Line Lender (if applicable), L C Issuer (if applicable) and a 
 131 

potential Hedge Bank or Cash Management Bank) hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to act as the agent of (and to hold any security interest created by the Collateral Documents for and on behalf of or on trust for) such Lender for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Secured Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. In this connection, the Administrative Agent, as collateral agent (and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.02 for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Collateral Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Administrative Agent), shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of this Article IX (including, Section 9.07, as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the collateral agent under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto. 
 SECTION 9.02 Delegation of Duties . The Administrative Agent may execute any of its duties under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Collateral Documents or of exercising any rights and remedies thereunder) by or through agents, employees or attorneys-in-fact, such sub-agents as shall be deemed necessary by the Administrative Agent and shall be entitled to advice of counsel and other consultants or experts concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agent or sub-agent or attorney-in-fact that it selects in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined in the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction). 
 SECTION 9.03 Liability of Agents . No Agent-Related Person shall (a) be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby (except for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, in connection with its duties expressly set forth herein), or (b) be responsible in any manner to any Lender or participant for any recital, statement, representation or warranty made by any Loan Party or any officer thereof, contained herein or in any other Loan Document or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), or the perfection or priority of any Lien or security interest created or purported to be created under the Collateral Documents, or for any failure of any Loan Party or any other party to any Loan Document to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. No Agent-Related Person shall be under any obligation to any Lender or participant to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or to inspect the properties, books or records of any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be liable for, or be responsible for any loss, cost or expense suffered by the Borrower, any Subsidiary, any Lender or any L C Issuer as a result of, any determination of the Revolving Credit Exposure, any of the component amounts thereof or any portion thereof attributable to each Lender or L C Issuer, or any Spot Rate or Dollar Equivalent. 
 SECTION 9.04 Reliance by Agents . 
 (a) Each Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any writing, communication, signature, resolution, representation, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, telegram, facsimile, telex or telephone message, electronic mail message, statement or other document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons, and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including counsel to any Loan Party), independent accountants and other experts selected by such Agent. Each Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under any Loan Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders as it deems appropriate and, if it so requests, it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. Each Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document in accordance with a request or consent of the Required Lenders (or such greater number of Lenders as may be expressly required hereby in any instance) and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders. 
 (b) For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in the 2021 Amendment Agreement, each Lender that has signed the 2021 Amendment Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed 2021 Effective Date specifying its objection thereto. 
 132 

SECTION 9.05 Notice of Default . The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default, except with respect to defaults in the payment of principal, interest and fees required to be paid to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders, unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from a Lender or the Borrower referring to this Agreement, describing such Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default. The Administrative Agent will notify the Lenders of its receipt of any such notice. The Administrative Agent shall take such action with respect to any Event of Default as may be directed by the Required Lenders in accordance with Article VIII provided that unless and until the Administrative Agent has received any such direction, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Event of Default as it shall deem advisable or in the best interest of the Lenders. 
 SECTION 9.06 Credit Decision Disclosure of Information by Agents . Each Lender acknowledges that no Agent-Related Person has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by any Agent hereafter taken, including any consent to and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by any Agent-Related Person to any Lender as to any matter, including whether Agent-Related Persons have disclosed material information in their possession. Each Lender represents to each Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their respective Subsidiaries, and all applicable bank or other regulatory Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to the Borrower and the other Loan Parties hereunder. Each Lender also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by any Agent herein, such Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any of the Loan Parties or any of their respective Affiliates which may come into the possession of any Agent-Related Person. 
 SECTION 9.07 Indemnification of Agents . Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, the Lenders shall indemnify upon demand each Agent-Related Person (to the extent not reimbursed by or on behalf of any Loan Party and without limiting the obligation of any Loan Party to do so), pro rata, and hold harmless each Agent-Related Person from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by it provided that no Lender shall be liable for the payment to any Agent-Related Person of any portion of such Indemnified Liabilities resulting from such Agent-Related Person s own gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct, as determined by the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction provided that no action taken in accordance with the directions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be required by the Loan Documents) shall be deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct for purposes of this Section 9.07. In the case of any investigation, litigation or proceeding giving rise to any Indemnified Liabilities, this Section 9.07 applies whether any such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Lender or any other Person. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender shall reimburse the Administrative Agent upon demand for its ratable share of any costs or out-of-pocket expenses (including Attorney Costs) incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any document contemplated by or referred to herein, to the extent that the Administrative Agent is not reimbursed for such expenses by or on behalf of the Borrower and without limiting the Borrower s obligation to do so. The undertaking in this Section 9.07 shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments, the payment of all other Obligations and the resignation of the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 9.08 Agents in their Individual Capacities . The Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may make loans to, issue letters of credit for the account of, accept deposits from, acquire Equity Interests in and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial advisory, underwriting or other business with each of the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates as though the Administrative Agent were not the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender or an L C Issuer hereunder and without notice to or consent of the Lenders. The Lenders acknowledge that, pursuant to such activities, the Administrative Agent or its Affiliates may receive information regarding any Loan Party or its Affiliates (including information that may be subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of such Loan Party or such Affiliate) and acknowledge that the Administrative Agent shall be under no obligation to provide such information to them. With respect to its Loans, the Administrative Agent shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement as any other Lender and may exercise such rights and powers as 
 133 

though it were not the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender or an L C Issuer, and the terms Lender and Lenders include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity. 
 SECTION 9.09 Successor Agents . The Administrative Agent may resign as the Administrative Agent upon ten (10) days notice to the Lenders and the Borrower. If the Administrative Agent is subject to an Agent-Related Distress Event, the Required Lenders may remove the Administrative Agent upon ten (10) days notice. Upon the resignation or removal of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, the Required Lenders shall appoint from among the Lenders a successor agent for the Lenders, which successor agent shall be consented to by the Borrower (which consent of the Borrower shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed if such successor is a commercial bank with a combined capital and surplus of at least 1,000,000,000 that can act as a withholding agent for U.S. federal income Tax purposes, and otherwise may be withheld at the Borrower s sole discretion) at all times other than during the existence of an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) or (f). If no successor agent is appointed by the Required Lenders prior to the effective date of the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent may appoint, after consulting with the Lenders and the Borrower, a successor agent from among the Lenders provided , however , that if no successor agent has accepted appointment as the Administrative Agent by the date which is ten (10) days following the retiring Administrative Agent s notice of resignation or the receipt by the Administrative Agent of the notice of removal referred to above, as applicable, the retiring Administrative Agent s resignation or removal, as the case may be, shall nevertheless thereupon become effective and the Lenders shall perform all of the duties of the Administrative Agent hereunder until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as successor agent hereunder, the Person acting as such successor agent shall succeed to all the rights, powers and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent and the term Administrative Agent, shall mean such successor administrative agent and or supplemental administrative agent, as the case may be, and the retiring Administrative Agent s appointment, powers and duties as the Administrative Agent shall be terminated. After the retiring Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder as the Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Article IX and Sections 10.04 and 10.05 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was the Administrative Agent under this Agreement. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as the Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor and upon the execution and filing or recording of such financing statements, or amendments thereto, and such amendments or supplements to the Mortgages, and such other instruments or notices, as may be necessary or desirable, or as the Required Lenders may request, in order to (a) continue the perfection of the Liens granted or purported to be granted by the Collateral Documents or (b) otherwise ensure that the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement is satisfied, the Administrative Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, discretion, privileges, and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents. The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder as the Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Article IX shall continue in effect for its benefit in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was acting as the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 9.10 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim . In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L C Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise 
 (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L C Obligations and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.03(h) and (i), 2.10 and 10.04) allowed in such judicial proceeding and 
 (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Agents and their respective agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.10 and 10.04. 
 134 

Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. 
 SECTION 9.11 Collateral and Guaranty Matters . The Lenders irrevocably agree 
 (a) that any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document shall be automatically released (i) upon termination of the Aggregate Commitments and payment in full of all Obligations (other than (x) obligations under Secured Hedge Agreements not yet due and payable, (y) Cash Management Obligations not yet due and payable and (z) contingent indemnification obligations not yet accrued and payable) and the expiration or termination of all Letters of Credit (or upon cash collateralization of all Letters of Credit in a manner and pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or receipt of backstop letters of credit, in form and substance and from a financial institution, reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), (ii) at the time the property subject to such Lien is transferred or to be transferred as part of or in connection with any transfer permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document to any Person other than Holdings, the Borrower or any other Guarantor (whether as a Disposition or Investment), (iii) subject to Section 10.01, if the release of such Lien is approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders, or (iv) if the property subject to such Lien is owned by a Guarantor, upon release of such Guarantor from its obligations under its Guaranty pursuant to clause (c) below 
 (b) to release or subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Section 7.01(i) or Section 7.01(p) and 
 (c) that any Guarantor shall be automatically released from its obligations under the Guaranty if such Person ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of a transaction or designation permitted hereunder (including as a result of a Guarantor being redesignated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary) provided that no such release shall occur if such Guarantor continues (after giving effect to the consummation of such transaction or designation) to be a guarantor in respect of any unsecured Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor or any Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor that is secured on a junior basis to the Obligations. 
 Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders (or such greater number of Lenders as may be required pursuant to Section 10.01) will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty pursuant to this Section 9.11. In each case as specified in this Section 9.11, the Administrative Agent will (and each Lender irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent to), at the Borrower s expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to evidence the release or subordination of such item of Collateral from the assignment and security interest granted under the Collateral Documents, or to evidence the release of such Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents and this Section 9.11. 
 SECTION 9.12 Cash Management Obligations and Secured Hedge Agreements . Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein or in any Guaranty or any Collateral Document, no Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank that obtains the benefits of Section 8.04, any Guaranty or any Collateral by virtue of the provisions hereof or of any Guaranty or any Collateral Document shall have any right to notice of any action or to consent to, direct or object to any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document or otherwise in respect of the Collateral (including the release or impairment of any Collateral) other than in its capacity as a Lender and, in such case, only to the extent expressly provided in the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article IX to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Cash Management Obligations and Obligations arising under Secured Hedge Agreements unless the Administrative Agent has received written notice of such Obligations, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank, as the case may be. 
 SECTION 9.13 Other Agents Arrangers and Managers . None of the Lenders or other Persons identified on the facing page or signature pages of this Agreement as a syndication agent, documentation agent , joint bookrunner or joint arranger shall have any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement other than those applicable to all Lenders as such. Without limiting the foregoing, none of the Lenders or other Persons so identified shall have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender. Each Lender acknowledges that it has not relied, and will not rely, on any of the Lenders or other Persons so identified in deciding to enter into this Agreement or in taking or not taking action hereunder. 
 135 

SECTION 9.14 Appointment of Supplemental Administrative Agents . 
 (a) It is the purpose of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents that there shall be no violation of any Law of any jurisdiction denying or restricting the right of banking corporations or associations to transact business as agent or trustee in such jurisdiction. It is recognized that in case of litigation under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, and in particular in case of the enforcement of any of the Loan Documents, or in case the Administrative Agent deems that by reason of any present or future Law of any jurisdiction it may not exercise any of the rights, powers or remedies granted herein or in any of the other Loan Documents or take any other action which may be desirable or necessary in connection therewith, the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized to appoint an additional individual or institution selected by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion as a separate trustee, co-trustee, administrative agent, collateral agent, administrative sub-agent or administrative co-agent (any such additional individual or institution being referred to herein individually as a Supplemental Administrative Agent and collectively as Supplemental Administrative Agents ). 
 (b) In the event that the Administrative Agent appoints a Supplemental Administrative Agent with respect to any Collateral, (i) each and every right, power, privilege or duty expressed or intended by this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to be exercised by or vested in or conveyed to the Administrative Agent with respect to such Collateral shall be exercisable by and vest in such Supplemental Administrative Agent to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to enable such Supplemental Administrative Agent to exercise such rights, powers and privileges with respect to such Collateral and to perform such duties with respect to such Collateral, and every covenant and obligation contained in the Loan Documents and necessary to the exercise or performance thereof by such Supplemental Administrative Agent shall run to and be enforceable by either the Administrative Agent or such Supplemental Administrative Agent, and (ii) the provisions of this Article IX and of Section 10.04 and 10.05 that refer to the Administrative Agent shall inure to the benefit of such Supplemental Administrative Agent and all references therein to the Administrative Agent shall be deemed to be references to the Administrative Agent and or such Supplemental Administrative Agent, as the context may require. 
 (c) Should any instrument in writing from the Borrower, Holdings or any other Loan Party be required by any Supplemental Administrative Agent so appointed by the Administrative Agent for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to him or it such rights, powers, privileges and duties, the Borrower or Holdings, as applicable, shall, or shall cause such Loan Party to, execute, acknowledge and deliver any and all such instruments promptly upon request by the Administrative Agent. In case any Supplemental Administrative Agent, or a successor thereto, shall die, become incapable of acting, resign or be removed, all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of such Supplemental Administrative Agent, to the extent permitted by Law, shall vest in and be exercised by the Administrative Agent until the appointment of a new Supplemental Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 9.15 Erroneous Payments . 
 (a) Each Lender hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise individually and collectively, a Payment were erroneously transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender under this Section 9.15 shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (b) Each Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received 
 136 

by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 
 (c) The Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party. 
 (d) Each party s obligations under this Section 9.15 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document. 
 (e) This Section 9.15 shall not be interpreted to increase (or accelerate the due date for), or have the effect of increasing (or accelerating the due date for), the Obligations of the Borrower relative to the amount (and or timing for payment) of the Obligations that would have been payable had such erroneous Payment not been made by the Administrative Agent. 
 ARTICLE X Miscellaneous 
 SECTION 10.01 Amendments, Etc. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, no amendment, modification, supplement or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Borrower or any other Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders (other than with respect to any amendment or waiver contemplated in clauses (g), (h) (in the case of clause (h), to the extent permitted by Section 2.16) or (i) below, which shall only require the consent of the Required Facility Lenders under the applicable Facility or Facilities, as applicable) (or by the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) and the Borrower or the other applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and each such waiver, amendment, modification, supplement or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given provided that no such amendment, modification, supplement, waiver or consent shall 
 (a) extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender (it being understood that a waiver of any condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02 or the waiver of any Default, mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of the Commitments shall not constitute an extension or increase of any Commitment of any Lender) 
 (b) postpone any date scheduled for, or reduce the amount of, any payment of principal or interest under Sections 2.08 or 2.09 (other than pursuant to Section 2.09(b)) without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, it being understood that the waiver of (or amendment to the terms of) any mandatory prepayment of the Term Loans shall not constitute a postponement of any date scheduled for the payment of principal or interest and it further being understood that any change to the definition of Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, Consolidated Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio, Total Net Leverage Ratio or Interest Coverage Ratio, or, in each case, in the component definitions thereof, shall not constitute a reduction in any amount of interest 
 (c) reduce or forgive the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or L C Borrowing, or (subject to clause (iii) of the second proviso to this Section 10.01) any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, it being understood that any change to the definition of Total Net Leverage Ratio, Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, Consolidated Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio or Interest Coverage Ratio or, in each case, in the component definitions thereof shall not constitute a reduction in the rate provided that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest at the Default Rate 
 (d) change any provision of this Section 10.01, the definition of Required Lenders , Required Facility Lenders or Pro Rata Share or Sections 2.07(c), 8.04 or 2.14 without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby (it being understood that each Lender shall be directly and adversely affected by a change to the Required Lenders or Pro Rata Share definitions) 
 137 

(e) other than in connection with a transaction permitted under Section 7.04 or Section 7.05, release all or substantially all of the Collateral in any transaction or series of related transactions, without the written consent of each Lender 
 (f) other than in connection with a transaction permitted under Sections 7.04 or 7.05, release all or substantially all of the aggregate value of the Guarantees, without the written consent of each Lender 
 (g) amend, waive or otherwise modify any term or provision (including the waiver of any conditions set forth in Section 4.02 as to any Credit Extension under one or more of the Revolving Credit Facility, a given Class of Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments, a given Extension Series of Extended Revolving Credit Commitments or a given Class of Other Revolving Credit Commitments) which directly affects Lenders under one or more of the Revolving Credit Facility, a given Class of Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments, a given Extension Series of Extended Revolving Credit Commitments or a given Class of Other Revolving Credit Commitments and does not directly affect Lenders under any other Facilities, in each case, without the written consent of the Required Facility Lenders under such applicable Facility or Facilities with respect to Revolving Credit Commitments, a given Class of Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments, a given Extension Series of Extended Revolving Credit Commitments or a given Class of Other Revolving Credit Commitments (and in the case of multiple Facilities which are affected, such Required Facility Lenders shall consent together as one Facility) provided , however , that the waivers described in this clause (g) shall not require the consent of any Lenders other than the Required Facility Lenders under such Facility or Facilities (it being understood that any amendment to the conditions of effectiveness of Incremental Commitments set forth in Section 2.16 shall be subject to clause (h) below) 
 (h) amend, waive or otherwise modify any term or provision (including the availability and conditions to funding under Section 2.16 with respect to Incremental Term Loans and Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments and the rate of interest applicable thereto) or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments and does not directly affect Lenders under any other Facility, in each case, without the written consent of the Required Facility Lenders under such applicable Incremental Term Loans or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments (and in the case of multiple Facilities which are affected, such Required Facility Lenders shall consent together as one Facility) provided , however , that, to the extent permitted under Section 2.16, the waivers described in this clause (h) shall only require the consent of the Required Facility Lenders under such applicable Incremental Term Loans or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments 
 (i) amend or otherwise modify (a) the Financial Covenant, (b) the exception set forth in Section 6.01(a)(y) (or in the comparable provision in the final paragraph of Section 6.01) and (c) Section 8.05, in each case or any definition related thereto (as any such definition is used therein) or waive any Default resulting from a failure to perform or observe the Financial Covenant (including any related Default under Section 6.01) or Section 8.05 without the written consent of the Required Facility Lenders under the Term A Loan Facility and Revolving Credit Facility (such Required Facility Lenders shall consent together as one Facility) provided , however , that the amendments, modifications and waivers described in this clause (i) shall not require the consent of any Lenders other than the Required Facility Lenders under the Term A Loan Facility and Revolving Credit Facility or 
 (j) amend or otherwise modify the Loan Documents to provide that the Liens on the Collateral securing the Loans shall be subordinated to the Liens on the Collateral securing, or the Loans would be subordinated in right of payment to, any other Indebtedness for borrowed money incurred by any Loan Party (such other indebtedness, the Priming Indebtedness , and the transaction resulting in such Priming Indebtedness, the Priming Transaction without the prior written consent of all directly and adversely affected Lenders provided that this clause (j) shall not apply with respect to (x) transactions otherwise permitted under this Agreement (including any Obligations permitted under this Agreement), (y) any debtor-in-possession financing approved by a court having jurisdiction over the applicable Loan Party and (z) any Priming Transaction in which the Borrower offered the applicable Lenders (other than Defaulting Lenders) that were directly and adversely affected by such Priming Transaction (at the time of the applicable Priming Transaction) an opportunity to ratably participate on the same terms as offered to all other providers of such Priming Indebtedness 
 and provided , further , that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by each L C Issuer in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of an L C Issuer under this Agreement or any Letter of Credit Application relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it provided , however , that this Agreement may be amended to adjust the mechanics related to the issuance of Letters of Credit, including mechanical changes relating to the existence of multiple L C Issuers, with only the written consent of the Administrative Agent, the applicable L C Issuer and the Borrower so long as the obligations of the Revolving Credit Lenders, if any, who have not executed such amendment, and if applicable the other L C Issuers, if any who have not executed such amendment, are not adversely affected thereby (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Swing Line Lender in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties 
 138 

of the Swing Line Lender under this Agreement provided , however , that this Agreement may be amended to adjust the borrowing mechanics related to Swing Line Loans, with only the written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender and the Borrower so long as the obligations of the Revolving Credit Lenders, if any, who have not executed such amendment, are not adversely affected thereby (iii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of, or any fees or other amounts payable to, the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (iv) Reserved (v) Section 10.07(h) may not be amended, waived or otherwise modified without the consent of each Granting Lender all or any part of whose Loans are being funded by an SPC at the time of such amendment, waiver or other modification and (vi) the consent of the applicable Required Facility Lenders shall be required with respect to any amendment that by its terms adversely affects the rights of Lenders under one or more Term Facilities (and in the case of multiple Term Facilities which are so adversely affected, such Required Facility Lenders shall consent together as one Term Facility) in respect of payments hereunder in a manner different than such amendment affects other Term Facilities. Any such waiver and any such amendment, modification or supplement in accordance with the terms of this Section 10.01 shall apply equally to each of the Lenders and shall be binding on the Loan Parties, the Lenders, the Agents and all future holders of the Loans and Commitments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder, except that, without the consent of such Lender (i) the Commitment of such Lender may not be increased or extended and (ii) the principal of any Loan by such Lender may not be reduced or forgiven (it being understood that any Commitments or Loans held or deemed held by any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for a vote of the Lenders hereunder requiring any consent of the Lenders). 
 No Lender consent is required to effect any amendment or supplement to any First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, any Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement or other intercreditor agreement or arrangement permitted under this Agreement (i) that is for the purpose of adding the holders of Permitted Pari Passu Secured Refinancing Debt, Permitted Junior Secured Refinancing Debt, secured Incremental Equivalent Debt or other secured Indebtedness permitted to be incurred under Section 7.03 (or a Senior Representative with respect thereto) as parties thereto, as expressly contemplated by the terms of such First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, such Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement or such other intercreditor agreement or arrangement permitted under this Agreement, as applicable (it being understood that any such amendment or supplement may make such other changes to the applicable intercreditor agreement as, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, are required to effectuate the foregoing and provided , that such other changes are not adverse, in any material respect, to the interests of the Lenders) or (ii) that is expressly contemplated by any First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, any Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement or other intercreditor agreement or arrangement permitted under this Agreement provided , further , that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (a) to add one or more additional credit facilities to this Agreement and to permit the extensions of credit from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Term Loans and the Revolving Credit Loans and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof and (b) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders. 
 In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended with the written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders providing the relevant Replacement Term Loans to permit the refinancing of all outstanding Term Loans of any Class Refinanced Term Loans with a replacement term loan tranche denominated in Dollars Replacement Term Loans hereunder provided that (a) the aggregate principal amount of such Replacement Term Loans shall not exceed the aggregate principal amount of such Refinanced Term Loans plus accrued interest, fees, premiums (if any) and penalties thereon and reasonable fees and expenses associated with such Replacement Term Loans, (b) the All-In Yield with respect to such Replacement Term Loans (or similar interest rate spread applicable to such Replacement Term Loans) shall not be higher than the All-In Yield for such Refinanced Term Loans (or similar interest rate spread applicable to such Refinanced Term Loans) immediately prior to such refinancing unless the maturity of the Replacement Term Loans is at least one year later than the maturity of the Refinanced Term Loans, (c) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of such Replacement Term Loans shall not be shorter than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of such Refinanced Term Loans (as originally in effect prior to any amortization or prepayments thereof) and (d) all other terms applicable to such Replacement Term Loans shall be substantially identical to, or less favorable to the Lenders providing such Replacement Term Loans than, those applicable to such Refinanced Term Loans, except to the extent necessary to provide for covenants and other terms applicable to any period after the Latest Maturity Date in effect immediately prior to such refinancing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 10.01, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may, without the input or consent of the Lenders, effect amendments to this 
 139 

Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate in the opinion of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to effect the provisions of this paragraph. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 10.01, guarantees, collateral security documents and related documents executed by any Guarantor in connection with this Agreement may be in a form reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and may be amended with the consent of the Administrative Agent at the request of the Borrower without the need to obtain the consent of any other Lender if such amendment is delivered in order (i) to comply with local Law or advice of local counsel, (ii) to cure ambiguities or defects as set forth in the paragraph below or (iii) to cause such guarantee, collateral security document or other document to be consistent with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 If the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall have jointly identified an obvious error (including, but not limited to, an incorrect cross-reference) or any error or omission of a technical or immaterial nature, in each case, in any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any exhibit, schedule or other attachment to any Loan Document), then the Administrative Agent (acting in its sole discretion) and the Borrower or any other relevant Loan Party shall be permitted to amend such provision and such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to any Loan Document. Notification of such amendment shall be made by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders promptly upon such amendment becoming effective. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 10.01, this Agreement may be amended as provided in Section 3.03(d) 3.03(c) , without any additional consents 
 SECTION 10.02 Notices and Other Communications Facsimile Copies . 
 (a) General . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be in writing (including by facsimile transmission). All such written notices shall be mailed, faxed or delivered to the applicable address, facsimile number or electronic mail address, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows 
 (i) if to the Borrower, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for the Borrower on Schedule 10.02 or to such other address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number as shall be designated by the Borrower in a notice to the other parties 
 (ii) If to the Administrative Agent or Swingline Lender 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 10 South Dearborn, Floor L2 
 Suite IL1-0480 
 Chicago, IL, 60603-2300 
 Attention Matthew Bruno 
 Phone No +1-302-634-5842 
 Email matthew.bruno chase.com 
 
 With copy(s) to 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 Middle Market Servicing 
 10 South Dearborn, Floor L2 
 Suite IL1-0480 
 Chicago, IL, 60603-2300 
 Attention Commercial Banking Group 
 Fax No (844) 490-5663 
 Email jpm.agency.cri jpmorgan.com 
 jpm.agency.servicing.1 jpmorgan.com 
 
 Agency Withholding Tax Inquiries 
 Email agency.tax.reporting jpmorgan.com 
 Agency Compliance Financials Intralinks 
 Email covenant.compliance jpmchase.com 
 140 

(iii) If to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as an L C Issuer 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 10 South Dearborn, Floor L2 
 Suite IL1-0480 
 Chicago, IL, 60603-2300 
 Attention LC Agency Team 
 Tel 800-364-1969 
 Fax 856-294-5267 
 Email chicago.lc.agency.activity.team jpmchase.com 
 
 With a copy to 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 10 South Dearborn, Floor L2 
 Suite IL1-0480 
 Chicago, IL, 60603-2300 
 Attention Loan & Agency Services Group 
 Phone No +1-302-634-5842 
 Email matthew.bruno chase.com 
 
 (iv) (i) if to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, an another L C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender , to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02 or to such other address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number as shall be designated by such party in a notice to the other parties and 
 (v) (ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire or to such other address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number as shall be designated by such party in a notice to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuers and the Swing Line Lender. 
 All such notices and other communications shall be deemed to be given or made upon the earlier to occur of (i) actual receipt by the relevant party hereto and (ii) (A) if delivered by hand or by courier, when signed for by or on behalf of the relevant party hereto (B) if delivered by mail, four (4) Business Days after deposit in the mails, postage prepaid (C) if delivered by facsimile, when sent and receipt has been confirmed by telephone and (D) subject to Section 10.02(b)(ii) below, if delivered by electronic mail (which form of delivery is subject to the provisions of Section 10.02(b)(ii)), when delivered provided that notices and other communications to the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuers and the Swing Line Lender pursuant to Article II shall not be effective until actually received by such Person. In no event shall a voice mail message be effective as a notice, communication or confirmation hereunder. 
 (b) Electronic Communication . 
 (i) Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent provided that the foregoing shall not apply to (x) notices to any Lender pursuant to Article II if such Lender, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication and (y) the issuance of Letters of Credit by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 (ii) Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (x) notices and other communications set to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement) provided , that if such notice or communication is not sent during normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (y) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (x) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. 
 141 

(c) Reliance by Agents and Lenders . The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic Committed Loan Notices and Swing Line Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Borrower shall indemnify each Agent-Related Person and each Lender from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct. All telephonic notices to the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 
 SECTION 10.03 No Waiver Cumulative Remedies . No failure by any Lender or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided, and provided under each other Loan Document, are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by Law. 
 SECTION 10.04 Attorney Costs, Expenses and Taxes . The Borrower agrees (a) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent, Syndication Agent and the Arrangers for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred (promptly following written demand therefor, together with backup documentation supporting such reimbursement request) in connection with the preparation, negotiation, syndication and execution of this Agreement, the 2021 Amendment Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and any amendment, waiver, consent or other modification of the provisions hereof and thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated thereby are consummated), and the consummation and administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including all Attorney Costs, which shall be limited to Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP and, if necessary, one firm of local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction, and (b) after the 2021 Effective Date, upon presentation of a summary statement, together with any supporting documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower, to promptly pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent, Syndication Agent, the Arrangers and each Lender for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement of any rights or remedies under this Agreement, the 2021 Amendment Agreement or the other Loan Documents (including all such costs and expenses incurred during any legal proceeding, including any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, and including all Attorney Costs, which shall be limited to Attorney Costs of one counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders taken as a whole (and, if necessary, one firm of local counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders taken as a whole in any relevant jurisdiction and, solely in the event of any actual or potential conflict of interest, one additional counsel in each relevant jurisdiction to each group of similarly situated affected persons taken as a whole)). The agreements in this Section 10.04 shall survive the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations. All amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be paid within thirty (30) days of receipt by the Borrower of an invoice relating thereto setting forth such expenses in reasonable detail provided that, with respect to the 2021 Effective Date, all amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be paid on the 2021 Effective Date to the extent invoiced to the Borrower within three (3) Business Days prior to the 2021 Effective Date. If any Loan Party fails to pay when due any costs, expenses or other amounts payable by it hereunder or under any Loan Document, such amount may be paid on behalf of such Loan Party by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. This Section 10.04 shall not apply to Indemnified Taxes or Excluded Taxes, which, in each case, shall be governed by Section 3.01. This Section 10.04 also shall not apply to taxes covered by Section 3.04. 
 SECTION 10.05 Indemnification by the Borrower . Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby (including by the 2021 Amendment Agreement) are consummated, the Borrower shall indemnify and hold harmless each Agent-Related Person, each Lender and their respective Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, counsel, agents, trustees, investment advisors and attorneys-in-fact (collectively the Indemnitees from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses and disbursements (including Attorney Costs, but limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of one counsel to all Indemnitees taken as a whole and, if reasonably necessary, one firm of local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction, and solely in the case of an actual or potential conflict of interest, one additional counsel in each relevant jurisdiction to each group of similarly situated affected Indemnitees) of any kind or nature whatsoever which may at any time be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against any such Indemnitee in any way relating to or arising out of or in connection with (a) the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance or administration of any Loan Document or any other agreement, letter or instrument delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated thereby or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, (b) any Commitment, Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by an L C Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), or (c) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from 
 142 

any property currently or formerly owned or operated by the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Loan Party, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Loan Party, or (d) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory (including any investigation of, preparation for, or defense of any pending or threatened claim, investigation, litigation or proceeding) and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto (all the foregoing, collectively, the Indemnified Liabilities ), in all cases, whether or not caused by or arising, in whole or in part, out of the negligence of the Indemnitee provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulted from (x) the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of, or material breach of Loan Document by, such Indemnitee or of any affiliate, director, officer, employee, counsel, agent or attorney-in-fact of such Indemnitee as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision or (y) any dispute solely among Indemnitees that does not involve an act or omission by the Borrower or any of its Affiliates (other than any claims against an Indemnitee in its capacity or in fulfilling its role as an administrative agent or arranger or any similar role under any Facility) (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction). No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by others of any information or other materials obtained through IntraLinks or other similar information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement (except for damages resulting from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision, of any such Indemnitee), nor shall any Indemnitee or any Loan Party have any liability for any special, punitive, indirect or consequential damages relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or arising out of its activities in connection herewith or therewith (whether before or after the 2021 Effective Date) (other than, in the case of any Loan Party, in respect of any such damages incurred or paid by an Indemnitee to a third party). In the case of an investigation, litigation or other proceeding to which the indemnity in this Section 10.05 applies, such indemnity shall be effective whether or not such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Loan Party, its directors, stockholders or creditors or an Indemnitee or any other Person, whether or not any Indemnitee is otherwise a party thereto and whether or not any of the transactions contemplated hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents is consummated. All amounts due under this Section 10.05 shall be paid within ten (10) Business Days after demand therefor provided , however , that such Indemnitee shall promptly refund such amount to the extent that there is a final judicial or arbitral determination that such Indemnitee was not entitled to indemnification or contribution rights with respect to such payment pursuant to the express terms of this Section 10.05. The agreements in this Section 10.05 shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. This Section 10.05 shall not apply to Taxes, other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 SECTION 10.06 Payments Set Aside . To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to any Agent or any Lender, or any Agent or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such Agent or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share of any amount so recovered from or repaid by any Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. 
 SECTION 10.07 Successors and Assigns . 
 (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (except as expressly permitted by Section 7.04(d)) and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.07(b) (such an assignee, an Eligible Assignee and, in the case of any Assignee that is Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, Section 10.07(m), (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.07(e), (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of Sections 10.07(g) and (i) or (iv) to an SPC in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.07(h) (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in Section 10.07(f) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Indemnitees) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 143 

(b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more assignees (other than to Disqualified Institutions and Defaulting Lenders) Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans (including for purposes of this Section 10.07(b), participations in L C Obligations and in Swing Line Loans) at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned) of 
 (A) the Borrower, provided that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for (i) an assignment of Loans under the Term B Loan Facility to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, (ii) an assignment of a Revolving Credit Commitment to a Revolving Credit Lender or an Affiliate of a Revolving Credit Lender or an Approved Fund of a Revolving Credit Lender, (iii) an assignment of Loans under the Term A Loan Facility to a Term A Lender or an Affiliate of a Term A Lender or an Approved Fund of a Term A Lender, or (iv) if an Event of Default under Sections 8.01(a) or (f) (solely with respect to any Loan Party) has occurred and is continuing, an assignment to any Assignee provided , further that, the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to an assignment of a Term Loan unless it shall have objected thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received notice thereof 
 (B) the Administrative Agent, provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment (i) of all or any portion of a Loan to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, (ii) of all or any portion of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 10.07(k) or 10.07(m) or (iii) to an Agent or an Affiliate of an Agent 
 (C) each Principal L C Issuer at the time of such assignment, provided that no consent of the Principal L C Issuers shall be required for any assignment of a Term Loan and 
 (D) the Swing Line Lender provided that no consent of the Swing Line Lender shall be required for any assignment of a Term Loan or any assignment to an Agent or an Affiliate of an Agent. 
 (ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions 
 (A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund of a Lender or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment or Loans of any Class, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption Agreement with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than 5,000,000 (in the case of the Revolving Credit Facility), or 1,000,000 (in the case of a Term Loan) unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consents, provided that (1) no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) or (f) (solely with respect to any Loan Party) has occurred and is continuing and (2) such amounts shall be aggregated in respect of each Lender and its Affiliates or Approved Funds, if any 
 (B) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption Agreement via an electronic settlement system acceptable to the Administrative Agent or, if previously agreed by the Administrative Agent, manually, in each case, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500, unless waived or reduced by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion and 
 (C) other than in the case of assignments pursuant to Section 10.07(m), the Assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 
 This paragraph (b) shall not prohibit any Lender from assigning all or a portion of its rights and obligations among separate Facilities on a non-pro rata basis. 
 (c) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 10.07(d), from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption Agreement, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption Agreement, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption Agreement, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption Agreement covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such 
 144 

Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04, 3.05, 10.04 and 10.05 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment). Upon request, and the surrender by the assigning Lender of its Note, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this clause (c) shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 10.07(e). 
 (d) The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at the Administrative Agent s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption Agreement delivered to it, each notice of cancellation of any Loans delivered by the Borrower pursuant to subsection (k) or (m) below, and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, principal amounts (and related interest amounts) and currencies of the Loans, L C Obligations (specifying the Unreimbursed Amounts), L C Borrowings and amounts due under Section 2.03, owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Agents and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, any Agent and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Loans, L C Obligations and L C Borrowings are intended to be treated as registered obligations for U.S. federal income tax purposes and this Section 10.07 shall be construed so that the they are at all times maintained in registered form within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2) and 881(c)(2) of the Code, Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulation and any other related regulations (or any successor provisions of the Code or such regulations). 
 (e) Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person or any Disqualified Institutions which has been identified as such to the Lenders) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and or the Loans (including such Lender s participations in L C Obligations and or Swing Line Loans) owing to it) provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Agents and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 10.01 that directly and adversely affects such Participant. Subject to Section 10.07(f), the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04 and 3.05 to the same extent as if it were a Lender (subject, for the avoidance of doubt, to the limitations and requirements of those Sections applying to each Participant as if it were a Lender) and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 10.07(c) but shall not be entitled to recover greater amounts under such Sections than the selling Lender would be entitled to recover. To the extent permitted by applicable Law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.09 as though it were a Lender provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.14 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) and currency amounts of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except (i) that the portion of the Participant Register relating to a Participant shall be made available to the Borrower and Administrative Agent to the extent the benefits of this Agreement are claimed with respect to such Participant (including under Sections 3.01, 3.04 and 3.05), or (ii) otherwise to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2) and 881(c)(2) of the Code and Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations and any other related regulations (or any successor provisions of the Code or such regulations). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (f) A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.01, 3.04 or 3.05 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower s prior written consent. 
 145 

A Participant shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 3.01 unless the Borrower is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with Section 3.01(g) as though it were a Lender. 
 (g) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or other central bank having jurisdiction over such Lender provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 (h) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a Granting Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, grant to a special purpose funding vehicle identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (an SPC the option to provide all or any part of any Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make pursuant to this Agreement provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to fund any Loan, and (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to make all or any part of such Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof. Each party hereto hereby agrees that (i) neither the grant to any SPC nor the exercise by any SPC of such option shall increase the costs or expenses or otherwise increase or change the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement (including its obligations under Section 3.01, 3.04 or 3.05), (ii) no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement for which a Lender would be liable, (iii) the Granting Lender shall for all purposes, including the approval of any amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of any Loan Document, remain the lender of record hereunder and (iv) any grant to an SPC shall be reflected in the Participant Register. The making of a Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Loan were made by such Granting Lender. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any SPC may (i) with notice to, but without prior consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and with the payment of a processing fee of 3,500, assign all or any portion of its right to receive payment with respect to any Loan to the Granting Lender and (ii) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its funding of Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety or Guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC. 
 (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (1) any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, in accordance with applicable Law create a security interest in all or any portion of the Loans owing to it and the Note, if any, held by it and (2) any Lender that is a Fund may, without the consent of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, create a security interest in all or any portion of the Loans owing to it and the Note, if any, held by it to the trustee for holders of obligations owed, or securities issued, by such Fund as security for such obligations or securities provided that unless and until such trustee actually becomes a Lender in compliance with the other provisions of this Section 10.07, (i) no such pledge shall release the pledging Lender from any of its obligations under the Loan Documents and (ii) such trustee shall not be entitled to exercise any of the rights of a Lender under the Loan Documents even though such trustee may have acquired ownership rights with respect to the pledged interest through foreclosure or otherwise. 
 (j) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any L C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender may, upon thirty (30) days notice to the Borrower and the Lenders, resign as an L C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, respectively provided that on or prior to the expiration of such 30-day period with respect to such resignation, the relevant L C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender shall have identified a successor L C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as applicable, reasonably acceptable to the Borrower willing to accept its appointment as successor L C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as applicable. In the event of any such resignation of an L C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, the Borrower shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders willing to accept such appointment a successor L C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder provided that no failure by the Borrower to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of the relevant L C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, except as expressly provided above. If an L C Issuer resigns as an L C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights and obligations of an L C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as an L C Issuer and all L C Obligations with respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make ABR Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c)). If the Swing Line Lender resigns as Swing Line Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make ABR Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swing Line Loans pursuant to Section 2.04(c). 
 (k) Reserved . 
 (l) Reserved . 
 146 

(m) Any Lender may, so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing, at any time, assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations with respect to Term Loans under this Agreement to Holdings or the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries through open market purchases or Dutch auctions or other offers to purchase open to all Lenders on a pro rata basis in accordance with procedures of the type described in Section 2.06(a)(iv) provided , that 
 (i) (x) if the assignee is Holdings or a Subsidiary of Borrower, upon such assignment, transfer or contribution, the applicable assignee shall automatically be deemed to have contributed or transferred the principal amount of such Term Loans, plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, to the Borrower or (y) if the assignee is the Borrower (including through contribution or transfers set forth in clause (x)), (a) the principal amount of such Term Loans, along with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, so contributed, assigned or transferred to the Borrower shall be deemed automatically cancelled and extinguished on the date of such contribution, assignment or transfer, (b) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Term Loans of the remaining Lenders shall reflect such cancellation and extinguishment of the Term Loans then held by the Borrower and (c) the Borrower shall promptly provide notice to the Administrative Agent of such contribution, assignment or transfer of such Term Loans, and the Administrative Agent, upon receipt of such notice, shall reflect the cancellation of the applicable Term Loans in the Register 
 (ii) each Person that purchases any Term Loans pursuant to this subsection (m) shall represent and warrant to the selling Lender that it does not possess material non-public information with respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or the securities of any of them that has not been disclosed to the Term Lenders generally (other than Term Lenders who elect not to receive such information) or shall make a statement that such representation cannot be made and 
 (iii) purchases of Term Loans pursuant to this subsection (m) may not be funded with the proceeds of Revolving Credit Loans or Swing Line Loans. 
 (n) The aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans of the applicable Class shall be deemed reduced by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans purchased by, or contributed to (in each case, and subsequently cancelled hereunder), by Holdings or its Subsidiaries pursuant to Section 10.07(m) and each principal repayment installment with respect to the Term Loans of such Class pursuant to Section 2.08(a)(i) or (b)(i), as applicable, shall be reduced pro rata by the par value of the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans so purchased or contributed (and subsequently cancelled). 
 (o) Reserved . 
 (p) The Borrower and the Lenders expressly acknowledge that the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as such or as an arranger, bookrunner or other Agent hereunder) shall not be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce, compliance with the provisions hereof relating to Disqualified Institutions or assignments to natural persons and none of the Borrower or the Lenders will bring any claim to such effect. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as such or as an arranger, bookrunner or other Agent hereunder) shall not (x) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender or Participant or prospective Lender or Participant is a Disqualified Institution or a natural person or (y) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participation of Loans, or disclosure of confidential information (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any disclosure by the Administrative Agent in violation of Section 10.08), to any Disqualified Institution or a natural person. 
 SECTION 10.08 Confidentiality . Each of the Agents and the Lenders is aware of the restrictions imposed by relevant securities laws, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, on individuals in possession of material non-public information and has policies and procedures in place to ensure compliance with all securities laws. Each of the Agents and the Lenders agrees not to use the Information provided by or on behalf of Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in violation of the securities laws and to maintain the confidentiality of the Information, except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees, trustees, investment advisors and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential) (b) to the extent requested by any Governmental Authority (c) to the extent required by applicable Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process (d) to any other party to this Agreement (e) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 10.08 (or as may otherwise be reasonably acceptable to the Borrower), to any pledgee referred to in Section 10.07(g), counterparty to a Swap Contract, Eligible Assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective Eligible Assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement (f) with the written consent of the Borrower (g) to the extent such Information becomes publicly 
 147 

available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.08 (h) to any Governmental Authority or examiner (including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any other similar organization) regulating any Lender or its Affiliates or (i) to any rating agency when required by it (it being understood that, prior to any such disclosure, such rating agency shall undertake to preserve the confidentiality of any Information relating to the Loan Parties received by it from such Lender). In addition, the Agents and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry, and service providers to the Agents and the Lenders in connection with the administration and management of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Commitments and the Credit Extensions. For the purposes of this Section 10.08, Information means all information received from Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries relating to Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, other than any such information that is publicly available to any Agent or any Lender prior to disclosure by Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.08 and other than information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry. 
 SECTION 10.09 Setoff . In addition to any rights and remedies of the Lenders provided by Law, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, each Agent, each Lender and their respective Affiliates is authorized at any time and from time to time, without prior notice to the Borrower or any other Loan Party, any such notice being waived by the Borrower (on its own behalf and on behalf of each Loan Party) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held by, and other Indebtedness at any time owing by, such Agent, such Lender and or such Affiliates to or for the credit or the account of the respective Loan Parties against any and all Obligations owing to such Agent, such Lender and or such Affiliates hereunder or under any other Loan Document, now or hereafter existing, irrespective of whether or not such Agent or such Lender or Affiliate shall have made demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such Obligations may be contingent or unmatured or denominated in a currency different from that of the applicable deposit or Indebtedness. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent after any such set off and application made by such Lender provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. The rights of each Agent and each Lender under this Section 10.09 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Agent and such Lender may have. 
 SECTION 10.10 Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the Maximum Rate ). If any Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by an Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 
 SECTION 10.11 Counterparts Electronic Execution . This Agreement and each other Loan Document may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document and or (z) any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to 10.02), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or the transactions contemplated hereby and or thereby (each an Ancillary Document that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower or any other Loan Party without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed 
 148 

counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower and each Loan Party hereby (A) agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Loan Parties, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, (B) the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), (C) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages thereto and (D) waives any claim against any Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and or any Lender s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any Liabilities arising as a result of the failure of any Loan Party to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
 SECTION 10.12 Integration . This Agreement, together with the 2021 Amendment Agreement and the other Loan Documents, comprises the complete and integrated agreement of the parties on the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, on such subject matter. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and those of any other Loan Document, the provisions of this Agreement shall control provided that the inclusion of supplemental rights or remedies in favor of the Agents or the Lenders in any other Loan Document shall not be deemed a conflict with this Agreement. Each Loan Document was drafted with the joint participation of the respective parties thereto and shall be construed neither against nor in favor of any party, but rather in accordance with the fair meaning thereof. 
 SECTION 10.13 Survival of Representations and Warranties . All representations and warranties made hereunder, in the 2021 Amendment Agreement and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by each Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by any Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that any Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied (other than Obligations under Secured Hedge Agreements, Cash Management Obligations or contingent indemnification obligations, in any such case, not then due and payable) or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding (unless the Outstanding Amount of the L C Obligations related thereto has been Cash Collateralized, back-stopped by a letter of credit reasonably satisfactory to the applicable L C Issuer or deemed reissued under another agreement reasonably acceptable to the applicable L C Issuer). 
 SECTION 10.14 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement, the 2021 Amendment Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, the 2021 Amendment Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 SECTION 10.15 Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents . The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption Agreement or in any amendment or other modification hereof (including waivers and consents) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
 SECTION 10.16 GOVERNING LAW . 
 (a) THIS AGREEMENT, THE 2021 AMENDMENT AGREEMENT AND EACH OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 149 

(b) THE BORROWER, HOLDINGS, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND EACH LENDER EACH IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK CITY IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE 2021 AMENDMENT AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. EACH PARTY HERETO AGREES THAT THE AGENTS AND LENDERS RETAIN THE RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO BRING PROCEEDINGS AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN CONNECTION WITH THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS UNDER ANY COLLATERAL DOCUMENT OR THE ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT. 
 (c) THE BORROWER, HOLDINGS, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND EACH LENDER IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE 2021 AMENDMENT AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (b) OF THIS SECTION. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 
 (d) EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 10.02. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR THE 2021 AMENDMENT AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 
 SECTION 10.17 WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY . EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING UNDER ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES HERETO OR ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENT, OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER FOUNDED IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE AND EACH PARTY HEREBY AGREES AND CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY, AND THAT ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION 10.17 WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF THE SIGNATORIES HERETO TO THE WAIVER OF THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. 
 SECTION 10.18 Binding Effect . This Agreement shall become effective as provided in the 2021 Amendment Agreement and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower, each Agent, each Lender, each L C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender and their respective successors and permitted assigns, except that the Borrower shall not have the right to assign its rights hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of the Lenders, except as permitted by Section 7.04(d). 
 SECTION 10.19 Lender Action . Each Lender agrees that it shall not take or institute any actions or proceedings, judicial or otherwise, for any right or remedy against any Loan Party or any other obligor under any of the Loan Documents, the Secured Hedge Agreements or the agreements governing Cash Management Services (including the exercise of any right of setoff, rights on account of any banker s lien or similar claim or other rights of self-help), or institute any actions or proceedings, or otherwise commence any remedial procedures, with respect to any Collateral or any other property of any such Loan Party, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. The provisions of this Section 10.19 are for the sole benefit of the Lenders and shall not afford any right to, or constitute a defense available to, any Loan Party. 
 SECTION 10.20 USA PATRIOT Act . Each Lender hereby notifies the Loan Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the 
 150 

Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Loan Parties, which information includes the name and address of the Loan Parties and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Loan Parties in accordance with the Act. 
 SECTION 10.21 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility . In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with the 2021 Amendment Agreement and any other amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), each of the Borrower and Holdings acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding, that (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement and the 2021 Amendment Agreement provided by the Agents and the Joint Lead Arrangers are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Borrower, Holdings and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent and the Joint Lead Arrangers, on the other hand, (B) each of the Borrower and Holdings has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) each of the Borrower and Holdings is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents (ii) (A) the Agents, the Joint Lead Arrangers and each Lender is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower, Holdings or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) none of the Agents, the Joint Lead Arrangers nor any Lender has any obligation to the Borrower, Holdings or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and (iii) the Agents, the Joint Lead Arrangers, the Lender and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower, Holdings and their respective Affiliates, and none of the Agents, the Joint Lead Arrangers nor any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower, Holdings or any of their respective Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each of the Borrower and Holdings hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Agents, the Joint Lead Arrangers or any Lender with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 
 SECTION 10.22 Intercreditor Agreement . 
 (a) PURSUANT TO THE EXPRESS TERMS OF EACH INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY CONFLICT OR INCONSISTENCY BETWEEN THE TERMS OF THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT AND ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE PROVISIONS OF THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT SHALL GOVERN AND CONTROL. 
 (b) EACH LENDER AUTHORIZES AND INSTRUCTS THE COLLATERAL AGENT AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT TO ENTER INTO THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF SUCH LENDER, AND TO TAKE ALL ACTIONS (AND EXECUTE ALL DOCUMENTS) REQUIRED (OR DEEMED ADVISABLE) BY IT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF SUCH INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT(S). EACH LENDER AGREES TO BE BOUND BY AND WILL TAKE NO ACTIONS CONTRARY TO THE PROVISIONS OF THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT. 
 (c) THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 10.22 ARE NOT INTENDED TO SUMMARIZE ALL RELEVANT PROVISIONS OF THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT. REFERENCE MUST BE MADE TO THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT ITSELF TO UNDERSTAND ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS THEREOF. EACH LENDER IS RESPONSIBLE FOR MAKING ITS OWN ANALYSIS AND REVIEW OF THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT AND THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS THEREOF, AND NO AGENT (AND NONE OF ITS AFFILIATES) MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION TO ANY LENDER AS TO THE SUFFICIENCY OR ADVISABILITY OF THE PROVISIONS CONTAINED IN THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT. 
 (d) THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 10.22 SHALL APPLY WITH EQUAL FORCE, MUTATIS MUTANDIS, TO THE FIRST LIEN INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT, THE SECOND LIEN INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT AND ANY OTHER INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT OR ARRANGEMENT PERMITTED BY THIS AGREEMENT. 
 SECTION 10.23 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among the parties hereto, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 151 

(A) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 (B) the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (A) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (B) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 (C) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 SECTION 10.24 Currency Indemnity . (a) If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court in any jurisdiction with respect to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, it becomes necessary to convert into a particular currency (the Judgment Currency any amount due under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document in any currency other than the Judgment Currency (the Currency Due ), then conversion shall be made at the rate of exchange prevailing on the Business Day before the day on which judgment is given. For this purpose rate of exchange means the rate at which the Administrative Agent is able, on the relevant date, to purchase the Currency Due with the Judgment Currency in accordance with its normal practice at its head office in New York, New York. In the event that there is a change in the rate of exchange prevailing between the Business Day before the day on which the judgment is given and the date of receipt by the Administrative Agent of the amount due, the Borrower will, on the date of receipt by the Administrative Agent, pay such additional amounts, if any, or be entitled to receive reimbursement of such amount, if any, as may be necessary to ensure that the amount received by the Administrative Agent on such date is the amount in the Judgment Currency which when converted at the rate of exchange prevailing on the date of receipt by the Administrative Agent is the amount then due under this Agreement or such other Loan Document in the Currency Due. If the amount of the Currency Due which the Administrative Agent is so able to purchase is less than the amount of the Currency Due originally due to it, the Borrower shall indemnify and save the Administrative Agent and the Lenders harmless from and against all loss or damage arising as a result of such deficiency. If the amount of the Currency Due which the Administrative Agent is so able to purchase exceeds the amount of the Currency Due originally due to it, the Administrative Agent shall remit such excess to the Borrower or such Loan Party, as applicable. 
 (a) The indemnity provided for in Section 10.24(a) shall constitute an obligation separate and independent from the other obligations contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any waiver or other indulgence granted by the Administrative Agent from time to time and shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any judgment or order for a liquidated sum in respect of an amount due under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or under any judgment or order. 
 SECTION 10.25 Certain ERISA Matters . 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement 
 (ii) the prohibited transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable 
 152 

with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement or 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 (b) In addition, unless either (I) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (II) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or any of their respective Affiliates is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 SECTION 10.26 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support , and each such QFC, a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and or of the United States or any other state of the United States) 
 (a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 (b) As used in this Section 10.26, the following terms have the following meanings 
 (i) BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 (ii) Covered Entity means any of the following (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 153 

(iii) Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 (iv) QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK. 
 
 154 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.24>
 3
 ex1024202210k.htm
 EX-10.24

Document 
 Exhibit 10.24 
 Execution Version 

 DATED 
 Effective July 1, 2022 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED SERVICE AGREEMENT 

between 
 
 BRIGHT HORIZONS FAMILY SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
 
 and 
 
 Rosamund Marshall 

WHEREAS, the parties hereby wish to amend and restate the Service Agreement between the Company and the Employee dated August 12, 2019 Service Agreement with this Amended and Restated Service Agreement executed February 20, 2023 and effective July 1, 2022. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration for the mutual promises contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree to restate the Service Agreement as follows 
 PARTIES 
 (1) Bright Horizons Family Solutions Limited incorporated and registered in England and Wales with company number 02328679 whose registered office is at 2 Crown Court, Rushden, Northamptonshire, NN10 6BS Company ). 
 (2) Rosamund Marshall Employee ). 
 AGREED TERMS 
 1. INTERPRETATION 
 1.1 The definitions and rules of interpretation in this clause 1 apply in this agreement. 
 Act the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended . 
 Appointment the employment of the Employee by the Company on the terms of this agreement. 
 Associated Employer has the meaning given to it in the Employment Rights Act 1996. 
 Board the board of directors of the Company (including any committee of the board duly appointed by it). 
 Bonus Plan the Parent bonus scheme for senior level employees as amended from time to time. 
 Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. 2012 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan the long-term equity plan and equity agreements between the Employee and the Company relating to the issuing of Stock Options or other equity awards to the Employee, together with any subsequent variations. 
 Capacity as agent, consultant, director, employee, owner, partner, shareholder or in any other capacity. 
 Cause as defined in clause 22.1. 
 Change of Control shall be deemed to take place if hereafter (i) any Person (other than any Person which is a holder of Parent common stock on the date hereof or any direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Act) of securities of (x) the Company representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then-outstanding securities, or (y) Parent representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of Parent s then-outstanding securities (ii) the Company or Parent (or any wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent that is a direct or indirect parent company of the Company) is a party to a merger, consolidation sale of assets or other reorganization, or a proxy contest, as a consequence of which 
 Page 2 of 32 

members of the Board of Directors of Parent Parent Board in office immediately prior to such transaction or event constitute less than a majority of the Parent Board thereafter, or (iii) individuals who, at the date hereof, constitute the Parent Board Continuing Parent Directors cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof provided, however, that any director who is not in office at the date hereof but whose election by the Parent Board or whose nomination for election by the Parent s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the date hereof or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved shall be deemed to be a Continuing Parent Director for purposes of this agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, a Change of Control will not be deemed to have occurred solely because of the acquisition of the securities of the Company or Parent (or any reporting requirement under the Act relating thereto) by an employee benefit plan maintained by the Company or Parent or its subsidiaries for its employees. 
 Commencement Date 1 st January 2020. 
 Company Bright Horizons Family Solutions Limited and any Group Company. 
 Compensation Committee The compensation committee of the Parent Board, as exists from time to time. 
 Confidential Information information (whether or not recorded in documentary form, or stored on any magnetic or optical disk or memory) and whether or not such information (if in anything other than oral form) is marked confidential relating to (a) the business including, without limitation, individuals and their families receiving services, customers, suppliers business partners, products, affairs, employees and finances of the Company and any Group Company (b) confidential to the Company or any Group Company and (c) and trade secrets intellectual property proprietary information including, without limitation, technical data and know-how relating to the business of the Company or of any Group Company or any of their suppliers, clients, customers, agents, distributors, shareholders or management, that the Employee creates, develops, receives or obtains in connection with the Appointment. 
 Copies copies or records of any Confidential Information in whatever form (including, without limitation, in written, oral, visual or electronic form or on any magnetic or optical disk or memory and wherever located) including, without limitation, extracts, analysis, studies, plans, compilations or any other way of representing or recording and recalling information which contains, reflects or is derived or generated from Confidential Information. 
 
 Page 3 of 32 

Delegated Authority Matrix confidential Company document detailing which Company officers employees have the power and authority to bind the Company, and or level of authorisation on expenditure amounts, as amended from time to time. 
 Disability the inability to perform normal employment duties for a consecutive six (6) month period during the term of this agreement because of either physical or mental incapacity. 
 Employee's Family spouse, civil partner or fianc of the Employee and children under the age of eighteen. 
 Employment IPRs Intellectual Property Rights created by the Employee in the course of her employment with the Company (whether or not during working hours or using the premises or resources of the Company). 
 Employment Inventions any Invention which is made wholly or partially by the Employee at any time during the course of her employment with the Company (whether or not during working hours or using premises or resources or the Company, and whether or not recorded in material form). 
 Garden Leave any period during which the Company has exercised its rights under clause 23. 
 Good Reason means any material diminution in base salary, bonus opportunity, position or nature or scope of responsibilities (other than by inadvertence) or any material reduction in benefits that uniquely and disproportionately affects Employee, in each case occurring without Employee s consent and as to which (x) Employee has provided written notice to the Parent Board within thirty (30) days of the date on which Employee knew or reasonably should have known of such diminution or reduction, which notice shall set forth in reasonable detail the nature of such Good Reason, (y) the Company shall not have remedied such diminution or reduction within thirty (30) days of receiving such written notice, and (z) Employee shall have terminated employment within ten (10) days after the Company s failure to remedy such diminution or reduction. 
 Group Company the Company, its Subsidiaries or Holding Companies from time to time any Subsidiary of any Holding Company from time to time and the Parent. 
 Incapacity any sickness, injury or other medical disorder or condition which prevents the Employee from carrying out her duties. 
 Intellectual Property Rights patents, rights to Inventions, copyright and related rights, trademarks, trade names and domain names, rights in get-up, rights in goodwill or to sue for passing off, unfair competition rights, rights in designs, rights in computer software, database rights, topography rights, rights in confidential information (including know-how and trade secrets) and any other intellectual property rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered and including all applications (or rights to apply) for, and renewals or extensions of, such rights and all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection which subsist or will subsist now or in the future in any part of the world. 
 
 Page 4 of 32 

Invention any invention, idea, discovery, development, improvement or innovation, whether or not patentable or capable of registration, and whether or not recorded in any medium. 
 Parent Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. 
 Person an individual, a corporation, an association, a partnership, an estate, a trust or other entity or organization (including a group as defined in section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Act), other than the Parent or any of its subsidiaries. 
 Pre-Contractual Statement any undertaking, promise, assurance, statement, representation, warranty or understanding (whether in writing or not) of any person (whether party to this agreement or not) relating to the employment of the Employee under this agreement other than as expressly set out in this agreement or any documents referred to in it. 
 Qualifying Scheme a pension scheme which is a qualifying scheme for the purposes of section 16 of the Pensions Act 2008. 
 Restricted Business those parts of the business of the Company and any Group Company with which the Employee was involved to a material extent in the twelve months before Termination. 
 Restricted Customer any firm, company or person who, during the twelve months before Termination, was a customer or prospective customer of or was in the habit of dealing with the Company or any Group Company with whom the Employee had contact or about whom she became aware or informed in the course of her employment. 
 Restricted Person anyone employed or engaged by the Company or any Group Company with whom the Employee dealt with to a material extent the twelve months before Termination in the course of her employment. 
 Settlement Agreement Any separate agreement between the Employee and the Company to compromise the Employee's contractual and statutory claims on termination of employment which meets the requirements under section 147(3) of the Equality Act 2010, section 288(2B) of the Trade Union and Labour Relations (Consolidation) Act 1992, section 203(3) of the Employment Rights Act 1996, regulation 35(3) of the Working Time Regulations 1998 SI 1998 1833 ), section 49(4) of the National Minimum Wage Act 1998, regulation 41(4) of the Transnational Information and Consultation etc. Regulations 1999 SI 1999 3323 ), regulation 9 of the Part-Time Workers (Prevention of Less Favourable Treatment) Regulations 2000 SI 2000 1551 ), regulation 10 of the Fixed-Term Employees (Prevention of Less Favourable Treatment) Regulations 2002 SI 2002 2034 ), regulation 40(4) of the Information and Consultation of Employees Regulations 2004 SI 2004 3426 ), paragraph 13 of the Schedule to the Occupational and Personal Pension Schemes (Consultation by Employers and Miscellaneous Amendment) Regulations 2006 SI 2006 349 ), regulation 62 of the Companies (Cross Border Mergers) Regulations 2007 SI 2007 2974 and section 58 of the Pensions Act 2008. 
 
 Page 5 of 32 

Staff Handbook the staff handbook of the Company as amended from time to time, together with any policies and procedures, as amended from time to time, which are placed on Brightweb or made available by other means by the Company. 
 Stock Options non-statutory stock options of Parent. 
 Subsidiary and Holding Company in relation to a company mean a subsidiary and holding company as defined in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006 and a company shall be treated, for the purposes only of the membership requirement contained in subsections 1159(1)(b) and (c) as a member of another company even if its shares in that other company are registered in the name of (a) another person (or its nominee), whether by way of security or in connection with the taking of security, or (b) a nominee. 
 Termination the termination of the employment of the Employee with the Company however caused. 
 1.2 The headings in this agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect its construction. 
 1.3 A reference to a particular law is a reference to it as it is in force for the time being taking account of any amendment, extension, or re-enactment and includes any subordinate legislation for the time being in force made under it. 
 1.4 Unless the context otherwise requires, a reference to one gender shall include a reference to the other genders. 
 1.5 Unless the context otherwise requires, words in the singular include the plural and in the plural include the singular. 
 1.6 The schedules to this agreement form part of (and are incorporated into) this agreement. 
 2. TERM OF APPOINTMENT 
 2.1 Unless approved by the CEO the Employee s Appointment shall not commence prior to receipt of her references, criminal records check or any other screening deemed appropriate by the Company. 
 2.2 Subject to clause 2.1, above, the Appointment shall be deemed to have commenced on the Commencement Date and shall continue, subject to the remaining terms of this agreement, until terminated by either party giving the other not less than three calendar month's prior notice in writing. 
 
 Page 6 of 32 

2.3 The first six months of the Appointment shall be a probationary period and the Appointment may be terminated during this period at any time on one month notice or payment in lieu of notice. The Company may, at its discretion, extend the probationary period. During the probationary period the performance of the Employee and her suitability for continued employment will be monitored. At the end of the probationary period the Employee will be informed if she has successfully completed her probationary period. 
 2.4 No employment with a previous employer will count towards the period of continuous employment that the Employee has with the Company. 
 2.5 The Employee consents to the transfer of her employment under this agreement to an Associated Employer at any time during the Appointment. 
 3. EMPLOYEE WARRANTIES 
 3.1 The Employee represents and warrants to the Company that, by entering into this agreement or performing any of her obligations under it, she will not be in breach of any court order or any express or implied terms of any contract or other obligation binding on her. 
 3.2 The Employee warrants that she is entitled to work in the United Kingdom without any additional approvals and will notify the Company immediately if she ceases to be so entitled during the Appointment. 
 3.3 The Employee warrants that she is not subject to any restrictions which prevent her from accepting and undertaking this Appointment. 
 3.4 The Employee warrants that she will enrol for DBS checks and pay the annual cost of the DBS update service, which currently cost 13.00 and are subject to change. The Company will process and meet the cost of her initial DBS check. 
 4. DUTIES 
 4.1 The Employee shall serve the Company as Managing Director, International, or such other role as the Company may reasonably require. The Employee will report to the company CEO. 
 4.2 During the Appointment the Employee shall 
 (a) carry out duties on behalf of any other Group Company including, if so required by the Board, acting as an officer or consultant of any such Group Company 
 
 Page 7 of 32 

(b) comply with the articles of association (as amended from time to time) of any Group Company 
 (c) when required to do so by the Board, act as an authorised Company signatory, subject always to prior Board resolution in favour and the Delegated Authority Matrix, as amended from time to time 
 (d) not do anything that would cause her to be disqualified from acting as a director 
 (e) agree to be subject to a DBS PVG check and all other background screening checks deemed appropriate by the Company, as and when requested 
 (f) comply with the Code of Conduct of the Company and any Group Company and the anti-corruption and bribery policy and related procedures of the Company and any Group Company 
 (g) subject to clause 17, unless prevented by Incapacity, devote the whole of her time, attention and abilities to the business of the Company and any Group Company 
 (h) faithfully and diligently exercise such powers and perform such duties as may from time to time be assigned to her by the Company together with such person or persons as the Company may appoint to act jointly with her 
 (i) comply with all reasonable and lawful directions given to her by the Company 
 (j) promptly make such reports to the CEO in connection with the affairs of the Company on such matters and at such times as are reasonably required 
 (k) report her own wrongdoing and any wrongdoing or proposed wrongdoing of any other employee or director of any Group Company that is not merely a technical violation or minimal in nature to the Director of Legal Services and or CEO immediately on becoming aware of it 
 (l) use her best endeavours to promote, protect, develop and extend the business of the Company 
 (m) acknowledge that the Company s core business is the provision of childcare services and always behave and generally conduct herself in a manner consistent with her position and in accordance with the Company s values whilst performing any of her duties under this agreement or representing the Company in any way 
 (n) disclose to the Company immediately and on an ongoing basis full details of any criminal convictions, pending charges, bind-overs, reprimands, final warnings or cautions she has have received, any police investigations she has been the subject of, (even if no formal action was taken), or if she or any person that resides in her household has been disqualified from working with children 
 
 Page 8 of 32 

(o) consent to the Company monitoring and recording any use that she makes of any electronic communications systems the Company has for the purpose of ensuring that any rules the Company has are being complied with and for legitimate business purposes and 
 (p) comply with any electronic communication systems policy that the Company may issue from time to time. 
 4.3 Whilst the Company s rules, policies and procedures do not form a part of this agreement, the Employee agrees to comply with any employment related rules, policies and procedures set out by the Company which are available from the Human Resources Department and or BrightWeb (including the Staff Handbook) and accepts that the Company may amend them at any time. To the extent that there is any conflict between the terms of this agreement and the Staff Handbook or any policies or procedures, this agreement shall prevail. 
 4.4 All documents, manuals, hardware and software provided for the use of the Employee by the Company, and any data or documents (including copies) produced, maintained or stored on the computer systems of the Company or other electronic equipment (including mobile phones), remain the property of the Company. 
 5. KEEPING EVERYONE SAFE 
 5.1 The Employee acknowledges that the Company s Keeping Everyone Safe, statement and policies procedures as amended from time to time, are an intrinsic part of the Company s ethos and are a key part of the Company s strategic goals. 
 5.2 Throughout the term of this Appointment the Employee will ensure that she is personally committed to achieving high standards of health, safety and environmental practice, and that her acts in accordance with Keeping Everyone Safe at all times. 
 5.3 The Employee will also use her best endeavours to ensure that all individuals who work in her areas of responsibility understand and promote Keeping Everyone Safe at all times. 
 6. PLACE OF WORK 
 6.1 The normal place of work of the Employee will be their home or in the Company s offices, at the Employee and Company s mutual agreement. The Employee agrees to travel on any business of any Group Company (within the United Kingdom or abroad including but not limited to any Group Company s offices and the Company s London, Northampton and Manchester offices) as may be required for the proper performance of her duties under the Appointment. 
 6.2 During the Appointment the Employee shall not be required to work outside the United Kingdom for any continuous period of more than one month. 
 Page 9 of 32 

7. HOURS OF WORK 
 7.1 The Employee agrees to work during the Company s normal working hours, Monday through Friday. In addition, there may be occasions that require the Employee to work additional hours during the week, weekends or during public or bank holidays, as reasonably required for the proper performance of her duties. The Company has already taken into account all additional hours that the Employee may work in determining the Employee s salary and benefits and accordingly the Employee will not be entitled to extra pay if she works such additional hours. 
 7.2 The Employee agrees that she may work for more than an average of 48 hours a week unless she notifies the Company in writing at the time of signing this agreement that she does not wish to do so. If the Employee no longer wishes to work for more than an average of 48 hours a week, she must give the Company three months notice in writing. 
 8. SALARY 
 8.1 The Employee shall be paid a salary of 300,000 per annum subject to increases following review as outlined in clause 8.3. 
 8.2 The salary paid to the Employee shall accrue from day to day and be payable monthly in arrears directly into her bank or building society. 
 8.3 The salary paid to the Employee shall be reviewed by the CEO. The Company is under no obligation to award an increase following a salary review. There will be no review of the salary after notice has been given by either party to terminate the Appointment. 
 8.4 The Company may deduct from the salary, or any other sums owed to the Employee, any money owed to any Group Company by the Employee. 
 
 Page 10 of 32 

9. EXPENSES 
 9.1 The Company shall reimburse (or procure the reimbursement of) all reasonable expenses wholly, properly and necessarily incurred by the Employee in the course of the Appointment, subject to production of VAT receipts or other appropriate evidence of payment. 
 9.2 The Employee shall abide by the policies of the Company on expenses as communicated to her from time to time. 
 10. BONUS 
 10.1 Subject to clauses 10.2 and 10.4, the Employee shall be entitled to participate in the Company s annual bonus scheme and receive a bonus payment not to exceed 75 of her salary payable under clause 8 of this agreement. The actual amount paid to the Employee by the Company under the annual bonus scheme shall be determined by the criteria set out in the Bonus Plan. 
 10.2 Subject to clause 10.4, if the Employee commences employment part way through the calendar year, the amount of any bonus payable under the Bonus Plan shall be pro-rated, as appropriate. 
 10.3 If the Employee s Appointment under this agreement has ended or either party has given the other notice to terminate the Appointment or the Employee is under a performance improvement plan and or formal written warning, the Employee shall not be entitled to participate in the Company s bonus scheme or receive a bonus payment for that calendar year. 
 10.4 If the Company makes a bonus payment to the Employee, it shall not be obliged to make subsequent bonus payments, unless such payments are due and owing under the Bonus Plan. 
 10.5 Any bonus payment shall not be pensionable. 
 11. EQUITY AWARDS 
 11.1 Subject to clause 11.2, the Employee shall be eligible to participate in the Company s long-term incentive plan and subject to the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Parent, shall be granted awards of equity, which may include Stock Options, restricted stock, restricted stock units or other equity awards as the Compensation Committee determines in its sole discretion, commensurate with her role as the Compensation Committee directs. 
 
 Page 11 of 32 

11.2 If the Employee s Appointment under this agreement has ended or either party has given the other notice to terminate the Appointment or the Employee is under a performance improvement plan and or formal written warning, the Employee shall not be eligible to participate in the Company s long-term incentive plan for that calendar year. 
 11.3 The Company and the Employee agree that the Employee s entitlement to and rights relating to Stock Options or other equity awards shall be governed entirely by this clause 11 and the Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. 2012 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan as may be amended or replaced from time to time. 
 11.4 Nothing in this clause 11 shall entitle the Employee to be granted Stock Options or other equity awards. 
 12. LIFE ASSURANCE 
 12.1 The Employee shall be entitled to participate in the life assurance scheme of the Company, which shall pay to the dependants of the Employee a sum equal to four (4) times the salary paid to the Employee if the Employee dies during the Appointment. Participation is subject to 
 (a) the terms of that scheme, as amended from time to time 
 (b) the rules or the insurance policy of the relevant insurance provider, as amended from time to time and 
 (c) the Employee satisfying the normal underwriting requirements of the relevant insurance provider of the scheme and the premium being at a rate which is reasonable. 
 Full details of the scheme are available from HR Manager. 
 12.2 If the insurance provider refuses for any reason to provide life assurance benefit to the Employee, the Company shall not be liable to provide to the Employee any replacement benefit of the same or similar kind or to pay any compensation in lieu of such benefit. 
 12.3 The Company in its sole and absolute discretion reserves the right to vary or amend the scheme at any time on reasonable notice to the Employee and replace the scheme with one no less favourable to the Employee than that provided under clause 12.1. 
 
 Page 12 of 32 

13. PRIVATE MEDICAL INSURANCE 
 13.1 For private medical insurance, the Employee and Employee s Family shall be entitled to participate in the private medical insurance scheme of the Company subject to 
 (a) the terms of that scheme, as amended from time to time 
 (b) the rules or the insurance policy of the relevant insurance provider, as amended from time to time and 
 (c) the Employee (and Employee s Family as applicable) satisfying the normal underwriting requirements of the relevant insurance provider and the premium being at a rate which is reasonable, (hereinafter referred to as Satisfaction of the Underwriting Requirements). 
 Full details of the scheme are available from HR Manager. 
 13.2 If the insurance provider refuses for any reason to provide private medical to the Employee (or Employee s Family as applicable), the Company shall not be liable to provide to the Employee (or Employee s Family as applicable) any replacement benefit of the same or similar kind or to pay any compensation in lieu of such benefit. 
 13.3 The Company in its sole and absolute discretion reserves the right to vary or amend the insurance scheme and or replace the scheme at any time on reasonable notice to the Employee. 
 14. PERMANENT HEALTH INSURANCE 
 14.1 The Employee shall be entitled to participate in the permanent health insurance scheme subject to 
 (a) the terms of that scheme, as amended from time to time 
 (b) the rules or the insurance policy of the relevant insurance provider, as amended from time to time and 
 (c) the Employee satisfying the normal underwriting requirements of the relevant insurance provider and the premium being at a rate which is reasonable, (hereinafter referred to as Satisfaction of the Underwriting Requirements). 
 Full details of the scheme are available from HR Manager. 
 14.2 If the insurance provider refuses for any reason to provide permanent health insurance benefit to the Employee, the Company shall not be liable to provide to the Employee any replacement benefit of the same or similar kind or to pay any compensation in lieu of such benefit. 
 Page 13 of 32 

14.3 The Company in its sole and absolute discretion reserves the right at any time on reasonable notice to the Employee (a) to vary or amend the insurance scheme (including the level of the Employee s cover) or (b) to discontinue the scheme. 
 14.4 The Company shall only be obliged to make payments to the Employee under the permanent health scheme if it has received payment from the insurance provider for that purpose or the Employee is not receiving benefits from the insurance provider directly. 
 14.5 If the Employee is receiving benefits under the Company s permanent health insurance scheme, the Company shall be entitled to appoint a successor to the Employee to perform all or any of the duties required of the Employee under the terms of the Appointment and the Employee s duties shall be amended accordingly. 
 15. CAR ALLOWANCE 
 15.1 Provided that the Employee holds a current full driving licence, the Employee shall receive a car allowance for use of her own car of 10,000 per annum which shall be payable together with and in the same manner as the salary in accordance with clause 8.1. This allowance shall be treated as part of the basic salary for any purpose and shall not be pensionable. 
 15.2 The Employee shall immediately inform the Company if she is disqualified from driving and shall cease to be entitled to receive the allowance under clause 15.1. 
 16. HOLIDAYS 
 16.1 The Employee shall be entitled to 25 days' paid holiday in each holiday year, together with the usual public holidays in England and Wales or days in lieu where the Company requires the Employee to work on a public holiday. The holiday year of the Company runs between January and December. If the Appointment commences or terminates part way through a holiday year, the entitlement of the Employee during that holiday year shall be calculated on a pro-rata basis rounded up to the nearest half day. 
 16.2 Holiday shall be taken at such time or times as shall be approved in advance by the CEO. The Employee shall not without the consent of the CEO carry forward more than five days accrued but untaken holiday entitlement to a subsequent holiday year unless the Employee has been unavoidably prevented from taking such holiday during the relevant leave year because of sickness absence or statutory maternity, paternity or adoption leave. 
 
 Page 14 of 32 

16.3 The Employee shall have no entitlement to any payment in lieu of accrued but untaken holiday except on termination of the Appointment. 
 16.4 If the Company has terminated or would be entitled to terminate the Appointment under clause 22 or if the Employee has terminated the Appointment in breach of this agreement any payment due under clause 16.3 shall be limited to the statutory entitlement of the Employee under the Working Time Regulations 1998 and any paid holidays (including paid public holidays) taken shall be deemed first to have been taken in satisfaction of that statutory entitlement. 
 16.5 If on termination of the Appointment the Employee has taken in excess of her accrued holiday entitlement, the Company shall be entitled to recover from the Employee by way of deduction from any payments due to the Employee. 
 16.6 If either party has served notice to terminate the Appointment, the Company may require the Employee to take any accrued but unused holiday entitlement during the notice period. Any accrued but unused holiday entitlement shall be deemed to be taken during any period of Garden Leave under clause 23. 
 17. INCAPACITY 
 17.1 Subject to the Employee complying with this agreement and the sickness absence procedures of the Company (as amended from time to time) and subject to clause 17.2, the Employee shall continue to receive her full salary and contractual benefits during any period of absence due to Incapacity for up to an aggregate of 13 weeks in any 52 week period. Such payment shall be inclusive of any statutory sick pay due in accordance with applicable legislation and permanent or other incapacity insurance payments the employee receives. 
 17.2 Pension contributions will continue as normal while the Employee is paid at the full rate in accordance with clause 17.1. If the pay of the Employee during any period of incapacity is reduced or the Employee is paid SSP only, the level of contributions in respect of their membership of the Company Pension Scheme Pension Scheme may continue, subject to the relevant pension scheme rules in force at the time of their absence. 
 
 Page 15 of 32 

17.3 If the Incapacity is or appears to be occasioned by actionable negligence, nuisance or breach of any statutory duty on the part of a third party in respect of which damages are or may be recoverable, the Employee shall immediately notify her supervisor of that fact and of any claim, compromise, settlement or judgment made or awarded in connection with it and all relevant particulars that the Company may reasonably require. The Employee shall if required by the Company, refund to the Company that part of any damages or compensation recovered by her relating to the loss of earnings for the period of the Incapacity as the Company may reasonably determine less any costs borne by her in connection with the recovery of such damages or compensation, provided that the amount to be refunded shall not exceed the total amount paid to the Employee by the Company in respect of the period of Incapacity. 
 17.4 The rights of the Company to terminate the Appointment under the terms of this agreement apply even when such termination would or might cause the Employee to forfeit any entitlement to sick pay, permanent health insurance or other benefits. 
 18. OUTSIDE INTERESTS 
 18.1 Subject to clauses 18.3 and 18.2, during the Appointment the Employee shall not, except as a representative of the Company or with the prior written approval of the Company (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), whether paid or unpaid, be directly or indirectly engaged, concerned or have any financial interest in any Capacity in any other business, trade or profession, including without limitation non-executive director roles (or the setting up of any business, trade, or profession), (hereinafter referred to as Outside Interests ). 
 18.2 If the Employee has obtained the Company s prior written approval, in accordance with the provisions of clause 18.1, she shall only be entitled to engage in Outside Interests on the strict condition that such engagement does not, in the reasonable opinion of the Company, conflict or interfere in any material way with the Employee s ability to perform her duties under this agreement or impact on the reputation of the Company or Group Companies. 
 18.3 Notwithstanding clause 18.1, the Employee may hold an investment by way of shares or other securities of any company (whether or not it is listed or dealt in on a recognised stock exchange) where such company does not conflict with the interest of the Company and any Group Company. 
 18.4 If the Employee wishes to hold an investment by way of shares or other securities of any company (whether or not it is listed or dealt in on a recognised stock exchange) which carries on a business similar to or competitive with any business for the time being carried on by the Company and any Group Company the Employee shall obtain prior written approval of the Company (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
 Page 16 of 32 

19. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 
 19.1 Without prejudice to her common law duties, the Employee shall not (except in the proper course of her duties, as authorised or required by law or as authorised by the Director of Legal Services, either during the Appointment or at any time after termination of the Appointment (howsoever arising) 
 (a) use any Confidential Information or 
 (b) make or use any Copies or 
 (c) disclose any Confidential Information to any person, company or other organisation whatsoever. 
 19.2 The Employee shall be responsible for protecting the confidentiality of the Confidential Information and shall 
 (a) use her best endeavours to prevent the use or communication of any Confidential Information by any person, company or organisation (except in the proper course of her duties, as required by law or as authorised by the Company and 
 (b) inform the Company immediately upon becoming aware, or suspecting, that any such person, company or organisation knows or has used any Confidential Information. 
 19.3 All Confidential Information and Copies shall be the property of the Company and shall be handed over to the Director of Legal Services by the Employee on the termination of the Appointment, or at the request of the Company, at any time during the Appointment. 
 19.4 Nothing in this clause 19 shall prevent the Employee from disclosing information which the Employee is entitled to disclose under the Public Interest Disclosure Act 1998, provided that the disclosure is made in accordance with the provisions of that Act. 
 20. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 20.1 The Employee acknowledges that all Employment IPRs, Employment Inventions and all materials embodying them shall automatically belong to the Company to the fullest extent permitted by law. To the extent that they do not vest in the Company automatically, the Employee holds them on trust for the Company. 
 
 Page 17 of 32 

20.2 The Employee acknowledges that, because of the nature of her duties and the particular responsibilities arising from the nature of her duties, she has, and shall have at all times while she is employed by the Company, a special obligation to further the interests of the Company. 
 20.3 To the extent that legal title in any Employment IPRs or Employment Inventions does not vest in the Company by virtue of clause 20.1, the Employee agrees, immediately on creation of such rights and Inventions, to offer to the Company in writing a right of first refusal to acquire them on arm s length terms to be agreed between the parties. If the parties cannot agree on such terms within 30 days of the Company receiving the offer, the Company shall refer the dispute to an expert who shall be appointed by the President of the relevant institute. The expert's decisions shall be final and binding on the parties in the absence of manifest error, and the costs of arbitration shall be borne equally by the parties. The parties will be entitled to make submissions to the expert and will provide (or procure that others provide) the expert with such assistance and documents as the expert reasonably requires for the purpose of reaching a decision. The Employee agrees that the provisions of this clause 20 shall apply to all Employment IPRs and Employment Inventions offered to the Company under this clause 20.3 until such time as the Company has agreed in writing that the Employee may offer them for sale to a third party. 
 20.4 The Employee agrees 
 (a) to give the Company full written details of all Employment Inventions which relate to or are capable of being used in the business of any Group Company promptly on their creation 
 (b) at the request of the Company and in any event on the termination of her employment to give to the Company all originals and copies of correspondence, documents, papers and records on all media which record or relate to any of the Employment IPRs 
 (c) not to attempt to register any Employment IPR nor patent any Employment Invention unless requested to do so by the Company and 
 (d) to keep confidential each Employment Invention unless the Company has consented in writing to its disclosure by the Employee. 
 20.5 The Employee waives all her present and future moral rights which arise under the Copyright Designs and Patents Act 1988, and all similar rights in other jurisdictions relating to any copyright which forms part of the Employment IPRs, and agrees not to support, maintain nor permit any claim for infringement of moral rights in such copyright works. 
 
 Page 18 of 32 

20.6 The Employee acknowledges that, except as provided by law, no further remuneration or compensation other than that provided for in this agreement is or may become due to the Employee in respect of her compliance with this clause 20. This clause 20 is without prejudice to the rights of the Employee under the Patents Act 1977. 
 20.7 The Employee undertakes to use her best endeavours to execute all documents and do all acts both during and after her employment by the Company as may, in the opinion of the Company, be necessary or desirable to vest the Employment IPRs in the Company, to register them in the name of the Company and to protect and maintain the Employment IPRs and the Employment Inventions. Such documents may, at the request of the Company, include waivers of all and any statutory moral rights relating to any copyright works which form part of the Employment IPRs. The Company agrees to reimburse any reasonable expenses of the Employee of complying with this clause 20.7. 
 20.8 The Employee agrees to give all necessary assistance to the Company to enable it to enforce its Intellectual Property Rights against third parties, to defend claims for infringement of third party Intellectual Property Rights and to apply for registration of Intellectual Property Rights, where appropriate throughout the world, and for the full term of those rights. 
 20.9 The Employee hereby irrevocably appoints the Company to be her attorney to execute and do any such instrument or thing and generally to use her name for the purpose of giving the Company or its nominee the benefit of this clause 20. The Employee acknowledges in favour of a third party that a certificate in writing signed by any Director or the Secretary of the Company that any instrument or act falls within the authority conferred by this clause 20.9 shall (unless there is manifest error) be conclusive evidence that such is the case. 
 21. PAYMENT IN LIEU OF NOTICE 
 21.1 Notwithstanding clause 2, the Company may, in its sole and absolute discretion, terminate the Appointment at any time and with immediate effect by notifying the Employee that the Company is exercising its right under this clause 21 and that it will make within 28 days the first instalment of a payment in lieu of notice (Payment in lieu) to the Employee. This Payment in lieu will be equal to the basic salary and contractual benefits detailed herein (as at the date of termination) which the Employee would have been entitled to receive under this agreement during the notice period referred to at clause 2 (or, if notice has already been given, during the remainder of the notice period) less income tax and National Insurance contributions. For the avoidance of doubt, the Payment in lieu shall not include any element in relation to 
 
 Page 19 of 32 

(a) any bonus or commission payments that might otherwise have been due during the period for which the Payment in lieu is made and 
 (b) any payment in respect of any holiday entitlement that would have accrued during the period for which the Payment in lieu is made. 
 21.2 The Company may pay any sums due under clause 21.1 in equal monthly instalments until the date end of the period for which the notice period referred to at clause 2 would have expired if notice had been given. 
 21.3 The Employee shall have no right to receive a Payment in lieu unless the Company has exercised its discretion in clause 21.1. Nothing in this clause 21 shall prevent the Company from terminating the Appointment in breach. 
 21.4 Notwithstanding clause 21.1 the Employee shall not be entitled to any Payment in lieu if the Company would otherwise have been entitled to terminate the Appointment without notice in accordance with clause 21. In that case the Company shall also be entitled to recover from the Employee any Payment in lieu (or instalments thereof) already made. 
 22. TERMINATION WITHOUT NOTICE 
 22.1 Subject to the Company s compliance with section 98 of the Employment Rights Act 1996 and its Disciplinary Policy and Procedures (both as amended from time to time), the Company may also terminate the Appointment with immediate effect without notice and with no liability to make any further payment to the Employee (other than in respect of amounts accrued due at the date of Termination) if the Employee 
 (a) is in serious and material breach of the anti-corruption and bribery policy and related procedures of the Company or 
 (b) acts in a manner which is in serious and material breach or which the Company reasonably deems to be in serious and material breach of the Company s Keeping Everyone Safe statement or associated policies and procedures or 
 (c) is guilty of any gross misconduct affecting the business of any Group Company or 
 (d) fails to comply with her disclosure obligations and, therefore, acts in breach of clause 4.2(n) of this agreement or 
 (e) commits any serious breach or material non-observance of any of the material provisions of this agreement or refuses or neglects to comply with any reasonable and lawful directions of the Company or 
 (f) is, in the reasonable opinion of the Company, grossly negligent in the performance of her duties or 
 Page 20 of 32 

(g) repeatedly and in the reasonable belief of the Company unreasonably refuses to comply with any Company background screening checks, including but not limited to DBS PVG checks or 
 (h) is declared bankrupt or makes any arrangement with or for the benefit of her creditors or has a county court administration order made against her under the County Court Act 1984 or 
 (i) is convicted of any criminal offence (other than an offence under any road traffic legislation in the United Kingdom or elsewhere for which a fine or non-custodial penalty is imposed) or 
 (j) ceases to be eligible to work in the United Kingdom or 
 (k) is guilty of any fraud or dishonesty or acts in any manner which in the reasonable belief of the Company brings or is likely to bring the Employee or any Group Company into disrepute or is materially adverse to the interests of any Group Company or 
 (l) is in the reasonable belief of the Company guilty of a serious breach of any rules issued by the Company from time to time regarding its electronic communications systems, 
 each clause individually, or together, Cause . 
 22.2 The rights of the Company under clause 22.1 are without prejudice to any other rights that it might have at law to terminate the Appointment or to accept any breach of this agreement by the Employee as having brought the agreement to an end. Any delay by the Company in exercising it rights to terminate shall not constitute a waiver thereof. 
 23. GARDEN LEAVE 
 23.1 Following service of notice to terminate the Appointment by either party, or if the Employee purports to terminate the Appointment in breach of contract, the Company may by written notice place the Employee on Garden Leave for the whole or part of the remainder of the Appointment. 
 23.2 During any period of Garden Leave 
 (a) the Company shall be under no obligation to provide any work to the Employee and may revoke any powers the Employee holds on behalf of the Company or any Group Company 
 (b) the Company may require the Employee to carry out alternative duties or to only perform such specific duties as are expressly assigned to the Employee, at such location (including the home of the Employee) as the Company may reasonably decide 
 (c) the Employee shall continue to receive her basic salary and all contractual benefits in the usual way and subject to the terms of any benefit arrangement 
 (d) the Employee shall remain an employee of the Company and bound by the terms of this agreement (including any implied duties of good faith and fidelity) 
 Page 21 of 32 

(e) the Employee shall ensure that her supervisor knows where she will be and how she can be contacted during each working day (except during any periods taken as holiday in the usual way) 
 (f) the Company may exclude the Employee from any premises of the Company or any Group Company and 
 (g) the Company may require the Employee not to contact or deal with (or attempt to contact or deal with) any officer, employee, consultant, client, customer, supplier, agent, distributor, shareholder, adviser or other business contact of the Company or any Group Company. 
 24. OBLIGATIONS UPON TERMINATION 
 24.1 On Termination of the Appointment (however arising) or, if earlier, at the start of a period of Garden Leave following the service of notice or purported Termination of the Appointment by the Employee, the Employee shall 
 (a) resign immediately without compensation from any office or trusteeship that she holds in or on behalf of any Group Company 
 (b) subject to clause 24.2 if applicable, immediately deliver to the Company all documents, books, materials, records, correspondence, papers and information (on whatever media and wherever located) relating to the business or affairs of any Group Company or their business contacts, any keys and any other property of any Group Company, which is in her possession or under her control 
 (c) irretrievably delete any information relating to the business of any Group Company stored on any magnetic or optical disk or memory and all matter derived from such sources which is in her possession or under her control outside the premises of the Company and 
 (d) provide a signed statement that she has complied fully with her obligations under this clause 24.1 together with such reasonable evidence of compliance as the Company may request. 
 24.2 Where the Employee has been placed on Garden Leave she shall not be required by clause 24.1 to return until the end of the Garden Leave period any property provided to her as a contractual benefit for use during the Appointment. 
 24.3 The Employee hereby irrevocably appoints the Company to be her attorney to execute and do any such instrument or thing and generally to use her name for the purpose of giving the Company or its nominee the full benefit of clause 24.1(a). 
 Page 22 of 32 

25. ADDITIONAL PAYMENTS UPON CHANGE OF CONTROL OR CERTAIN TERMINATIONS 
 25.1 Employee s Undertaking. You agree that, in the event that any Person begins a tender or exchange offer, circulates a proxy to the Parent s stockholders or takes other steps to effect a Change of Control, you will not voluntarily leave the employ of the Company and will faithfully and diligently render the services contemplated in this Agreement until such Person has abandoned or terminated his efforts to effect a Change of Control or until a Change of Control has occurred. 
 25.2 Stock Options. Notwithstanding any provision of any long-term incentive plan or option agreements thereunder, all Stock Options granted to Employee under such plans and not then exercised, expired, surrendered or cancelled shall vest immediately prior to a Change in Control, except in the event that such vesting would preclude the pooling method of accounting for the specific transaction that resulted in such Change in Control. 
 25.3 Payments upon a Change of Control. In the event that, within twenty-four (24) months after a Change of Control, employment is terminated for any reason other than for Cause or death or Disability or Employee terminates employment for Good Reason, the following severance pay and benefits are owed subject to continued compliance with obligations which are intended to apply post-termination under this agreement 
 (a) Within thirty (30) days of such termination of employment, Employee will be paid annual base salary accrued through the date of such termination to the extent not theretofore paid and a prorated portion of any bonus payable for the fiscal year in which the date of termination occurs, less any payments made as payment in lieu under clause 21. 
 (b) So long as Employee is not in breach of any provision of this agreement or Settlement Agreement, Employee shall receive severance pay following the termination of employment (i) for a period equal to the number of months that Employee been employed by the Company, not to exceed twenty four (24) months or (ii) until Employee secures other employment, whichever is less Severance Payment Period ). Weekly severance pay shall equal one fifty-second (1 52) of the total base salary and bonus compensation for the last two years of employment. Severance payments shall be made in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices and shall be reduced by taxes and all other legally-required deductions. 
 (c) If Employee elects to continue participation and that of eligible dependents in the private medical insurance plan in accordance with applicable law following termination of employment, then, for a period of twenty-four (24) months from the date employment terminates or until Employee becomes eligible for coverage under the health plans of another employer, whichever is less, the Company will pay the premiums for such participation provided, however that if continued participation in the Company s private 
 Page 23 of 32 

medical insurance plan is not possible under the terms of those plans, the Company shall instead arrange to provide Employee and dependents substantially similar benefits upon comparable terms or pay Employee an amount equal to the full cash value thereof in cash. Employee participation in all other employee benefits plans will cease on the date employment terminates, in accordance with the terms of those plans and this agreement. 
 25.4 Payments Upon Termination Without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason. If the Company terminates employment without Cause or Employee resigns for Good Reason, then in either case Employee shall be entitled to receive bi-weekly severance payments for a period of one (1) year from the date of termination at Employee s base salary level, with all benefits and taxes handled in the same manner as described in clause 25.3 above, plus any bonus compensation and any other accrued benefits then due you on a pro rata basis through date of termination, less any payments made as payment in lieu under clause 21. 
 25.5 Payments Upon Termination for Death or Disability. If Employee dies or becomes disabled resulting in a Disability, Employee shall be entitled to receive base salary and any other accrued benefits due and any bonus compensation on a pro rata basis and reimbursement of properly reimbursable expenses to the date of termination, less any payments made as payment in lieu under clause 21. 
 25.6 For the avoidance of doubt, any payments or benefits provided under clause 25 shall be less any payment in lieu paid under the terms of this agreement as contemplated by clause 21. 
 25.7 Any obligation to Employee under clauses 25.3 and 25.4 of this agreement shall be conditioned upon on Employee s execution of a Settlement Agreement which the Company shall provide to her and which shall include a general release of claims, confidentiality, non-disparagement provisions, and post-termination restrictions at least as restrictive as outlined in clause 26 for the term of 1 year, or in the case of clause 25.3, the Severance Payment Period, whichever is longer. 
 
 Page 24 of 32 

26. POST-TERMINATION RESTRICTIONS 
 26.1 In order to protect the Confidential Information, trade secrets and business connections of the Company and each Group Company to which she has access as a result of the Appointment, the Employee covenants with the Company (for itself and as trustee and agent for each Group Company that she shall not 
 (a) for six months after Termination solicit or endeavour to entice away from the Company or any Group Company the business or custom of a Restricted Customer with a view to providing goods or services to that Restricted Customer in competition with any Restricted Business or 
 (b) for six months after Termination in the course of any business concern which is in competition with any Restricted Business, offer to employ or engage or otherwise endeavour to entice away from the Company or any Group Company any Restricted Person or 
 (c) for six months after Termination in the course of any business concern which is in competition with any Restricted Business, employ or engage or otherwise facilitate the employment or engagement of any Restricted Person, whether or not such person would be in breach of contract as a result of such employment or engagement or 
 (d) for six months after Termination, be involved in any Capacity with any business concern which is (or intends to be) in competition with any Restricted Business or 
 (e) for six months after Termination, be involved with the provision of goods or services to (or otherwise have any business dealings with) any Restricted Customer in the course of any business concern which is in competition with any Restricted Business or 
 (f) at any time after Termination, represent herself as connected with the Company or any Group Company in any Capacity, other than as a former employee, or use any registered business names or trading names associated with the Company or any Group Company. 
 26.2 None of the restrictions in clause 26.1 shall prevent the Employee from 
 (a) being engaged or concerned in any business concern insofar as the duties of the Employee or work shall relate solely to geographical areas where the business concern is not in competition with any Restricted Business or 
 (b) being engaged or concerned in any business concern, provided that the duties of the Employee or work shall relate solely to services or activities of a kind with which the Employee was not concerned with to a material extent in the 9 months before Termination. 
 26.3 The restrictions imposed on the Employee by this clause 26 applies to her acting 
 
 Page 25 of 32 

(a) directly or indirectly and 
 (b) on her own behalf or on behalf of, or in conjunction with, any firm, company or person. 
 26.4 The periods for which the restrictions in clause 26.1 apply shall be reduced by any period that the Employee spends on Garden Leave immediately before Termination. 
 26.5 If the Employee receives an offer to be involved in a business concern in any Capacity that is in competition with any Restricted Business during the Appointment, or before the expiry of the last of the covenants in this clause 26, the Employee shall give the person making the offer a copy of this clause 26 and shall tell the Company the identity of that person as soon as possible after accepting the offer. 
 26.6 Each of the restrictions in this clause 26 is intended to be separate and severable. If any of the restrictions shall be held to be void but would be valid if part of their wording were deleted, such restriction shall apply with such deletion as may be necessary to make it valid or effective. 
 26.7 If the employment of the Employee is transferred to any firm, company, person or entity other than a Group Company New Employer pursuant to the Transfer of Undertakings (Protection of Employment) Regulations 2006, the Employee will, at no further or additional cost whatsoever, if required, enter into an agreement with the New Employer containing post-termination restrictions corresponding to those restrictions in this clause 26, protecting the confidential information, trade secrets and business connections of the New Employer. 
 26.8 The Employee will, at the request and expense of the Company, enter into a separate agreement with any Group Company in which she agrees to be bound by restrictions corresponding to those restrictions in this clause 26 (or such of those restrictions as the Company deems appropriate) in relation to that Group Company. 
 27. DISCIPLINARY AND GRIEVANCE PROCEDURES 
 27.1 The Employee is subject to the disciplinary and grievance procedures of the Company, copies of which are available from HR. These procedures do not form part of the contract of employment of the Employee. 
 27.2 If the Employee wants to raise a grievance, she may do so in accordance with the grievance procedure of the Company. 
 
 Page 26 of 32 

27.3 If the Employee wishes to appeal against a disciplinary decision she may do so in accordance with the disciplinary procedure of the Company. 
 27.4 The Company may suspend the Employee from any or all of her duties for a reasonable time during any period in which the Company is investigating any disciplinary matter involving the Employee or while any disciplinary procedure against the Employee is outstanding. 
 27.5 During any period of suspension 
 (a) the Employee shall continue to receive her basic salary and all contractual benefits in the usual way and subject to the terms of any benefit arrangement 
 (b) the Employee shall remain an employee of the Company and bound by the terms of this agreement 
 (c) the Employee shall ensure that her supervisor knows where she will be and how she can be contacted during each working day (except during any periods taken as holiday in the usual way) 
 (d) the Company may exclude the Employee from her place of work or any other premises of the Company or any Group Company 
 (e) the Company may require the Employee not to contact or deal with (or attempt to contact or deal with) any officer, employee, consultant, client, customer, supplier, agent, distributor, shareholder, adviser or other business contact of the Company or any Group Company 
 (f) the Company reserves the entitlement to revoke the Employee s access to Company email, systems and or networks and 
 (g) the Company further reserves the entitlement to require the Employee to return her mobile telephone and laptop. 
 28. GROUP PENSION SCHEME 
 28.1 The Employee will become an active member of the group pension scheme (Scheme) of the Company (or such other registered pension scheme as may be established by the Company to replace Scheme) with effect from the date of this contract. Full details of the Scheme are available from HR Manager. 
 28.2 The Company shall contribute an amount equal to 5 of the basic salary of the Employee to the Scheme during each year of the Appointment. Any contributions paid will be sufficient to maintain the status of the Scheme as a Qualifying Scheme. 
 
 Page 27 of 32 

28.3 Contributions may be paid up to the lower of 100 of the salary of the Employee and the annual allowance set by HM Revenue & Customs from time to time. 
 28.4 Any contributions shall be payable in equal monthly instalments in arrears. The contributions of the Employee shall be made by way of deduction from the salary of the Employee. 
 28.5 A contracting-out certificate is not in force in respect of the Appointment. 
 29. DATA PROTECTION 
 29.1 The Employee confirms that she has read and understands the data protection policy of the Company, a copy of which is available from the HR Department. The Company is entitled to make changes to its data protection policy. 
 29.2 The Employee shall comply with the data protection policy when processing personal data in the course of employment including personal data relating to any employee, customer, client, supplier or agent of any Group Company. 
 29.3 The Employee consents to any Group Company processing data relating to the Employee for legal, personnel, administrative and management purposes and in particular to the processing of any sensitive personal data (as defined in the Data Protection Act 1998) relating to the Employee, including, as appropriate 
 (a) information about the physical or mental health or condition of the Employee in order to monitor sick leave and take decisions as to the fitness for work of the Employee or 
 (b) the racial or ethnic origin of the Employee or religious or similar information in order to monitor compliance with equal opportunities legislation or 
 (c) information relating to any criminal proceedings in which the Employee has been involved for insurance purposes and in order to comply with legal requirements and obligations to third parties. 
 29.4 The Company may make such information available to any Group Company, those who provide products or services to any Group Company (such as advisers and payroll administrators), regulatory authorities, potential or future employers, governmental or quasi-governmental organisations and potential purchasers of the Company or the business in which the Employee works. 
 29.5 The Company transfers to other Group Companies the data processed under clause 29.3 outside of the European Economic Area, including without limitation to the United States. The Employee hereby consents to the transfer of such information to the business contacts of any Group Company outside the European Economic Area in order to further their business interests. 
 Page 28 of 32 

30. COLLECTIVE AGREEMENTS 
 There is no collective agreement which directly affects the Appointment. 
 31. RECONSTRUCTION AND AMALGAMATION 
 If the Appointment is terminated at any time by reason of any reconstruction or amalgamation of any Group Company, whether by winding up or otherwise, and the Employee is offered employment with any concern or undertaking involved in or resulting from the reconstruction or amalgamation on terms which (considered in their entirety) are no less favourable to any material extent than the terms of this agreement, the Employee shall have no claim against the Company or any the undertaking arising out of or connected with such termination. 
 32. NOTICE 
 32.1 A notice given to a party under this agreement shall be in writing in the English language and signed by or on behalf of the party giving it. It shall be delivered by hand or sent to the party at the address given in this agreement or as otherwise notified in writing to the other party. 
 32.2 Any such notice shall be deemed to have been received 
 (a) if delivered by hand, at the time the notice is left at the address or given to the addressee or 
 (b) in the case of pre-paid first class UK post or other next working day delivery service, at 9.00 am two business days after posting or at the time recorded by the delivery service or 
 (c) in the case of pre-paid airmail, 9.00 am fifth business day after posting or at the time recorded by the delivery service or 
 (d) in the case of email, at the time of transmission sending. 
 32.3 A notice shall have effect from the earlier of its actual or deemed receipt by the addressee. For the purpose of calculating deemed receipt 
 (a) all references to time are to local time in the place of deemed receipt and 
 (b) if deemed receipt would occur on a Saturday or Sunday or a public holiday when banks are not open for business, deemed receipt is at 9.00 am on the next business day. 
 
 Page 29 of 32 

32.4 A notice required to be given under this agreement shall not be validly given if sent by fax. 
 32.5 This clause does not apply to the service of any proceedings or other documents in any legal action. 
 33. ENTIRE AGREEMENT 
 33.1 This agreement (and any document referred to in it,) together with the Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. 2012 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan and the Bonus Plan constitutes the whole agreement between the parties (and in the case of the Company, as agent for any Group Companies) and supersedes any previous arrangement, understanding or agreement between them relating to the subject matter of this agreement. 
 33.2 Each party acknowledges that in entering into this agreement it has not relied on and shall have no remedy in respect of any Pre-Contractual Statement. 
 33.3 Each party agrees that its only liability in respect of those representations and warranties that are set out in this agreement (whether made innocently or negligently) shall be for breach of contract. 
 33.4 Nothing in this clause 33 shall limit or exclude any liability for fraud. 
 34. VARIATION 
 No variation or agreed termination of this agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by the parties (or their authorised representatives). 
 35. COUNTERPARTS 
 This agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be an original, and all the counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 36. THIRD PARTY RIGHTS 
 No person other than a party to this agreement may enforce any of its terms. 
 
 Page 30 of 32 

37. GOVERNING LAW 
 37.1 This agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England. 
 37.2 The parties irrevocably agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England over any claim or matter arising under or in connection with this agreement or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims). 
 This agreement has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning of this agreement. 
 
 Signatures on Following 
 Page 31 of 32 

Signed by for and on behalf of Bright Horizons Family Solutions Limited 
 s John Casagrande 
 John Casagrande 

Signed by Rosamund Marshall 
 s Ros Marshall 

Page 32 of 32 

</EX-10.24>

<EX-10.25>
 4
 ex1025202210k.htm
 EX-10.25

Document 
 Exhibit 10.25 

 BRIGHT HORIZONS FAMILY SOLUTIONS LLC 
 SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 

February 21, 2023 
 
 Mandy Berman 
 c o Bright Horizons Family Solutions LLC 
 2 Wells Avenue 
 Newton, Massachusetts 02459 
 
 Dear Mandy 
 
 WHEREAS, the Board of Managers (the Board of Bright Horizons Family Solutions LLC (the Company has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its sole member Bright Horizons Capital Corp., and Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. Parent and its stockholders, for the Company to agree to provide benefits to those members of management, including yourself, who are responsible for the policy-making functions of the Company and the overall viability of the Company s business, in the event that you should leave the employ of the Company under the circumstances described below 
 
 WHEREAS, the Board recognizes that the possibility of a change of control of the Company or Parent is unsettling to such members of management, including yourself, and desires to make these arrangements at this time to help assure a continuing dedication by you and your fellow members of management to your duties to the Company and its sole member (and Parent and its stockholders), notwithstanding the occurrence hereafter of attempts to gain control of the Company and the resultant disruptive effects on the management of the Company s business 
 
 WHEREAS, the Board believes it important, should the Company receive proposals from third parties with respect to its future, to enable you, without being influenced by the uncertainties of your own employment situation and in addition to your regular duties, to assess and advise the Board whether such proposals would be in the best interests of the Company and its sole member (and Parent and its stockholders) and to take such other action regarding such proposals as the Board might determine to be appropriate 
 
 WHEREAS, the Board also wishes to demonstrate to executives of the Company that the Company is concerned with the welfare of its executives and intends to see that loyal executives are treated fairly and wishes to enter this agreement (the Agreement 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, to assure the Company that it will have your continued dedication and the availability of your advice and counsel notwithstanding the possibility, threat or occurrence of a bid to take over control of the Company, and to induce you to remain in the employ of the Company, and in consideration of the stock options and other awards granted under the Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time, your continued employment by the Company, the mutual promises contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, you agree as follows 
 
 1. Employee s Undertaking. You agree that, in the event that any Person begins a tender or exchange offer, circulates a proxy to the Company s member (or Parent s stockholders) or takes other steps to effect a Change of Control, you will not voluntarily leave the employ of the Company and will faithfully and diligently render the services contemplated in the recitals to this 
 - 1 - 

Agreement until such Person has abandoned or terminated his efforts to effect a Change of Control or until a Change of Control has occurred. 
 2. Severance Benefits . In the event that, within twenty-four (24) months after a Change of Control, your employment with the Company is terminated for any reason other than for Cause or death or disability or you terminate your employment for Good Reason, the Company will provide you the following severance pay and benefits, subject to your continued performance under this Agreement and to the further provisions of this Agreement 
 2.1 Within thirty (30) days of such termination of employment, the Company will pay your annual base salary accrued through the date of such termination to the extent not theretofore paid and a prorated portion of any bonus payable for the fiscal year in which the date of termination occurs. 
 2.2 So long as you are not in breach of any provision of this Agreement, the Company will provide you severance pay following the termination of your employment (i) for a period equal to the number of months that you have been employed by the Company, not to exceed twenty four (24) months or (ii) until you secure other employment, whichever is less (the Severance Payment Period ). Bi-weekly severance pay shall equal one fifty-second (1 52) of your total base salary and cash bonus compensation for the last two years of your employment provided, however, that if you have been employed by the Company for less than two years, such bi-weekly severance pay shall equal the quotient of (i) the total base salary and cash bonus compensation paid to you during your employment with the Company divided by (ii) the total number of weeks that you have been employed by the Company, which for purposes hereof shall include the week of termination, multiplied by (iii) two (2). Severance payments shall be made in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices and shall be reduced by taxes and all other legally-required deductions. 
 2.3 If you elect to continue your participation and that of your eligible dependents in the Company s group health plans in accordance with applicable federal law following termination of your employment, then, for a period of twenty-four (24) months from the date your employment terminates or until you become eligible for coverage under the group health plans of another employer, whichever is less, the Company will pay the premiums for such participation provided , however that if your continued participation in the Company s group health plans is not possible under the terms of those plans, the Company shall instead arrange to provide you and your dependents substantially similar benefits upon comparable terms or pay you an amount equal to the full cash value thereof in cash. Your participation in all other employee benefits plans will cease on the date your employment terminates, in accordance with the terms of those plans. 
 2.4 Any obligation of the Company to you hereunder, including without limitation under Section 2 and Section 11 of this Agreement, other than for accrued but unpaid base salary or benefits, shall be conditioned on your execution of a general release of claims in the form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A (the Release of Claims within twenty-one (21) days following the date your employment is terminated (or such longer period as the Company shall determine it is required by law to permit the you to consider the Release of Claims) and provided you do not revoke the Release of Claims thereafter. 
 3. Stock Options. Notwithstanding any provision of any stock option or comparable plan of the Company or option agreements thereunder, all options granted you under such plans and not then exercised, expired, surrendered or canceled shall vest immediately prior to a Change in Control, except in the event that such vesting would preclude the pooling method of accounting for the specific transaction that resulted in such Change in Control. 
 - 2 - 

4. Competitive Activities and Other Claims. 
 4.1 You agree that, at any time during your employment and during the Severance Payment Period, you will not directly or indirectly, whether as owner, partner, investor, consultant, agent, employee or otherwise, compete with the business of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or undertake any active planning for any business competitive with that of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates in any geographic area in which the Company does, or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates do, business or is formally planning at any time prior to the termination of your employment to do business, without the prior written consent of the Board, which consent may be withheld in the Board s sole discretion. 
 4.2 You agree that, during your employment and during the Severance Payment Period, you will not directly or indirectly (a) solicit or encourage any customer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates to terminate or diminish its relationship with them or (b) seek to persuade any such customer or prospective customer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates to conduct with anyone else any business or activity which such customer or prospective customer conducts or could conduct with the Company or any of its subsidiaries and affiliates provided that these restrictions shall apply (y) only with respect to those Persons who are or have been a customer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates at any time within the immediately preceding two year period or whose business has been solicited on behalf of the Company or any of the subsidiaries or affiliates by any of their officers, employees or agents within said two year period, other than by form letter, blanket mailing or published advertisement, and (z) only if you have performed work for such Person during your employment with the Company or one of its subsidiaries or affiliates or have been introduced to, or otherwise had contact with, such Person as a result of your employment or other associations with the Company or one of its subsidiaries or affiliates or have had access to Confidential Information which would assist in your solicitation of such Person. 
 
 4.3 You agree that, during your employment and during the Severance Payment Period, you will not, and will not assist anyone else to, (a) hire or assist in or solicit for hiring any employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, or seek to persuade any employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates to discontinue employment or (b) solicit or encourage any independent contractor providing services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates to terminate or diminish its relationship with them. For the purposes of this Agreement, an employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates is any person who was such at any time within the preceding two (2) years. 
 
 4.4 In the event of termination of your employment under the circumstances described herein, the arrangements provided for by this Agreement, by any stock option or other written agreement between you and Parent in effect at that time and by any applicable employee benefit plans of the Company in effect at that time (in each case as modified by this Agreement) will constitute the entire obligation of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates to you, and performance by the Company (or, in the case of any such stock option, Parent) will constitute full settlement of any claim that you might otherwise assert against the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates on account of such termination. 
 5. Confidentiality . You acknowledge that the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates continually develop Confidential Information, that you may develop Confidential Information for the Company or its subsidiaries and affiliates, and that you may learn of Confidential Information during the course of employment. You agree that all Confidential Information that you create or to which you have access as a result of your employment is and shall remain the sole and exclusive property of the Company, and that you will comply with the policies and procedures of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates for protecting Confidential Information. You further agree that, except as required for the proper performance of your duties 
 - 3 - 

for the Company or as required by applicable law (and then only to the extent so required), you will not, directly or indirectly, use for your own benefit or gain, or assist others in the application of or disclose any Confidential Information. You understand and agree that these restrictions will continue to apply after your employment terminates, regardless of the reason for termination and regardless of whether you are receiving or are entitled to receive any payments or other benefits under this Agreement. 
 6. Enforceability and Remedies. 
 6.1 You agree that the restrictions on, and other provisions relating to, your activities contained in this Agreement are fully reasonable and necessary to protect the goodwill, Confidential Information and other legitimate business interests of the Company. You also acknowledge and agree that, were you to breach the provisions of this Agreement, the harm to the Company would be irreparable. You therefore agree that in the event of such breach or threatened breach, the Company shall, in addition to any other remedies available to it, have the right to obtain preliminary and permanent injunctive relief against any such breach without having to post bond, and will additionally be entitled to an award of attorneys fees incurred in connection with securing any of its rights under Sections 4 or 5 of this Agreement. You also agree that the period of restriction referenced in Sections 4.1, 4.2, and 4.3 hereof shall be tolled and shall not run during any period of time when you are in violation thereof. You further agree that, in addition to any other relief awarded to the Company as a result of your breach of any of the provisions of this Agreement, the Company shall be entitled to recover all payments made to you or on your behalf hereunder. It is agreed and understood that no claimed breach of this Agreement by the Company, and no claimed violation of law, shall excuse you from your performance obligations under Sections 4 and 5 hereof, nor shall changes in the nature, scope, or content of your employment, or in your compensation, excuse you from your performance of such obligations or require that this Agreement be re-signed. 
 6.2 You hereby agree that in the event any provision of this Agreement shall be determined by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable by reason of its being extended over too long a time, too large a geographic area or too great a range of activities, such provision shall be deemed to be modified to permit its enforcement to the maximum extent permitted by law. 
 7. Definitions . Words or phrases which are initially capitalized or within quotation marks shall have the meanings provided in this Section 7 and as provided elsewhere herein. For purposes of this Agreement, the following definitions apply 
 7.1 Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 7.2 Cause means (i) the commission of fraud, embezzlement, theft or other material act of dishonesty in the performance of your duties for, or responsibilities to, the Company and (ii) willful, or repeated and negligent, failure to adequately perform your duties for, or responsibilities to, the Company after reasonable notice from the Board setting forth in reasonable detail the nature of such failure and you shall not have remedied such failure within ten (10) days of receiving such notice. Any act, or failure to act, based on authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board or based on the advice of counsel of the Company shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by you in good faith and in the best interest of the Company. 
 7.3 Change of Control shall be deemed to take place if hereafter (i) any Person (other than any Person which is a holder of Parent common stock on the date hereof or any direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Act) of securities of (x) the Company representing more than 50 of the 
 - 4 - 

combined voting power of the Company s then-outstanding securities, or (y) Parent representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of Parent s then-outstanding securities (ii) the Company or Parent (or any wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent that is a direct or indirect parent company of the Company) is a party to a merger, consolidation sale of assets or other reorganization, or a proxy contest, as a consequence of which members of the Board or the Board of Directors of Parent (the Parent Board in office immediately prior to such transaction or event constitute less than a majority of the Board or the Parent Board, as applicable, thereafter, or (iii) individuals who, at the date hereof, constitute the Board (the Continuing Directors or the Parent Board (the Continuing Parent Directors cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof provided , however , that any manager or director, as applicable, who is not in office at the date hereof but whose election by the Board or the Parent Board, as applicable, or whose nomination for election by the Company s member or Parent s stockholders, as applicable, was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the managers or directors, as applicable, then still in office who either were managers or directors, as applicable, at the date hereof or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved shall be deemed to be a Continuing Director or Continuing Parent Director, as applicable, for purposes of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, a Change of Control will not be deemed to have occurred solely because of the acquisition of the securities of the Company or Parent (or any reporting requirement under the Act relating thereto) by an employee benefit plan maintained by the Company or Parent for its employees. 
 
 7.4 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 
 7.5 Confidential Information means any and all information of the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates that is not generally known by others with whom they compete or do business, or with whom they plan to compete or do business and any and all information, publicly known in whole or in part or not, which, if disclosed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, would assist in competition against any of them. Confidential Information includes without limitation such information relating to (i) the financial performance and strategic plans of the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates, (ii) the identity and special needs of their customers and the structure of any contractual relationship with such customers and (iii) the people and organizations with whom they have business relationships and the substance of those relationships. Confidential Information also includes any and all information that the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates has received from others with any understanding that it would not be disclosed. 
 
 7.6 Good Reason means any material diminution in your base salary, bonus opportunity, position or nature or scope of responsibilities (other than by inadvertence) or any material reduction in your benefits that uniquely and disproportionately affects you, in each case occurring without your consent and as to which (x) you have provided written notice to the Board within thirty (30) days of the date on which you knew or reasonably should have known of such diminution or reduction, which notice shall set forth in reasonable detail the nature of such Good Reason, (y) the Company shall not have remedied such diminution or reduction within thirty (30) days of receiving such written notice, and (z) you shall have terminated your employment within ten (10) days after the Company s failure to remedy such diminution or reduction. Termination of employment for Good Reason, as provided herein, is intended to be an involuntary separation of service for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, and shall be construed accordingly. 
 7.7 Person means an individual, a corporation, an association, a partnership, an estate, a trust or other entity or organization (including a group as defined in Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Act), other than the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 
 - 5 - 

8. Assignment . Neither the Company nor you may make any assignment of this Agreement or any interest herein, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other provided, however, that the Company may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement without your consent in the event that the Company shall hereafter effect a reorganization, or consolidate with, or merge into any Person or other entity or transfer all or substantially all of its property or assets to any Person. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company, its successors (including without limitation any transferee of all or substantially all of its assets) and permitted assigns and upon you, your executors, administrators, heirs and permitted assigns. 
 In the event of any merger, consolidation, or sale of assets as described above, nothing contained in this Agreement will detract from or otherwise limit your right to participate or privilege of participation in any stock option or purchase plan or any bonus, profit sharing, pension, group insurance, hospitalization, or other incentive or benefit plan or arrangement which may be or become applicable to executives of the corporation resulting from such merger or consolidation or the corporation acquiring such assets of the Company. 
 In the event of any merger, consolidation or sale of assets as described above, references to the Company in this Agreement shall, unless the context suggests otherwise, be deemed to include the entity resulting from such merger or consolidation or the acquirer of such assets of the Company. 
 All payments required to be made, or other benefits required to be provided, by the Company hereunder to you or your dependents, beneficiaries, or estate will be subject to the withholding of such amounts relating to tax and or other payroll deductions as may be required by law. 
 9. Notices . Any and all notices, requests, demands, acceptances, appointments and other communications provided for by this Agreement shall be in writing (including telex, telecopy or similar tele-transmission) and shall be effective when actually delivered in person or, if mailed, five (5) days after having been deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, registered or certified and addressed to you at your last known address on the books of the Company, or in the case of the Company, addressed to its principal place of business, attention of Chief Executive Officer, or to such other address as either party may specify by notice to the other. 
 10. Miscellaneous . The headings and captions in this Agreement are for convenience only and in no way define or describe the scope or content of any provision of this Agreement. This Agreement may not be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in a writing signed by you and such officer as may be specifically designated by the Board. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which together constitute one and the same instrument. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law, or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner to the end that the transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the fullest extent possible. 
 11. Payments Upon Termination or Resignation Without a Change in Control 
 - 6 - 

11.1 Payments Upon Termination for Cause, Death, Disability or Voluntary Resignation. If (a) the Company at any time terminates your employment for Cause or (b) you voluntarily resign for any reason other than Good Reason, then in either case you shall be entitled to receive only your base salary and any other accrued benefits then due you on a pro rata basis to the date of termination plus reimbursement of properly reimbursable expenses through the date of termination. If you at any time die or become disabled disabled being defined as your inability to perform your normal employment duties for a consecutive six (6) month period during the term of this Agreement because of either physical or mental incapacity), you shall be entitled to receive only your base salary and any other accrued benefits due you and any incentive bonus compensation on a pro rata basis and reimbursement of properly reimbursable expenses to the date of termination. Pro rata shall mean the product of your annual base salary and any incentive bonus compensation that would have been payable had your employment not terminated multiplied by a fraction the denominator of which is 365 and the numerator of which is the number of days during the calendar year that have passed through the date of the termination of your employment. 
 
 11.2 Payments Upon Termination Without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason. If the Company terminates your employment without Cause or you resign for Good Reason, then in either case you shall be entitled to receive bi-weekly severance payments for a period of one (1) year from the date of termination at your base salary level, with all benefits and taxes handled in the same manner as described in Section 2 above, plus any incentive bonus compensation and any other accrued benefits then due you on a pro rata basis through date of termination. Any payments or benefits provided under this Section 11 shall be in lieu of and not in addition to any payments or benefits provided under Section 2, and at no time will you be eligible for payments or benefits under both Section 2 and Section 11. 
 12. Section 409A . It is intended that (1) each installment of the payments provided under this Agreement is a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code and (2) that while the Company does not guarantee the tax treatment of deferred compensation payments, if any, made pursuant to this Agreement under Section 409A of the Code, this Agreement complies with Section 409A to the extent applicable and shall be interpreted and administered consistent therewith. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if the Company determines (i) that on the date your employment with the Company terminates or at such other time that the Company determines to be relevant, you are a specified employee (as such term is defined under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-I(i)(1)) of the Company and (ii) that any payments to be provided to you pursuant to this Agreement are or may become subject to the additional tax under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code or any other taxes or penalties imposed under Section 409A of the Code if provided at the time otherwise required under this Agreement, then such payments shall be delayed until the date that is six (6) months after the date of your separation from service (as such term is defined under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-I(h)) with the Company. Any payments delayed pursuant to this Section 12 shall be made in a lump sum on the first day of the seventh month following your separation from service (as such term is defined under Treasury Regulation l.409A-I(h)), and any remaining payments required to be made under this Agreement will be paid upon the schedule otherwise applicable to such payments under the Agreement. 
 - 7 - 

13. Prior Agreements Superseded . You acknowledge and agree that this Agreement supersedes and replaces any prior severance agreements or employment agreements you had with the Company as part of your former employment. 
 14. Acknowledgements . You hereby acknowledge that you may consider the terms of this Agreement for up to ten (10) business days after receipt from the Company prior to signing and also acknowledge that you hereby have the right to seek the advice of an attorney prior to signing the Agreement. 
 If you are in agreement with the foregoing, please so indicate by signing and returning to me the original of this Agreement, whereupon this Agreement shall constitute a binding agreement between you and the Company. The second copy is for your records. 
 remainder of page intentionally left blank 
 - 8 - 

Very truly yours, 
 BRIGHT HORIZONS FAMILY SOLUTIONS LLC 
 
 _ s Elizabeth J. Boland __________________________ 
 Name Elizabeth J. Boland 
 Title Chief Financial Officer 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED 
 
 Signature _ s Mandy Berman________________________ 
 Name Mandy Berman 
 Signature Page 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 RELEASE OF CLAIMS 
 
 FOR AND IN CONSIDERATION OF the benefits to be provided me in connection with the termination of my employment, as set forth in the agreement between me and Bright Horizons Family Solutions LLC (the Company dated as of February 21, 2023 (the Agreemen t ), which are conditioned on my signing this Release of Claims and to which I am not otherwise entitled, I, on my own behalf and on behalf of my heirs, executors, administrators, beneficiaries, representatives and assigns, and all others connected with or claiming through me, hereby release and forever discharge the Company, its subsidiaries and other affiliates and all of their respective past, present and future officers, directors, trustees, shareholders, employees, employee benefit plans, agents, general and limited partners, members, managers, investors, joint venturers, representatives, successors and assigns, and all others connected with any of them, both individually and in their official capacities, from any and all causes of action, rights or claims of any type or description, known or unknown, which I have had in the past, now have, or might now have, through the date of my signing of this Release of Claims, in any way resulting from, arising out of or connected with my employment by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or other affiliates or the termination of that employment or pursuant to any federal, state or local law, regulation or other requirement (including without limitation Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, and the fair employment practices laws of the state or states in which I have been employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or other affiliates, each as amended from time to time). 
 
 Excluded from the scope of this Release of Claims is (i) any claim arising under the terms of the Agreement or pursuant to the terms of any outstanding equity award or related agreement in respect thereof after the effective date of this Release of Claims and (ii) any right of indemnification or contribution that I have pursuant to the Articles of Incorporation or By-Laws of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or other affiliates. 
 
 In signing this Release of Claims, I acknowledge my understanding that I may not sign it prior to the termination of my employment, but that I may consider the terms of this Release of Claims for up to twenty-one (21) days (or such longer period as the Company may specify) from the later of the date my employment with the Company terminates or the date I receive this Release of Claims. I also acknowledge that I am advised by the Company and its subsidiaries and other affiliates to seek the advice of an attorney prior to signing this Release of Claims that I have had sufficient time to consider this Release of Claims and to consult with an attorney, if I wished to do so, or to consult with any other person of my choosing before signing and that I am signing this Release of Claims voluntarily and with a full understanding of its terms. 
 
 I further acknowledge that, in signing this Release of Claims, I have not relied on any promises or representations, express or implied, that are not set forth expressly in the Agreement. I understand that I may revoke this Release of Claims at any time within seven (7) days of the date of my signing by written notice to the Chief Administrative Officer of the Company and that this Release of Claims will take effect only upon the expiration of such seven-day revocation period and only if I have not timely revoked it. Intending to be legally bound, I have signed this Release of Claims under seal as of the date written below. 
 
 Signature _____________________________________________ 
 
 Name (please print) ____________________________________ 
 
 Date Signed ___________________________________________ 

</EX-10.25>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 ex211202210k.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 As of December 31, 2022 Entity Jurisdiction Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. Delaware Bright Horizons Capital Corp. Delaware Bright Horizons Family Solutions LLC Delaware Choice Sitter Solutions LLC Delaware Apex Insurance Inc. Vermont CorporateFamily Solutions LLC Tennessee Bright Horizons LLC Delaware Bright Horizons Children s Centers LLC Delaware ChildrenFirst LLC Massachusetts Resources in Active Learning California Hildebrandt Learning Centers, LLC Pennsylvania Children s Choice Learning Centers, Inc. Nevada Children s Choice SB Corporation Nevada College Nannies & Tutors Development, Inc. Minnesota Aspirations, Inc. California BHFS Holdings Limited United Kingdom BlueTang Holdings Pty Ltd Australia BlueTang FinCo Pty Ltd Australia BlueTang OpCo Pty Ltd Australia Nemo (BC) HoldCo Pty Ltd Australia Nemo (BC) MidCo Pty Ltd Australia Nemo (BC) Bidco Pty Ltd Australia OAC Group Pty Ltd Australia Only About Children Pty Ltd Australia OAC Management Trust5 Australia OAC Operations Trust Australia OAC Operations Pty Ltd Australia OAC No. 1 Pty Ltd Australia Little Learning School Artarmon Pty Ltd Australia Little Learning School Asquith Pty Ltd Australia Little Learning School Brookvale Mall Pty Ltd Australia Little Learning School Cleveland St Pty Ltd Australia Little Learning School Croydon Park Pty Ltd Australia Little Learning School Maroubra Pty Ltd Australia Little Learning School St Leonards Pty Ltd Australia Kids Cottage Pty Ltd Australia Little Learning School Alexandria Burrows Rd Pty Ltd Australia Little Learning Education Pty Ltd Australia Little Learning School Pty Ltd Australia Little Learning School Penrith Pty Ltd Australia Little Learning School Macquarie Park Pty Ltd Australia Little Learning School Caringbah Pty Ltd Australia Little Learning School Warriewood Pty Ltd Australia 

Entity Jurisdiction BHFS One Limited United Kingdom BHFS Two Limited United Kingdom Bright Horizons Family Solutions Limited United Kingdom Zoom Nurseries Limited United Kingdom Zoom Nurseries (Blackhealth) Limited United Kingdom Zoom Nurseries (Brockley) Limited United Kingdom Zoom Nurseries (Eltham) Limited United Kingdom BHFS (Maidenhead) Limited United Kingdom My Family Care Limited United Kingdom Tiggywigs Limited United Kingdom Poppetts Limited United Kingdom Tinysaurus Nurseries Ltd United Kingdom Rose Cottage Day Nursery Limited United Kingdom Magic Nursery Group Limited United Kingdom Magic Daycare Nursery Limited United Kingdom Magic Daycare Nursery (Finchley) Limited United Kingdom Magic Nursery Muswell Hill Limited United Kingdom Yellow Dot Holdings Limited United Kingdom Yellow Dot Limited United Kingdom Yellow Dot (Ampfield) Limited United Kingdom Yellow Dot (Andover) Limited United Kingdom Yellow Dot (Chilworth) Limited United Kingdom Yellow Dot (Eastleigh) Limited United Kingdom Yellow Dot (Fair Oak) Limited United Kingdom Yellow Dot (Hedge End) Limited United Kingdom Yellow Dot (North Baddesley) Limited United Kingdom Yellow Dot (Otterbourne) Limited United Kingdom Yellow Dot (Romsey) Limited United Kingdom Yellow Dot (Winchester) Limited United Kingdom Conchord Limited United Kingdom Chestnutbay Acquisitionco Limited United Kingdom Chestnutbay Limited United Kingdom Acorndrive Limited United Kingdom Acorndrift Limited United Kingdom Asquith Court Holdings Limited United Kingdom Goosebrook Limited United Kingdom Rivertide Day Nurseries Limited United Kingdom Chesire Plato LLP (1) 
 United Kingdom Asquith Nannies Limited United Kingdom Asquith Nurseries Limited United Kingdom Asquith Nurseries Developments Limited United Kingdom Kids 2 Us Limited United Kingdom Kinderstart Day Nurseries Limited United Kingdom Bobby s Playhouse Limited United Kingdom Four Seasons at Spectrum Limited United Kingdom Four Seasons at Skypark Limited United Kingdom 

Entity Jurisdiction Hickory House Children s Day Nursery Limited United Kingdom Allgold Investments Limited United Kingdom Norfolk Lodge School Limited United Kingdom Muddy Puddles Childcare Limited United Kingdom Bishopbriggs Childcare Centre Limited United Kingdom Pegasus Childcare Limited United Kingdom Bright Horizons B.V. Netherlands Kindergarden Nederland B.V. Netherlands Bright Horizons Child Care Services Private Limited (2) 
 India Bright Horizons Corp. Puerto Rico 
 (1) Owned 99.9 by Acorndrift Limited and 0.01 by Asquith Court Holdings Limited. (2) 9,999 shares owned by Bright Horizons B.V., 1 share owned by BHFS Two Limited. 
 In accordance with Item 601(b)(21) of Regulation S-K, the Company has omitted from this Exhibit list the names of certain subsidiaries. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 ex231202210k.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements Nos. 333-231987, 333-186193, and 333-193066 on Form S-8 and No. 333-239269 on Form S-3 of our reports dated February 28, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. and the effectiveness of Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP Boston, Massachusetts February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex311202210k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14 and 15d-14 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Stephen H. Kramer, certify that 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and the other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 28, 2023 s Stephen H. Kramer Stephen H. Kramer Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex312202210k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14 and 15d-14 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Elizabeth Boland, certify that 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and the other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 28, 2023 s Elizabeth Boland Elizabeth Boland Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ex321202210k.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Stephen H. Kramer, as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 28, 2023 s Stephen H. Kramer Stephen H. Kramer Chief Executive Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. and will be retained by Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-K or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 ex322202210k.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Elizabeth Boland, as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 28, 2023 s Elizabeth Boland Elizabeth Boland Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. and will be retained by Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-K or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 bfam-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 bfam-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 bfam-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 bfam-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 bfam-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

