<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230317_10-K_edgar_data_1888012_0000950170-23-008647.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14451048</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>751709</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4700053</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5053610</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1566974</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2150064</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-008647.hdr.sgml : 20230317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230317161601
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-008647
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		99
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HilleVax, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001888012
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41365
		FILM NUMBER:		23742784

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		75 STATE ST.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02109
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(617) 213-5054

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		75 STATE ST.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02109

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-008647.txt : 20230317

10-K
 1
 hlvx-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million based on the closing price of the registrant s common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market of 10.93 per share. 
 The number of shares of registrant's Common Stock outstanding as of March 13, 2023 was . 

HILLEVAX, INC. 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 35 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 83 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 83 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 83 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 84 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 85 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 86 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 87 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 97 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 98 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 121 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 121 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 121 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 121 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 122 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 122 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 122 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 122 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 122 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 123 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 123 

Signatures 
 126 

Forward-Looking Statements and Market Data 
 
 This annual report on Form 10-K (Annual Report) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy, research and development plans, the anticipated timing, costs, design and conduct of our ongoing and planned preclinical studies and clinical trials for our product candidates, the timing and likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals for our product candidates, our ability to commercialize our product candidates, if approved, plans and objectives of management for future operations and future results of anticipated product development efforts, are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. This Annual Report also contains estimates and other statistical data made by independent parties and by us relating to market size and growth and other data about our industry. This data involves a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such estimates. In addition, projections, assumptions and estimates of our future performance and the future performance of the markets in which we operate are necessarily subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk. 
 
 In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as anticipate, believe, continue could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, target or will or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, without limitation, the risk factors described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Annual Report. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement, which is made under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
 
 This Annual Report includes trademarks, tradenames and service marks that are the property of other organizations. Solely for convenience, trademarks and tradenames referred to in this Annual Report appear without the and symbols, but those references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights, or that the applicable owner will not assert its rights, to these trademarks and tradenames. We maintain a website at www.hillevax.com, to which we regularly post copies of our press releases as well as additional information about us. Our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after being electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Information contained in our website does not constitute a part of this report or our other filings with the SEC. 
 1 

PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 Our founders and inspirations 
 We are founded on the legacies of leading vaccine developers who inspire us to build a company to benefit human health on a global scale. Our late co-founder, Dr. Tadataka Tachi Yamada, championed vaccines as a powerful means to address health inequities and equalize opportunity for people around the world. As the former Chief Medical and Scientific Officer at Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited (Takeda Pharmaceuticals), Tachi helped establish Takeda Pharmaceuticals vaccine pipeline, which included the most advanced norovirus vaccine candidate in clinical development. Through his most recent role as a venture partner at Frazier Healthcare Partners (Frazier), he helped Frazier and Takeda Pharmaceuticals launch their third collaboration, HilleVax, to continue the development of this novel norovirus vaccine candidate, HIL-214 (formerly TAK-214). At HilleVax, we aim to continue Tachi s mission of improving global health with a sense of urgency by always putting patients first. 
 Our work, and company name itself, is also inspired by Dr. Maurice Hilleman. Dr. Hilleman is considered by many to be the father of modern vaccines. He developed many of the vaccines that are routinely recommended for children today. By the end of his career, Dr. Hilleman had played a key role in developing more than forty vaccines, including those for the flu, chickenpox, hepatitis A, hepatitis B, pneumococcus, meningococcus, measles, mumps, rubella, and other diseases. These vaccines are estimated to save millions of lives every year. We are honored that his daughter, Jeri Hilleman, serves on our Board of Directors. 
 We aim to have a global impact on human health and believe the best way to achieve this goal is by developing novel vaccines for severe and life-threatening diseases. HIL-214 is our foundational vaccine candidate from which we are building our company. We are honored to continue Dr. Yamada s and Dr. Hilleman s legacies through the further development of HIL-214 and other potential vaccine candidates. 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing novel vaccines. Our initial program, HIL-214, is a virus-like particle (VLP) based vaccine candidate for the prevention of moderate-to-severe acute gastroenteritis (AGE) caused by norovirus infection. It is estimated that norovirus causes nearly 700 million cases of illness and more than 200,000 deaths worldwide per year, as well as significant additional economic and social burden. To date, HIL-214 has been studied in nine clinical trials conducted by Takeda Vaccines, Inc. (Takeda) and its predecessor, LigoCyte Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (LigoCyte), which collectively generated safety data from more than 4,500 subjects and immunogenicity data from more than 2,200 subjects, including safety and immunogenicity data from more than 800 pediatric subjects. A randomized, placebo-controlled Phase 2b field efficacy trial enrolled 4,712 adult subjects, and HIL-214 was well tolerated and demonstrated clinical proof of concept in preventing moderate-to-severe cases of AGE from norovirus infection. In September 2021, an open investigational new drug application (IND) was transferred to us from Takeda, under which we initiated a Phase 2b clinical trial, NEST-IN1 (Norovirus Efficacy and Safety Trial in Infants, or NOR-212), in May 2022 to evaluate the safety, immunogenicity, and efficacy of HIL-214 in infants. In May 2022, we completed enrollment of the prespecified 200 subject run-in for NEST-IN1. We resumed enrollment in NEST-IN1 in August 2022, following the prespecified safety assessment by the clinical trial's data monitoring committee. In December 2022, we reported positive interim immunogenicity results for the first 200 subjects of NEST-IN1. We expect to report top-line safety and clinical efficacy data in the first quarter of 2024. We believe HIL-214 has the potential to be the first ever vaccine approved for norovirus-related illness. 
 Norovirus is the most common cause of viral AGE worldwide and is characterized by diarrhea, vomiting, abdominal pain, nausea, and, sometimes, fever that may lead to clinically significant dehydration. The global cost of norovirus-caused AGE is estimated to be over 4 billion in direct health system costs and approximately 60 billion in societal costs per year. In the United States alone, norovirus-caused AGE is estimated to result in 2 billion in direct medical costs and 10 billion in societal costs per year. While norovirus can cause illness in any age group, the majority of deaths and illnesses due to norovirus are borne by young children and older adults. In children younger than four years of age, norovirus is estimated to cause 95,000 deaths and 450 million illnesses globally each year. Almost all children will experience at least one norovirus infection by the age of five. In the United States, this results in approximately 627,000 outpatient visits, 281,000 emergency room visits and 14,000 hospitalizations each year for children under the age of five. Older adults are also vulnerable to severe norovirus infection given their higher rate of comorbidities, especially if they live in settings conducive to outbreaks, such as assisted living facilities. For adults older than 55 years of age, norovirus is estimated to cause 78,000 deaths and 81 million illnesses globally each year. In the United States, older adults are estimated to 
 2 

account for 17 of illnesses due to norovirus yet comprise 52 of hospitalizations and 94 of deaths. There are currently no approved vaccines or antiviral therapies for either the prevention or treatment of norovirus-related illness. 
 In July 2021, Takeda granted us, among other things, an exclusive license (the Takeda License) under certain intellectual property to develop and commercialize HIL-214 (formerly TAK-214) worldwide (excluding Japan) in exchange for upfront consideration as well as future cash milestones and royalties on net sales. Takeda will retain commercialization rights in Japan, and we will integrate certain Japan development activities into our global development plan. As of March 1, 2023, our intellectual property portfolio for HIL-214 includes 23 issued U.S. patents, including eight issued U.S. composition and formulation patents covering HIL-214 and components thereof, all of which are licensed to us under the Takeda License. 
 HIL-214 is a bivalent (containing two proteins) vaccine candidate consisting of VLPs representing two common genotypes of norovirus and is co-formulated with an aluminum hydroxide (alum) adjuvant, which is commonly used in adult and pediatric vaccines to enhance immunogenicity. Alum may also improve the stability of VLPs in solution. VLPs are self-assembling structures that mimic the unique and repetitive geometric features that characterize the surface of a live virus. VLPs can be produced in a wide range of expression systems and can be readily manufactured at large scale. Importantly, VLPs lack a viral genome and can therefore neither replicate nor cause infection, which may present an important safety advantage over live vaccines. The genotypes represented by the two VLPs in HIL-214 are from the GI and GII genogroups of norovirus, which are responsible for the majority of human norovirus infection. VLP-based vaccines are well-characterized and include currently marketed vaccines, such as Gardasil, Cervarix, and Sci-B-Vac, and have been administered to millions of patients worldwide. 
 HIL-214 has been extensively evaluated in nine Phase 1 and 2 clinical trials conducted by Takeda. Safety data generated across more than 4,500 subjects in these trials showed that HIL-214 was well tolerated across all age groups and had an adverse event (AE) profile similar to that of other approved alum-adjuvanted vaccines. In infants between six weeks and six months of age who received two doses of HIL-214, AEs were largely mild to moderate in intensity, with the most common reactions being fussiness (19-28 ), drowsiness (16-21 ), diarrhea (10-19 ), and pain near the injection site (9-21 in 180 subjects studied. In adults, systemic AEs were found to occur at a rate similar to placebo, with the most common local reaction being pain near the injection site (48 for HIL-214 vs. 38 for placebo) in a safety subset of 377 subjects. In addition, immunogenicity data has been collected in over 2,200 subjects. HIL-214 was found to induce antibody responses greater than eight-fold above baseline at least 28 days post vaccination against norovirus in all age groups. An extensive set of clinical dose finding and formulation studies were conducted to evaluate the immune response across age groups and between the two VLPs contained in HIL-214. In a clinical trial of military recruits, in which 4,712 subjects were administered HIL-214 or placebo, HIL-214 demonstrated an estimated 80 efficacy in preventing AGE caused by norovirus strains represented in our vaccine candidate and 62 efficacy for AGE caused by any norovirus strain (including those not represented in HIL-214) in the first 45 days post vaccination. We believe this trial demonstrated clinical proof of concept and protection against strains not included in the vaccine (i.e., heterotypic or cross-protection). 
 Our near-term clinical development plan is focused on infants, a population in which norovirus is routinely circulating and infections are common. We initiated a Phase 2b clinical trial, NEST-IN1, in May 2022 to evaluate the safety, immunogenicity, and efficacy of HIL-214 in infants. In May 2022, we completed enrollment of the prespecified 200 subject run-in for NEST-IN1. We resumed enrollment in NEST-IN1 in August 2022, following the prespecified safety assessment by the clinical trial's data monitoring committee. In December 2022, we reported positive interim immunogenicity results for the first 200 subjects of NEST-IN1. We expect to report top-line safety and clinical efficacy data for this trial in the first quarter of 2024. While Takeda previously conducted both Phase 1 and 2 clinical trials of HIL-214, we have not previously completed any clinical trials. After conclusion of the Phase 2b trial in infants, we plan to proceed to a pivotal Phase 3 efficacy trial in infants. We believe that successful completion of these Phase 2b and Phase 3 trials, together with existing clinical data and additional co-administration trials with other common pediatric vaccines and lot-to-lot consistency trials, will support regulatory submissions for marketing approval in the United States, Europe, Japan, and other key markets. We also expect these data to be evaluated by the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP), an advisory body of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) which develops vaccine recommendations for children and adults in the United States. New pediatric vaccines that receive a preferred recommendation from ACIP are nearly universally adopted in the United States, with many reaching national immunization rates of over 90 . In addition, depending upon the results from our Phase 2b trial in infants, we also plan to initiate a series of trials to support the potential approval of HIL-214 for older children, adults, and older adults. 
 The global vaccine market is estimated to be over 50 billion in 2020 and is expected to exceed 100 billion by 2027. While there are currently no approved vaccines for the prevention of norovirus-related illness, we believe there are market analogues that we can use to estimate the size of the commercial opportunity for HIL-214. In the pediatric market, we believe that rotavirus vaccines are the closest analogue to HIL-214. Rotavirus was the leading cause of pediatric viral AGE before the introduction of the rotavirus vaccines, Rotarix and RotaTeq. These vaccines, approved only in infants, are now widely adopted worldwide, with many countries achieving vaccination rates above 80 among one-year-olds. 
 3 

Rotavirus vaccines generated approximately 1.5 billion in global sales in 2021. In the older adult market, we believe that Shingrix, a vaccine developed by GlaxoSmithKline to prevent shingles, is an analogue for HIL-214 due to the similarities in morbidity, mortality and economic burden between shingles and norovirus each before the introduction of a vaccine. Shingrix generated 2.3 billion in sales in 2021. Furthermore, we believe that there is a commercial opportunity in other groups at high risk for norovirus infection, such as healthcare workers, immunocompromised individuals, military personnel, food handlers, and travelers, including cruise ship passengers. 
 Our pipeline 
 The following chart summarizes our current development programs. 
 
 Our strategy 
 Our goal is to be a leader in the development and commercialization of novel vaccines. Our strategy is initially focused on the development and commercialization of HIL-214 as the first potential vaccine for the prevention of AGE caused by norovirus infection. Key elements of this strategy include: 
 Advance the clinical development of HIL-214 for the prevention of norovirus-caused AGE in infants. We are leveraging the extensive clinical data as well as our management team s vaccine development experience to advance HIL-214 through Phase 2b and 3 clinical trials in infants. We believe that initial development of HIL-214 in infants will de-risk its advancement given the endemic nature of disease in this population, which allows for rapid case accrual, and the lack of pre-existing immunity to norovirus, which may enhance the ability to show the effect of a vaccine. We initiated a Phase 2b clinical trial, NEST-IN1, in May 2022 to evaluate the safety, immunogenicity, and efficacy of HIL-214 in infants. In May 2022, we completed enrollment of the prespecified 200 subject run-in for NEST-IN1. We resumed enrollment in NEST-IN1 in August 2022, following the prespecified safety assessment by the clinical trial's data monitoring committee. In December 2022, we reported positive interim immunogenicity results for the first 200 subjects of NEST-IN1. We expect to report top-line safety and clinical efficacy data for this trial in the first quarter of 2024. Pending the successful completion of the ongoing NEST-IN1 trial in infants, we plan to proceed to a pivotal Phase 3 efficacy trial in infants. 

Expand the development of HIL-214 to older populations and other high-risk groups. Given the vulnerability of older adults to norovirus infection, we plan to expand the development of HIL-214 to adults older than 60 years of age. We also plan to expand the development of HIL-214 to older children and adults to cover other high-risk populations such as healthcare workers, immunocompromised individuals, military personnel, food handlers, and travelers, including cruise ship passengers. 

Commercialize HIL-214 in the United States. We plan to independently commercialize HIL-214, if approved, in the United States by building a highly-targeted sales force to support the adoption of HIL-214. We also plan to seek a preferred recommendation from ACIP to facilitate the broad uptake of HIL-214. 

Seek commercial partnerships to maximize the HIL-214 opportunity outside of the United States. We believe there is a significant global commercial opportunity for HIL-214. To address geographies outside of the 

4 

United States, we plan to seek one or more partners with existing commercial infrastructure and expertise in these markets. 

Pursue expansion strategies for HIL-214. We plan to support alternative formulations or combinations where there is clear unmet need, clinical rationale, and commercial justification. We also plan to further expand the breadth of coverage for our norovirus vaccine through the addition of new norovirus strains to cover relevant or emerging genotypes as needed. 

In-license or acquire additional products or technology platforms relevant to the prevention of other infectious diseases. We intend to take advantage of our management team s vaccine expertise and extensive business development experience to opportunistically in-license or acquire additional innovative vaccines or technology platforms. 

Overview of norovirus 
 Overview 
 Norovirus is the most common cause of viral AGE. AGE is characterized by acute-onset vomiting and diarrhea, typically lasting between one and three days, that may be accompanied by abdominal cramps, nausea, and fever. Most infections result in a full recovery, although severe outcomes such as hospitalization and death are more common among young children and older adults. Given that there are no antiviral therapies available to treat norovirus infections, clinical management is focused on supportive care to prevent dehydration and manage symptoms. 
 The burden of norovirus falls disproportionately on young children and older adults. Incidence of norovirus is highest among young children, with 70 of cases in children under four years of age occurring between six months and two years of age. As a result, almost all children will have experienced at least one norovirus infection by the age of five. While incidence is lower among older adults, norovirus illnesses are more likely to result in lingering symptoms, hospitalization, and death in this population. Older adults are also more likely to be found in high risk settings for norovirus outbreaks, such as long-term care facilities and hospitals. Other high-risk groups for norovirus infection include healthcare workers, immuno-compromised individuals, military personnel, food handlers, and travelers, including cruise ship passengers. Globally, norovirus is estimated to result in over approximately 700 million cases of AGE and 200,000 deaths per year, resulting in over 4 billion in direct health system costs and 60 billion in societal costs per year. In the United States alone, norovirus is estimated to result in over 20 million cases of AGE, resulting in over 2 billion in direct medical costs, and 10 billion in indirect societal costs, per year. In addition, outbreaks of norovirus at restaurant chains, cruise ships, and in other industries have caused significant industry disruptions and reputational damage to the affected brands. 
 
 Genogroups and genotypes 
 Noroviruses are a group of small, non-enveloped viruses belonging to the Caliciviridae family. Noroviruses contain a single-stranded positive-sense RNA genome that codes for seven nonstructural and two structural proteins. The first structural protein, VP1, encodes the major capsid protein. VP1 is further subdivided into the N-terminal, shell, and 
 5 

protruding domains. The protruding domain of VP1 is present on the surface of viral particles and is necessary for binding to HBGAs on epithelial cells in the human gastrointestinal tract. 
 Noroviruses are classified into ten genetic groups called genogroups. These genogroups, GI through GX, are based on amino acid diversity in the major capsid protein VP1. Genogroups GI and GII are responsible for the majority of human infections across major geographies worldwide, with GII accounting for an estimated 96 of global prevalence. Norovirus genogroups are further subdivided into at least 48 genotypes: 9 genotypes in GI, 26 genotypes in GII, and 13 genotypes in GIII through GX. A single genotype, GII.4, is estimated to be responsible for nearly two-thirds of norovirus outbreaks in both developed and developing countries. GII.4 has been the dominant genotype in circulation for the last two decades, and of the GII.4 strains, GII.4 Sydney 2012 has been the predominant variant detected worldwide since 2012. In addition to causing the majority of norovirus infections, hospitalizations and deaths were more likely in outbreaks associated with GII.4 viruses. 
 
 Norovirus attachment and entry 
 Norovirus entry into host cells is a multi-step process. The first step is norovirus binding to attachment factors that concentrate the virus on the cell surface. The most well-characterized attachment factors are HBGAs. HBGAs are units of simple sugar that are bonded together, or oligosaccharides, found on the epithelia of the respiratory, genitourinary, and digestive tracts, as well as in body fluids such as blood and saliva. The interaction between norovirus and HBGAs is known to promote viral entry into host cells, and this interaction is supported by population genetics. Specifically, individuals with mutations in the FUT2 gene, which is required for secretion of HBGAs, are highly resistant to infection by GI.1 and most GII.4 norovirus strains. Approximately 20 of Caucasians lack a functional FUT2 gene. Given the importance of HBGAs for norovirus attachment and cell entry, measurement of HBGA-blocking antibodies is the primary functional method used to assess the immunogenicity of norovirus vaccine candidates. We believe that data from our ongoing and planned clinical trials of HIL-214 will help determine whether anti-HBGA antibodies are an appropriate surrogate for evaluating norovirus vaccine efficacy. 
 The next step for norovirus entry is receptor engagement. Receptors are essential host factors that bind to the norovirus particle and actively promote entry into the cell. The receptor(s) for human norovirus are currently unknown. The last steps for norovirus entry are cell entry, or endocytosis, and uncoating, which results in release of the viral genome into the host cytoplasm. New norovirus particles are then produced and released via cell lysis, which results in inflammation of the stomach or intestines, the underlying pathology of AGE. 
 6 

Clinical presentation and management 
 Clinical presentation of norovirus infections can range widely, from asymptomatic infections to life-threatening dehydration and diarrhea. Asymptomatic cases are estimated to account for 30 of norovirus infections. For a symptomatic case, the illness typically begins after an incubation period of 12 to 48 hours and is characterized by acute-onset vomiting and diarrhea that may be accompanied by abdominal cramps, nausea, and fever. Other symptoms, including muscle pain, malaise, headache, and chills, can also occur. The duration of clinical symptoms is typically 12 to 72 hours in otherwise healthy individuals. The most serious complication is severe dehydration leading to hypovolemic shock, which occurs when the body loses more than one-fifth of its fluid supply. Hypovolemic shock makes it difficult for the heart to pump sufficient blood to the body and can lead to organ failure, coma, and death. Severe outcomes of acute AGE as a result of norovirus infection, such as hospitalization and death, are more likely among young children, older adults, and immunocompromised patients. 
 There are currently no antiviral therapies available to treat norovirus infection. Clinical management is focused on supportive therapy to prevent dehydration. First line therapy is comprised of oral rehydration solutions, followed by intravenous rehydration for patients with profuse vomiting or worsening dehydration that could lead to hypovolemic shock. Medicines to relieve pain, nausea, or vomiting can also be used. 
 Transmission and prevention 
 Norovirus is highly transmissible, with as few as 18 viral particles needed to make a person sick. For context, a single gram of feces can contain up to 95 billion particles of norovirus. A systematic review of norovirus outbreak data in the United States from 2009-2017 reported a median R0 (a measure of the average number of people who will contract a viral disease from one infected person) of 2.75, but this number is likely to be a lower bound for norovirus globally given generally high sanitation rates and comparatively easy access to clean food and water in the United States compared to other nations with higher burden of norovirus infection. For context, seasonal strains of influenza in the United States tend to have R0 values between 1 and 2. 
 There are three general modes of norovirus transmission: person-to-person, foodborne, and waterborne. Person-to-person transmission occurs mainly through the fecal-oral route and potentially through aerosolized vomitus. Viral shedding in stool can also occur before the onset of symptoms and continue up to eight weeks after a person has been infected, leading to secondary transmission rates, defined as the probability that some or all family members also become infected, of up to 30 . Person-to-person transmission can also occur indirectly through contaminated fomites, such as clothes and utensils, or through environmental surfaces. Foodborne transmission typically occurs by exposure to infected food handlers, although exposure to human waste further upstream in the food distribution system is also a possibility. For example, oysters filter ocean water through their bodies to get food and will absorb viral particulates when exposed to untreated human waste, which can make its way into ocean water in the case of leaky septic systems and/or 
 7 

dysfunctional waste-water treatment plants. Waterborne transmission can occur through the failure to properly chlorinate municipal water or through the contamination of well water with human waste. Norovirus outbreaks can occur throughout the year, although increased activity is observed in the winter months. 
 Preventing the spread of norovirus is challenging. The virus can persist on environmental surfaces such as utensils and countertops for up to two weeks. Norovirus can remain infectious on foods that are frozen and until heated above 140 F. Furthermore, alcohol-based hand sanitizers are not as effective at removing norovirus particles as washing hands with soap and water, and their use in place of hand washing is associated with a greater risk for norovirus outbreaks in long-term care facilities. This resistance to common disinfectants appears to be unique to norovirus, as there have not been similar reports of outbreaks associated with the use of hand sanitizers in lieu of handwashing for other common viruses. The CDC recommends four strategies to help prevent the transmission of norovirus: proper hand hygiene, safe food handling, isolation while sick, and surface decontamination. Hand hygiene with running water and soap is viewed as the most effective method to control norovirus transmission. Fruit and vegetables should be carefully washed before eating, and affected individuals should refrain from preparing food for others for up to two days after symptoms stop. Furthermore, kitchen surfaces and frequently touched objects should be sanitized using chlorine-based disinfectants such as bleach. In the event of an outbreak in a high transmission environment like a cruise ship, nursing home, daycare, or hospital ward, a full decontamination procedure must be performed in order minimize the risk of additional spread. 
 Burden in young children 
 Norovirus routinely circulates among young children, a mode of transmission categorized as endemic. Although norovirus can infect all age groups, the incidence of norovirus is highest among young children. The GII genogroup is the dominant source of infection in children, accounting for 96 of all sporadic infections, and the GII.4 genotype, in particular, accounts for 70 of detected genotypes. The consistent dominance of GII.4 in circulation over more than two decades, particularly among children, highlights the importance of vaccination efforts to be directed against this strain. 
 Most infections are completely resolved, resulting in a full recovery, although severe outcomes such as hospitalization and death are more common among young children when considering global burden. In both high- and middle-income countries with mature rotavirus vaccination programs, norovirus is now the most common cause of pediatric gastroenteritis requiring medical care. In the United States, norovirus is estimated to result in 627,000 outpatient visits, 281,000 emergency room visits, and 14,000 hospitalizations each year for children under the age of five. Globally, norovirus is estimated to result in 450 million illnesses and 95,000 deaths annually for children under the age of four, resulting in a total societal cost of approximately 39 billion. In the United States alone, norovirus is estimated to result in 2.8 million illnesses annually in children under the age of four, resulting in a total societal cost of approximately 1.2 billion. 
 For comparison, norovirus today has a similar morbidity, mortality, and economic burden in children as rotavirus did before the introduction of rotavirus vaccines. Prior to rotavirus vaccines becoming available, rotavirus was estimated to result in 2.7 million illnesses each year in children under the age of five in the United States, resulting in a total societal cost of approximately 1.5 billion. Today, rotavirus vaccines are estimated to avert 280,000 outpatient visits, 62,000 emergency room visits, and 45,000 hospitalizations each year in the United States. When considering all age groups, the overall burden of norovirus is greater than that of rotavirus. 
 Further, norovirus today has a greater morbidity, mortality, and economic burden than shingles did before the introduction of shingles vaccines. Prior to shingles vaccines becoming available, shingles was estimated to result in 1 million illnesses, 46,000 hospitalizations, and 80 deaths each year among adults over 50 years of age in the United States, for a total societal cost of 2.4 billion. In comparison, norovirus results in 22 million illnesses, 96,000 hospitalizations, and 1,350 deaths each year among all age groups in the United States, for a total societal cost of 10 billion. 
 8 

Burden in older adults 
 Adults older than 65 are another high-risk group for norovirus infections. In the United States, older adults are estimated to account for 17 of illnesses due to norovirus yet comprise 52 of hospitalizations and 94 of deaths. Symptoms are often more severe in this age group and include diarrhea lasting up to nine days and headache, thirst, and vertigo lasting up to 19 days. Older adults are also more likely to be found in certain settings vulnerable to norovirus outbreaks. Long-term care facilities (LTCFs) are the most commonly reported location for norovirus outbreaks, with an estimated 8 17 of LTCFs experiencing an outbreak each year. Hospitals are another common setting for norovirus outbreaks. After admittance to a hospital, older adults are more likely to acquire a norovirus infection than younger hospitalized patients. In the United States, norovirus is estimated to result in 3.7 million illnesses, 380,000 outpatient visits, 50,000 hospitalizations, and 1,250 deaths annually for adults over 65. Globally, norovirus is estimated to result in 81 million illnesses and 78,000 deaths annually for adults older than 55. 
 Burden in other high-risk groups 
 In addition to young children and older adults, there are other groups that are at high risk for norovirus infection. These include healthcare workers, immunocompromised individuals, military personnel, food handlers, and travelers, including cruise ship passengers. More than 100 outbreaks of norovirus have been described in military units since 1988, reducing operational effectiveness and staff availability for duties. Food handlers are another source of concern. Given the small amount of virus needed for infection, a single individual can be responsible for widespread virus transmission. For example, a norovirus outbreak in 2006 resulting in at least 350 gastroenteritis cases was linked to a single food handler. Another series of high-profile outbreaks occurred at Chipotle restaurants between 2015 and 2018, where 1,100 patrons fell ill after eating at various locations of the chain restaurant. This outbreak resulted in the largest fine in food safety in U.S. history. Travelers are another high-risk group, with more than 20 of travelers with diarrheal symptoms testing positive for norovirus. Cruise ships present a high risk of norovirus outbreaks due to their ideal conditions for transmission: common sources for food and drinks, a semi-closed environment, and older adult passengers that may be more vulnerable to infections and complications arising from gastroenteritis. Outbreaks on cruise ships can be quite severe with infection rates for passengers ranging from 19 to 74 . The CDC reported 84 outbreaks of norovirus on cruise ships between 2010 and 2019. 
 Our solution: HIL-214 
 HIL-214 is a bivalent vaccine candidate in development for the prevention of moderate-to-severe AGE caused by norovirus infection. HIL-214 consists of VLPs which are designed to mimic the structure of norovirus and are co-formulated with an alum adjuvant to enhance immunogenicity and stability of the VLPs in solution. HIL-214 is administered intramuscularly via prefilled syringes and has demonstrated stability at standard refrigeration temperatures of 4 C for 24 months. 
 VLP technology 
 VLPs are self-assembling structures that mimic the unique and repetitive geometric features that characterize the surface of a live virus. VLPs can be produced using a common range of expression systems, including bacterial, mammalian, or insect cells, and can present a conformationally correct representation of the virus capsid to the immune system. As a result, VLPs can be readily manufactured in cell culture at large scale and offer a highly immunogenic vaccine template. 
 9 

Importantly, VLPs lack a viral genome and can therefore neither replicate nor cause infection, which may provide an important safety advantage over live vaccines. 
 There is ample precedent for the development of safe and effective vaccines that leverage VLP technology. Gardasil, a commercially available vaccine for human papillomavirus (HPV) developed by Merck, consists of recombinant VLPs self-assembled from the capsid protein of HPV types 6, 11, 16, and 18. A subsequent iteration of the product, known as Gardasil9, added five additional VLPs to its formulation to cover HPV types 31, 33, 45, 52, and 58. Other commercially available VLP vaccines include Cervarix, an HPV vaccine manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline, and Sci-B-Vac, an HBV vaccine developed by VBI Vaccines. There are also a number of VLP vaccines in clinical development for H1N1, HIV, malaria, respiratory syncytial virus, human metapneumovirus, and COVID-19, among other indications. Vaccines that employ VLP technology have been given to millions of patients worldwide. 
 HIL-214 construct 
 HIL-214 includes VLPs representing the two genogroups of norovirus responsible for the majority of human infection: GI and GII. Our G1.1 Norwalk VLP was selected based on its potential to promote a broad immune response to GI norovirus strains. In an independent study, infection of human volunteers with GI.1 Norwalk virus resulted in a broad antibody response against GI.1, GI.2, GI.3, and GI.4 strains. Our GII.4 VLP is a consensus sequence of three GII.4 strains that were responsible for major outbreaks in 2002 and 2006: GII.4 Houston/2002, GII.4 Yerseke/2006a, and GII.4 Den Haag/2006b. The GII.4 genotype accounts for two-thirds of norovirus outbreaks worldwide and its prevalence is attributed to its ability to rapidly evolve, with novel variants emerging every two to four years that may evade immunity in the human population. We believe that presenting epitopes from three GII.4 strains on our GII.4 VLP will result in a broader response to GII.4 strains than a VLP presenting a single strain. Sera from adult subjects vaccinated with HIL-214 have been shown to generate antibody titers against a broad range of GI and GII norovirus genogroups. Specifically, HIL-214 resulted in a greater than fourfold rise in antibodies against multiple GI strains (GI.1, GI.5, GI.6) and GII.4 strains (2002, 2006a, 2006b, 2009, 2012). The observation that HIL-214 induced antibodies against GII.4 strains that have emerged after the formulation of our vaccine candidate (GII.4 New Orleans 2009 and GII.4 Sydney 2012) suggests that our GII.4 VLP may protect against newly emerging strains in the future. 
 HIL-214 also includes aluminum hydroxide (Alhydrogel 2 or alum) as an adjuvant. Alum is the predominant adjuvant used in human vaccines and is a common component of several pediatric vaccines, including those for pneumococcus, diphtheria-tetanus-pertussis (DTaP), Hepatitis A, Hepatitis B and HPV. 
 10 

HIL-214 clinical data 
 Overview 
 HIL-214 has been the subject of nine Phase 1 and Phase 2 clinical trials prior to the initiation of the NEST-IN1 trial, including more than 4,500 subjects of which more than 2,200 subjects have been evaluated for immunogenicity. These subjects have ranged from 6 weeks to 102 years old. An overview of the clinical trials conducted to date by Takeda and its predecessor, LigoCyte Pharmaceuticals, Inc., is tabulated below: 
 
 Dose finding and formulation trials in infants and children 
 A Phase 2 dose finding and formulation trial has been conducted in infants and children for HIL-214. Based on the results from this trial, in addition to considerations around disease burden and maternal antibody concentrations, we have selected the following dose and schedule to continue to evaluate HIL-214 in infants: two doses of 50/150 g GI.1/GII.4 
 11 

with 500 g alum given at approximately 5 months of age at the time of the first dose. Further details on this trial are summarized below. 
 NOR-202 A Phase 2 safety, immunogenicity, and dose finding trial of HIL-214 in infants and children between the ages of 6 weeks and 9 years old. The trial enrolled 840 subjects in Colombia, Panama, and Finland into two cohorts. The first cohort was aged 6 months to 9 years old and received one or two doses of one of four potential HIL-214 formulations containing either 15/15, 15/50, 50/50, or 50/150 g of the GI.1/GII.4 VLP combination and 500 g of alum at least 28 days apart. The second cohort was aged 6 weeks to 6 months old and received two or three doses of one of the four potential HIL-214 formulations. All dosages of HIL-214 were generally well tolerated with no AEs related to HIL-214 leading to study withdrawal. All HIL-214 formulations were found to be immunogenic in each pediatric age group as measured by HBGA blocking titers. In children between 6 weeks and 6 months of age, both the two- and three-dose regimens of the 50/150 g formulation of HIL-214 were found to be immunogenic. In children between 6 and 12 months of age, two doses of the 50/150 g formulation of HIL-214 were found to be more immunogenic than one dose. 

Dose finding and formulation trials in adults 
 Four dose finding and formulation trials have been conducted in adults for HIL-214. Based on the results of these trials, we selected a single dose of 15/50 g GI.1/GII.4 VLP combination with 500 g alum to continue to evaluate HIL-214 in adults. Further details on these trials are summarized below. 
 LV03-104 A Phase 1, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled age- and dose-escalation trial to evaluate the safety and immunogenicity of HIL-214 or saline placebo in 102 adults aged 18 to 85 years old. Forty-eight subjects aged 18 to 49 years old received either two doses of HIL-214 containing GI.1 and GII.4 VLPs (5, 15, 50, or 150 g of each VLP) or two doses of placebo administered 4 weeks apart. Subsequently, 54 adults aged 18 to 85 years old received two doses of HIL-214 containing 50 g of each VLP. At all tested dose levels, the vaccine was generally well tolerated and immunogenic as measured by pan-IG, class-specific IgG, and HBGA blocking titers. One dose of vaccine containing 50 g of each VLP increased GI.1 antibody levels by 118-fold and GII.4 antibody levels by 49-fold in subjects aged 18 to 49 years old. Local reactions were mainly tenderness (71 and injection site pain (68 in the 66 subjects who received HIL-214, with no reported fever or vaccine-related serious AEs. A second dose at day 28 provided no apparent improvement in immunogenicity across any of the age groups. The sample size was chosen to obtain indications of safety, reactogenicity, and immune response data but was not powered for statistical significance. 
 NOR-107 A Phase 2, randomized, double-blind trial to evaluate the safety, immunogenicity, dose, and adjuvant justification of HIL-214 in 420 healthy adults aged 18 to 64 years old. One or two doses of HIL-214 were administered 28 
 12 

days apart in a factorial design testing combination of 15, 50 or 150 g of each VLP with 0, 15 or 50 g of monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL) and 167 or 500 g of alum. For subjects receiving a single dose of HIL-214, a hepatitis A vaccine (Havrix) was given as a control to maintain the blinding. The trial demonstrated that the adjuvant MPL did not significantly improve immunogenicity, and that seroresponse rates (the percentage of subjects with a greater than four-fold rise in antibody levels) were greater with 500 g of alum than with 167 g of alum. The most common AEs were injection site pain (46 ), headache (18 ), and fatigue (14 in the 420 subjects studied, with no vaccine-related serious AEs reported. The study also showed that a second dose of the 15/50 g GI.1/GII.4 formulation provided no apparent improvement in immunogenicity. This study was powered for statistical significance. 
 NOR-201 A Phase 2, randomized, double-blind trial to evaluate the safety and immunogenicity of HIL-214 in 454 adults aged 18 to 49 years old. Enrolled subjects were randomly assigned among three groups receiving one dose of saline placebo or HIL-214 containing either 15/50 or 50/50 g GI.1/GII.4 VLP combinations adjuvanted with 50 g of MPL and 500 g of alum. Both HIL-214 formulations were well tolerated and immunogenic, although GII.4 responses were higher with the 15/50 VLP combination (although the difference did not reach statistical significance). The most common AEs were pain near the injection site (69 and muscle pain (22 in the 299 subjects who received HIL-214, with no vaccine-related serious AEs reported. The results from this trial suggest that the 15/50 g dose may be the optimal formulation to evaluate in adults. The sample size was chosen to provide a clinical database to support initiation of larger Phase 2 and 3 studies but was not powered for statistical significance. 
 NOR-204 A Phase 2, randomized, double-blind trial to evaluate the safety, immunogenicity, dose formulation, and dose regimen of HIL-214 in 320 healthy adults aged 18 to over 85 years old. Older adults were stratified into three groups of 60-74 years, 75-84 years and greater than 85 years. A cohort of younger adults of 18 to 49 years was enrolled for comparison. One or two doses of HIL-214 were administered in a 15/50 g GI.1/GII.4 VLP combination adjuvanted with 500 g alum with or without 50 g of MPL. For subjects receiving a single dose of HIL-214, a saline placebo was given as a control to maintain the blinding. The most common AEs were injection site pain (33 and fatigue (12 in the 73 subjects studied, with no vaccine-related serious AEs reported. The results of this trial suggest that there was no statistically significant benefit of either MPL or a second dose on immunogenicity, and further, suggested that the formulation of 15/50 g GI.1/GII.4 VLP combination and 500 g alum may be the optimal formulation to evaluate in adults. The trial also found that the antibody response in each of the older age groups was similar to that in the young adult age group. This study was powered for statistical significance. 
 Efficacy trials in adults 
 Proof-of-concept of the efficacy of HIL-214 in adults has been demonstrated across three clinical trials: two Phase 1/2 challenge trials and a Phase 2b field efficacy trial. Further details on these trials are summarized below. 
 Challenge trial (LV01-103) A Phase 1/2, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial to evaluate the efficacy of an intranasal GI.1 VLP vaccine candidate after challenge with a live, vaccine-matched GI.1 norovirus strain in 98 healthy adults aged 18 and 50 years old. The vaccine formulation used in the trial contained 100 g of GI.1 VLP and was adjuvanted with chitosan and MPL. Subjects were randomized to receive either two doses of saline placebo or GI.1 vaccine delivered intranasally three weeks apart. Subjects were then challenged with a live GI.1 virus to test the effect of vaccination on norovirus infection and disease. Vaccination significantly reduced the frequency of GI.1 infection (occurring in 61 in vaccine recipients vs. 82 in placebo recipients, p = 0.05). Vaccination also significantly reduced the frequency of GI.1 virus gastroenteritis (occurring in 37 of vaccine recipients vs. 69 of placebo recipients, p = 0.006). Furthermore, disease severity was significantly reduced as measured by modified Vesikari score, which is a validated common metric for rating the severity of gastroenteritis symptoms based on a scale of 20 (3.6 for vaccine recipients vs. 5.5 for placebo recipients, p = 0.009). 
 13 

A p-value is the probability that the reported result was achieved purely by chance, such that a p-value of less than or equal to 0.05 means that there is a less than or equal to 5 probability that the difference between the control group and the treatment group is purely due to chance. A p-value of 0.05 or less typically represents a statistically significant result. The United States Food and Drug Administration s (FDA s) evidentiary standard when evaluating the results of a clinical trial generally relies on a p-value of less than or equal to 0.05. 
 Challenge trial (LV03-105) A Phase 1/2, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial to evaluate the efficacy of HIL-214 after challenge with a live, GII.4 norovirus strain. The HIL-214 formulation used in the trial contained a 50/50 g ratio of GI.1 and GII.4 VLPs and was adjuvanted with 500 g of alum and 50 g MPL. Subjects were between 18 and 50 years of age and received two doses of either saline placebo or GI.1/GII.4 vaccine intramuscularly four weeks apart. Subjects were then challenged with a live GII.4 virus to test the effect of vaccination on norovirus infection or disease. HIL-214 led to a significant reduction in the severity of vomiting or diarrhea by subject assessment (20 in vaccine recipients vs. 42 in placebo recipients, p = 0.028). HIL-214 also led to a significant reduction in disease severity as measured by modified Vesikari score (4.5 in vaccine recipients vs. 7.3 in placebo recipients, p = 0.002). The results of this trial showed a directional, albeit not statistically significant, reduction in frequency of AGE (26 vs. 33 and infection (54 vs. 63 for the HIL-214 group relative to the placebo group after challenge. We believe the lack of statistical significance was potentially due to a lower than expected infection and illness rate; only 57 of the 98 subjects were successfully infected with norovirus which lowered the statistical power for the study. 
 
 Field efficacy trial (NOR-211) A Phase 2b, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial to evaluate the efficacy of HIL-214 to prevent norovirus infection and moderate-to-severe AGE in the field setting. The trial was conducted in U.S. military recruits at a single base in Great Lakes, Illinois over the course of two winter seasons (2016 2018). In total, 4,712 subjects aged 18-49 years old were enrolled in the trial and received one dose of either saline placebo or HIL-214 (15/50 g of GI.1/GII.4 with 500 g of alum as an adjuvant). The primary endpoint of the NOR-211 trial was the efficacy of a single dose of HIL-214 compared to placebo to prevent cases of moderate to severe AGE due to infection by genotype matched norovirus strains represented in the vaccine (i.e., GI.1 or GII.4). The low attack rate of norovirus strains represented in the vaccine resulted in insufficient cases to assess the primary endpoint. Thirty vaccine-matched AGE cases were required to provide 80 statistical power to detect 70 vaccine efficacy; however, only 6 vaccine-matched cases occurred during the trial. Of those 6 cases, 5 were in the placebo group, corresponding to 80 vaccine efficacy for genotype matched cases of AGE (p=0.1417). On account of this lower than anticipated attack rate of GI.1 and GII.4, the statistical analysis plan was amended prior to locking the database and unblinding the trial. While only 6 vaccine-matched 
 14 

AGE cases caused by GII.4 were observed, a total of 36 AGE cases caused by any norovirus genotype was observed, which was a sufficient number to evaluate the secondary endpoint of HIL-214 against moderate-to-severe AGE due to norovirus infection irrespective of genotype. Of those 36 cases, 26 were in the placebo group, corresponding to 62 vaccine efficacy (p = 0.0097) for any norovirus genotype, including those not included in HIL-214. In sum, this trial provided statistically significant evidence of heterotypic protection against at least one non-vaccine norovirus strain (GII.2). This trial also provided encouraging evidence of protection against vaccine-matched strains. 
 
 One potential explanation for the cross-protection observed in this trial is that HIL-214 may have induced cross-reactive antibodies against GII.2 viruses (evidence of heterotypic protection). In support of this hypothesis, HIL-214 was found to induce both binding and HBGA-blocking antibodies against GII.2 VLPs. 
 Safety results in infants and children 
 Safety data for HIL-214 in infants and children were collected for over 800 subjects in NOR-202, a Phase 2 safety, immunogenicity and dose finding trial. This trial demonstrated that all doses of HIL-214 were well tolerated, and there were no HIL-214-related AEs leading to trial withdrawal. AEs were largely mild to moderate in intensity and tended to subside in 3 to 4 days. In children between 6 weeks to 6 months of age who received two doses of HIL-214, the most common reactions were irritability / fussiness (19 28 ), drowsiness (16 21 ), pain near the injection site (9 21 ), and diarrhea (10 19 in the 180 subjects studied. In children between 6 months and 9 years of age who received two doses of HIL-214, the most common reactions were pain near the injection site (21 33 ), fatigue (16 24 ), headache (14 21 ), and irritability / fussiness (10 20 in the 238 subjects studied. A comparison of the reactogenicity of HIL-214 to other common pediatric vaccinations is tabulated below. These data are presented for informational purposes only, as the comparison in the table below is not based on head-to-head clinical studies and these data may not be comparable due to differences in trial designs and populations studied. 
 15 

Safety in adults 
 Safety data for HIL-214 in adults have been collected for over 4,000 subjects across seven clinical trials. These trials have demonstrated that HIL-214 was well tolerated, and there were no HIL-214-related AEs leading to trial withdrawal. In the NOR-211 field efficacy trial of military recruits, the most common reaction was pain near the injection site with a mean duration of 2 days (48 for HIL-214 vs. 38 for placebo) in a safety subset of 377 subjects. Systemic AEs were found to occur at a similar rate to placebo (56 for HIL-214 vs. 60 for placebo). 
 
 Safety data for HIL-214 in older adults (>60 years old) have also been collected for 294 subjects in NOR-204, a Phase 2 safety, immunogenicity, and dose finding trial. This study found that local AEs were mostly mild in intensity and injection-site pain was the most frequently reported symptom. In addition to these completed trials, a Phase 2 trial is currently ongoing to evaluate the long-term safety and immunogenicity of HIL-214 in 528 subjects between 18 and 85 years of age up to 5 years post vaccination (NOR-213). Interim data from this study have shown no vaccine-related serious AEs reported and maintenance of antibody levels above baseline at 3 years post vaccination. A comparison of the reactogenicity of HIL-214 to other common adult vaccinations is tabulated below. These data are presented for informational purposes only, as the comparison in the table below is not based on head-to-head clinical studies and these data may not be comparable due to differences in trial designs and populations studied. 
 16 

Our clinical program in infants 
 Phase 2b infant efficacy trial (NEST-IN1) 
 We plan to build on the extensive clinical data generated to date through conduct of our ongoing clinical trial in infants. We believe that initial development of HIL-214 in infants will de-risk its development given the endemic nature of disease in this population, which allows for rapid case accrual and enrollment of subjects without pre-existing immunity to norovirus. 
 In May 2022, we initiated our ongoing NEST-IN1 Phase 2b clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy, safety and immunogenicity of HIL-214 in approximately 3,000 infants. This clinical trial is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial in infants of approximately 5 months of age at time of initial vaccination at sites in the United States and Latin America. We believe approximately 5 months of age is the optimum time to begin immunization as it is prior to the sharp increase in incidence of norovirus that begins at 6 months of age and coincides with the waning of maternal antibodies to norovirus. Subjects are randomized 1:1 to receive either HIL-214 or placebo. In the vaccine arm, subjects received HIL-214 (50/150 g GI.1/GII.4 VLP combination with 500 g alum) in a two-dose regimen delivered 28 to 56 days apart. In the control arm, subjects received saline placebo at the corresponding timepoints. The dosage and scheduling were based on learnings from the NOR-202 Phase 2 trial. The primary objective of NEST-IN1 is to evaluate the protective efficacy of HIL-214 against moderate or severe AGE events associated with GI.1 or GII.4 norovirus strains (excluding certain co-infections) during a pre-determined surveillance period that begins one month after the administration of the second dose of HIL-214. A key secondary endpoint is the evaluation of the protective efficacy of HIL-214 against any GI or GII norovirus strain. Other secondary endpoints include the evaluation of safety and immunogenicity of HIL-214. 
 In May 2022, we completed enrollment of the prespecified 200 subject run-in for NEST-IN1. We resumed enrollment in NEST-IN1 in August 2022, following the prespecified safety assessment by the clinical trial's data monitoring committee. In December 2022, we reported positive interim immunogenicity results for the first 200 subjects of NEST-IN1. We expect to report top-line safety and clinical efficacy data in the first quarter of 2024. 
 17 

We have developed and are qualifying a number of clinical assays to support the determination of our primary and secondary endpoints. These include an assay to detect norovirus in stool samples and determine norovirus genogroup (e.g., GI or GII), a sequencing assay to determine norovirus genotype (e.g., GI.1 or GII.4), and a co-pathogen assay to detect other pathogens that may cause AGE (e.g., rotavirus or Salmonella). The immunogenicity of HIL-214 will be evaluated using assays that measure HBGA-blocking antibody titers and pan-Ig antibody titers. We have designed the assays for NEST-IN1 based on learnings from the NOR-211 Phase 2b study and the NOR-202 Phase 2 study in adults, as well as preliminary feedback Takeda received from the FDA and European Medicines Agency (EMA). We reported interim safety data for the first 200 subjects in the third quarter of 2022 following a positive recommendation from the data monitoring committee to continue enrollment. We reported positive interim immunogenicity data for the first approximately 200 subjects in the fourth quarter of 2022 where we observed immune responses generally consistent with prior studies of HIL-214 in infants. Geometric Mean Titers (GMTs) of pan-IG antibodies 28 days following the second dose were 11,102.0 IU/mL and 2,185.5 IU/mL for GI.1 and GII.4, respectively, for HIL-214 compared to 59.6 IU/mL and 73.5 IU/mL for GI.1 and GII.4, respectively, for placebo. These titers corresponded to a Geometric Mean Fold Rise (GMFR) versus baseline of more than 18-fold for HIL-214. Seroresponse rates (SRRs) for HIL-214, defined in NEST-IN1 as the percentage of subjects with at least a 4-fold increase in pan-Ig (immunoglobulin) antibody titers 28 days following the second dose compared to pre-vaccination baseline, were 99.0 for GI.1 and 86.9 for GII.4. SRRs for placebo were 4.1 and 3.1 for GI.1 and GII.4, respectively. 
 Phase 3 infant efficacy trial 
 Based on the results from NEST-IN1, if positive, we intend to consult with key regulatory authorities and initiate a Phase 3, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial to evaluate the efficacy, safety, and immunogenicity of HIL-214 in a larger clinical trial. We expect that this trial will enroll approximately 5,000 to 6,000 subjects that will be randomized 1:1 into the vaccine or control arm. Trial sites under consideration are located in the United States, Latin America, Europe, and Japan. 
 18 

Other trials in infants 
 We are planning additional trials in infants to support regulatory submissions. These include a Phase 1, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial to establish whether the safety and immunogenicity data obtained is consistent with that previously obtained for non-Japanese pediatric subjects, and to support the potential inclusion of Japanese infants in a Phase 3 trial of HIL-214. These include a Phase 2 trial to evaluate the immune response to routine pediatric vaccinations when co-administered with HIL-214, which is designed to inform our global strategy for our pivotal Phase 3 infant efficacy trial with HIL214. 
 We also expect to conduct a Phase 3 trial to evaluate lot-to-lot consistency of HIL-214. 
 We believe that successful completion of this clinical program in infants, together with existing clinical data, will support regulatory submissions for marketing approval in most territories of the world, including the United States, Europe, Japan, and Latin America. 
 Our immunobridging strategy to other age groups 
 Overview 
 If we are successful in obtaining approval for HIL-214 in infants, we plan to subsequently seek approval of HIL-214 in additional age groups, including older children and adolescents (2 to 17 years of age), adults (18 to 59 years of age), and older adults (60 years of age and older). Our preferred strategic approach for seeking approval in these populations is through conducting immunobridging trials, which aim to demonstrate non-inferiority of immune response between a reference age group (i.e., infants) and target age groups. These trials require an appropriate serological surrogate for efficacy and can potentially support regulatory submissions seeking approval to expand to these other age groups without the need for an efficacy trial. Key requirements for an immunobridging strategy include: 
 Comparability. The same or comparable immune assay should be used in the reference and target populations. 

Predictability. The immune assay should be reasonably likely to predict protection from infection or disease. Regulatory authorities are more likely to accept functional immune assays (e.g., blocking or neutralization assays) than non-functional immune assays (e.g., assays that measure bulk antibody levels). 

Well-defined non-inferiority margins. Non-inferiority margins should be prospectively defined and justified to regulatory authorities. 

We believe the most likely serological surrogate will be blocking antibodies to HBGAs, which have previously been shown to correlate with protection against norovirus. We are planning to collect HBGA-blocking titers for all subjects in our planned Phase 2b and Phase 3 infant efficacy trials to use as a reference for immunobridging to other age groups. In addition to HBGA-blocking antibodies, we are also exploring the measurement of other immune parameters that may be reasonably likely to predict protection. 
 If we are not able to confirm an appropriate serological surrogate in our planned infant efficacy trials, or if the FDA or EMA do not agree with our proposed immunobridging strategy, we plan to directly evaluate HIL-214 for efficacy in older adults 
 19 

(65 years of age and older). We would plan to conduct this trial across multiple sites at high-risk for norovirus outbreaks, including nursing homes, assisted living facilities, and other older adult communities. 
 Historical precedent for immunobridging 
 A number of vaccines have successfully used immunobridging to expand the approval of a vaccine to those in other age groups, without conducting further efficacy studies, including Boostrix, Gardasil, Cervarix, and Vaxchora. For example, Boostrix used a prior infant efficacy study to bridge to older subjects and included the use of a different vaccine strength and regimen in infants and older age groups. This immunobridging strategy was based on demonstrating non-inferiority of pertussis antigen seroresponses in adolescents (10 to 18 years of age), adults (19 to 64 years of age), and older adults (65 years of age and older) to prior infant responses in efficacy trials. Of particular note, this strategy was successful for Boostrix even in the absence of an established correlate of protection for pertussis. 
 HIL-214 commercial opportunity 
 The global vaccine market is estimated to have been over 50 billion in 2020 and is expected to exceed 100 billion by 2027. Pneumococcal vaccines have historically been the largest vaccine category, with 7 billion in sales in 2020. COVID-19 vaccines are the largest category in 2021. We believe that the increased attention given to infectious diseases during the COVID-19 pandemic, and the important role of vaccines in disease prevention, is likely to further increase the size of the global vaccine market. 
 There are currently no approved vaccines for the prevention of norovirus-related illness. However, there are market analogues that we believe we can use to estimate the size of the commercial opportunity for HIL-214. In the pediatric market, we believe that rotavirus vaccines are the closest analogue to HIL-214. Rotavirus was the leading cause of pediatric viral AGE before the introduction of the rotavirus vaccines, Rotarix and RotaTeq. These vaccines, approved only in infants, are now widely adopted worldwide, with many countries achieving vaccination rates above 80 among one-year-olds. Rotavirus vaccines generated more than 1.5 billion in sales in 2021. For comparison, norovirus today has a similar morbidity, mortality, and economic burden in children as rotavirus did before the introduction of rotavirus vaccines. When considering all age groups, the overall burden of norovirus is greater than that of rotavirus. 
 In the older adult market, we believe that Shingrix, a recombinant protein vaccine developed by GSK to prevent shingles, is an analogue for HIL-214 due to the similarities in morbidity, mortality and economic burden between shingles and norovirus each before the introduction of a vaccine. Shingrix generated 2.3 billion in sales in 2021. For comparison, norovirus today has a greater morbidity, mortality, and economic burden than shingles did before the introduction of shingles vaccines. Prior to shingles vaccines becoming available, shingles was estimated to result in 1 million illnesses, 46,000 hospitalizations, and 80 deaths each year among adults over 50 years of age in the United States, for a total societal cost of 2.4 billion. In contrast, norovirus results in 22 million illnesses, 96,000 hospitalizations, and 1,350 deaths each year among all age groups in the United States, for a total societal cost of 10 billion. Furthermore, we believe that there is a commercial opportunity for a norovirus vaccine in other groups at high risk for norovirus infection, such as healthcare workers, immunocompromised individuals, military personnel, food handlers, and travelers, including cruise ship passengers. 
 A key element of our commercial strategy is to receive advisory body recommendations for the use of HIL-214. In particular, we are focused on the ACIP, which is an advisory body of the CDC that develops vaccine recommendations for children and adults in the United States. New pediatric vaccines that received a preferred recommendation from ACIP are nearly universally adopted by pediatricians and are often required by schools. Rotavirus vaccines received an ACIP recommendation in 2006, which has contributed to their broad uptake in the United States. Following completion of our planned Phase 2b and 3 trials in infants, we expect ACIP to review these data with the goal of having ACIP recommend HIL-214 for routine pediatric use. We also plan to pursue an ACIP recommendation in the older adult population. 
 Competition 
 Our industry is characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition, and strong emphasis on proprietary products. According to EvaluatePharma, October, 2021, the current vaccine market is concentrated among a few global biopharmaceutical companies including BioNTech, CSL Bering, GlaxoSmithKline, Merck, Moderna, Pfizer, Sanofi, and Takeda, which together account for the majority of global vaccine sales. Other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies, and public and private research institutions are also active in the vaccine market given the continuing global need for both existing and new vaccines. 
 While we believe that our team, technology, strategy, and depth of clinical data relative to other products in clinical development provide us with a strong competitive advantage, if HIL-214 receives marketing approval, we will have to compete with new products and therapies that may become available in the future. The key competitive factors that will affect the success of HIL-214 are similar to those faced by other vaccine products: safety, immunogenicity, protective 
 20 

efficacy, duration of effect, convenience of administration, price, public health policy, and reimbursement by third-party payors. 
 There are currently no approved vaccines for the prevention of norovirus-related illness. While we are not aware of all of our competitors efforts, based on public statements, we believe that several companies are in various stages of developing a vaccine for norovirus including China National Biotec, Chongqing Zhifei Biological, Icon Genetics and Vaxart. We believe that China National Biotec, Chongqing Zhifei Biological and Icon Genetics are also focused on developing a vaccine consisting of VLPs representing the GI and GII genogroups of norovirus. Further, we believe that China National Biotec and Chongqing Zhifei Biological are also developing a pediatric vaccine for the prevention of norovirus-related illness. We believe that HIL-214 is well positioned to be the first norovirus vaccine approved in any market worldwide. 
 Manufacturing 
 We do not have, nor do we plan to establish, large-scale manufacturing facilities that are compliant with current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP). For our Phase 2b infant efficacy trial, we are using clinical material that was previously manufactured by Takeda. We have relied on, and plan to continue to rely on, third-party manufacturers to produce cGMP material, including bulk intermediate VLPs, drug substance and drug product, for our future clinical trials and commercial supply, if approved. 
 Intellectual property 
 Intellectual property, including patents, trade secrets, and trademarks, is important to our business. Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary intellectual property protection for HIL-214, as well as for future vaccine candidates and novel discoveries, product development technologies, and know-how. Our commercial success also depends in part on our ability to operate without infringing, misappropriating or violating the intellectual property and proprietary rights of others and to prevent others from infringing, misappropriating or violating our intellectual property and proprietary rights. Our policy is to develop and maintain protection of our proprietary position by, among other methods, licensing or filing U.S. and foreign patents and applications relating to our technology, inventions, and improvements that are important to the development and implementation of our business. 
 Our patent portfolio, comprising patents and patent applications exclusively licensed to us, is built with a goal of establishing broad protection that generally includes, for the vaccine candidate compound, claims directed to composition of matter, pharmaceutical compositions or formulations, methods of synthesis, and methods of use of such pharmaceutical compositions or formulations. As of March 1, 2023, our patent portfolio covering HIL-214 consists solely of patents and patent applications exclusively licensed from Takeda. Subject to the terms of the Takeda License we entered into with Takeda on July 2, 2021, we have licensed from Takeda exclusive commercialization rights worldwide, excluding Japan, to patents and patent applications covering the composition of matter, formulation, use and/or manufacture of HIL-214. Our patent portfolio comprises 11 distinct patent families protecting the technology relating to HIL-214 composition of matter, methods of manufacturing HIL-214, formulations of HIL-214 products, as well as methods of use of HIL-214. As of March 1, 2023, our portfolio consists of approximately 23 issued U.S. patents, 4 pending U.S. patent applications, 1 allowed U.S. patent application, 2 pending international PCT applications, 68 issued foreign patents including 6 issued European patents subsequently validated in individual European countries, and 55 foreign patent applications pending in major international markets. The issued patents and pending applications have nominal expiration dates ranging from 2027 to 2042, without accounting for any available patent term adjustments or extensions. 
 More specifically, of the 11 distinct patent families, we have in-licensed two patent families relating to manufacturing methods for norovirus VLPs. One of these families contains four U.S. patents projected to expire from 2028 to 2029, as well as a granted patent in each of Canada, Hong Kong, Europe, Republic of Korea and Singapore and two granted patents in Australia, also projected to expire in 2028, in each case without accounting for any available patent term adjustments or extensions. The European patent in this family was validated in Belgium, Bulgaria, Switzerland, Czech Republic, Germany, Denmark, France, the United Kingdom, Hungary, Ireland, Netherlands, Poland and Sweden. There is an additional pending application in Singapore, projected to expire in 2028, without accounting for any available patent term adjustments or extensions. 
 The other patent family covering manufacturing methods contains two U.S. patents projected to expire from 2033 to 2035, as well as a granted patent in each of Australia, Europe, Hong Kong, Iran, Jordan, Lebanon, Republic of Korea, Mexico and Taiwan, all projected to expire in 2033, in each case without accounting for any available patent term adjustments or extensions. The European patent in this family was validated in Belgium, Switzerland, Czech Republic, Germany, France, the United Kingdom, Ireland and Netherlands. There are two additional pending patent applications in each of China and Argentina and an additional pending application in each of Bangladesh, Canada, Gulf Co-Operation Council, India, 
 21 

Pakistan, Singapore, Uruguay, Venezuela and the U.S., all projected to expire in 2033, in each case without accounting for any available patent term adjustments or extensions. 
 We have also in-licensed six patent families covering VLP compositions for HIL-214 and methods of use of HIL-214. One of these families contains seven U.S. patents, all projected to expire in 2027, as well as two granted patents in Europe, two granted patents in Hong Kong and a granted patent in each of Australia, Canada, Republic of Korea, Singapore, also projected to expire in 2027, in each case without accounting for any available patent term adjustments or extensions. One European patent in this family was validated in Austria, Belgium, Switzerland, Germany, Denmark, Spain, Finland, France, the United Kingdom, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Lithuania, Netherlands, Sweden and Turkey. A second European patent in this family was validated in Belgium, Bulgaria, Switzerland, Czech Republic, Germany, Denmark, Spain, Finland, France, the United Kingdom, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, Poland and Sweden. There is an additional pending application in Singapore, projected to expire in 2027, without accounting for any available patent term adjustments or extensions. 
 A second family covering VLP compositions and methods of use contains four U.S. patents projected to expire from 2027 to 2028, as well as two granted patents in each of Australia and China and a granted patent in each of Canada, Macau and Hong Kong, projected to expire from 2027 to 2028, in each case without accounting for any available patent term adjustments or extensions. There is an additional pending application in the U.S. and two in Singapore, projected to expire in 2028, in each case without accounting for any available patent term adjustments or extensions. 
 A third family covering VLP compositions and methods of use contains two U.S. patents projected to expire in 2029, as well as two granted patents in Republic of Korea and a granted patent in each of Australia, Canada, China, Macau, Europe, Hong Kong and Singapore, projected to expire in 2029, in each case without accounting for any available patent term adjustments or extensions. The European patent in this family was validated in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey and the United Kingdom. There is an additional pending application in each of China, Europe and Hong Kong, all projected to expire in 2029, in each case without accounting for any available patent term adjustments or extensions. 
 A fourth family covering VLP compositions and methods of use contains three US patents projected to expire in 2032, 1 allowed United States patent application, as well as two granted patents in Australia, Eurasia, Mexico, New Zealand, Philippines and South Africa and a granted patent in each of Canada, Chile, Europe, Georgia, Hong Kong, Israel, India, Republic of Korea, Morocco, Malaysia, Peru, Singapore, Tunisia, Ukraine and Vietnam, also projected to expire in 2032, in each case without accounting for any available patent term adjustments or extensions. The first European patent in this family was validated in Austria, Belgium, Switzerland, Germany, Spain, France, the United Kingdom, Italy, Netherlands, Poland and Sweden. The second European patent in this family was validated in Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Germany, Denmark, Spain, Finland, France, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Sweden Slovakia and Turkey. There are two additional pending applications in China and Dominican Republic and an additional pending application in each of Algeria, Brazil, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Egypt, Europe, Eurasia, Hong Kong, Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Uzbekistan, all projected to expire in 2032, in each case without accounting for any available patent term adjustments or extensions. 
 A fifth family covering VLP compositions and methods of use contains a U.S. patent application projected to expire in 2039, without accounting for any available patent term adjustments or extensions. There is a pending application in each of Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Colombia, Europe, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Israel, India, Republic of Korea, Mexico, Malaysia, New Zealand, Singapore and Thailand, all projected to expire in 2039, in each case without accounting for any available patent term adjustments or extensions. 
 A sixth family covering VLP compositions and methods of use contains a U.S. patent application projected to expire in 2039, without accounting for any available patent term adjustments or extensions. There is an additional pending application in Europe, projected to expire in 2039, without accounting for any available patent term adjustments or extensions. 
 The term of individual patents in our portfolio depends upon the legal term of patents in the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in which we file, including the United States, the patent term is 20 years from the earliest date of filing a non-provisional patent application. In the United States, the term of a patent may be eligible for patent term adjustment, which permits patent term restoration as compensation for delays incurred at the USPTO during the patent prosecution process. In addition, for patents that cover an FDA-approved drug, the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, or the Hatch-Waxman Amendments, permits a patent term extension of up to five years beyond the expiration of the patent. While the length of the patent term extension is related to the length of time the drug is under regulatory review, patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval, only one patent per approved drug may be extended, and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. Similar provisions are available in Europe and other foreign jurisdictions to extend the term of a patent that covers an approved drug. In the 
 22 

future, if and when our products receive FDA approval, we expect to apply for patent term extensions on patents covering those products. We plan to seek any available patent term extension to any issued patents we may be granted in any jurisdiction where such extensions are available; however, there is no guarantee that the applicable authorities, including the FDA in the United States, will agree with our assessment of whether such extensions should be granted, and if granted, the length of such extensions. 
 The patent positions of companies like ours are generally uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions. The relevant patent laws and their interpretation outside of the United States is also uncertain. Changes in either the patent laws or their interpretation in the United States and other countries may diminish our ability to protect our technology or vaccine candidates and could affect the value of such intellectual property. In particular, our ability to stop third parties from making, using, selling, offering to sell or importing products that infringe, misappropriate or violate our intellectual property will depend in part on our success in obtaining and enforcing patent claims that cover our technology, inventions and improvements. We cannot guarantee that patents will be granted with respect to any of our licensed pending patent applications or with respect to any patent applications we may file in the future, nor can we be sure that any patents that may be granted to us or Takeda in the future will be commercially useful in protecting our products or the methods of use or manufacture of those products. Moreover, issued patents do not guarantee the right to practice our technology in relation to the commercialization of our products. Issued patents only allow us to block potential competitors from practicing the claimed inventions of the issued patents. 
 Further, patents and other intellectual property rights in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology space are evolving and involve many risks and uncertainties. For example, third parties may have blocking patents that could be used to prevent us from commercializing HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates and practicing our proprietary technology, and any issued patents may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, which could limit our ability to stop competitors from marketing related products or could limit the term of patent protection that otherwise may exist for HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates. In addition, the scope of the rights granted under any issued patents may not provide us with protection or competitive advantages against competitors with similar technology. Furthermore, our competitors may independently develop similar technologies that are outside the scope of the rights granted under any issued patents. For these reasons, we may face competition with respect to HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates. Moreover, because of the extensive time required for development, testing and regulatory review of a potential product, it is possible that, before any particular vaccine candidate can be commercialized, any patent protection for such product may expire or remain in force for only a short period following commercialization, thereby reducing the commercial advantage the patent provides. 
 It is our policy to require our employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers and other advisors to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment or consulting relationships with us, and for employees and consultants to enter into invention assignment agreements with us. These agreements provide that all confidential information developed or made known to the individual during the course of the individual s relationship with us is to be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties except in specific circumstances. Where applicable, the agreements provide that all inventions to which the individual contributed as an inventor shall be assigned to Hillevax, and as such, will become our property. There can be no assurance, however, that these agreements will provide meaningful protection or adequate remedies for our trade secrets in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of such information. For information regarding the risks related to intellectual property, see Risk factors Risks related to our intellectual property. 
 Further, we have filed for three trademark applications in the United States for the HilleVax trademark and logo. 
 License agreement with Takeda 
 On July 2, 2021, we and Takeda entered into the Takeda License. Pursuant to the Takeda License, Takeda granted us: (a) an exclusive, royalty-bearing, sublicensable (with Takeda s reasonable consent) license under (1) certain patents and know-how relating to HIL-214 (formerly TAK-214), and owned or controlled by Takeda during the term of the Takeda License and (2) Takeda s rights in intellectual property jointly created by the parties under the Takeda License (the Joint Intellectual Property), in each case, to commercialize for all human uses worldwide outside of Japan (the Territory) any pharmaceutical products (the Products) containing the HIL-214 compounds and any derivatives thereof to prevent or minimize disease and/or infections caused by norovirus (the Compounds), and (b) a worldwide, non-exclusive, sublicensable (with Takeda s reasonable consent) license under such patents and know-how to develop and manufacture the Compounds and Products solely to: (1) exploit the Compounds and Products in the Territory, (2) perform certain development activities in Japan, and (3) supply the Product to Takeda pursuant to any clinical supply or commercial supply agreement. We granted Takeda: (a) a non-exclusive, fully paid-up, royalty-free, sublicensable license under our rights in any patents and know-how and our rights in the Joint Intellectual Property that are necessary or useful to enable Takeda to develop and manufacture the Compounds and Products anywhere in the world for the purposes of commercialization of the Products in Japan, (b) an exclusive, royalty-bearing, sublicensable license under such patents 
 23 

and know-how to (1) commercialize Products in Japan and (2) commercialize Products for purposes other than for use in humans, and (c) an exclusive, sublicensable license to use Product trademarks solely for commercialization of a Product for human uses in Japan. Certain rights granted to us under the Takeda License are subject to rights granted by Takeda to the United States government pursuant to sponsored research, clinical development and material transfer agreements. 
 If, other than due to force majeure or our failure to perform our obligations under the Takeda License, Takeda fails to pursue regulatory or commercialization activities by specified deadlines, and does not dispute such failure or initiate such activities by a specified deadline, then the Territory may be expanded to include Japan (i.e., worldwide). During the term of the Takeda License, neither party is permitted to commercialize any vaccine product (other than the Product) that includes norovirus virus-like particles and is being developed for or is approved for the prevention or minimization of symptoms caused by norovirus infections without the other party s prior written consent. We will be responsible, at our cost, for the development, manufacture and commercialization of the Product in the Territory. We are obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize the Product in the Territory, and to seek regulatory approval for the Product throughout the world. 
 We paid Takeda upfront consideration consisting of 840,500 shares of common stock and a warrant to purchase 5,883,500 shares of common stock (the Takeda Warrant). We further agreed that, in the event that Takeda s fully-diluted ownership, including the Takeda Warrant, represents less a certain specified percentage of our fully-diluted capitalization, including shares issuable upon conversion of outstanding convertible promissory notes, calculated immediately prior to the closing of our initial public offering (IPO), we would issue an additional warrant to purchase shares of common stock such that Takeda would hold a certain specified percentage of the fully-diluted capitalization immediately before the closing of the IPO (the Takeda Warrant Right). The Takeda Warrant was fully exercised in November 2022. The Takeda Warrant Right expired without effect since no fair value had been allocated to it upon completion of our IPO, and no additional warrant was issued. We also paid Takeda a cash payment of 2.5 million upon the consummation of our convertible promissory note financing in August 2021 and paid Takeda 2.5 million in March 2022 upon release of certain drug products and completion of certain regulatory activities. We are required to make to Takeda a one-time payment of 7.5 million upon achievement of a specified development milestone and one-time commercial milestone payments of up to 150.0 million in the aggregate if certain annual sales targets for Products are met in the Territory. We agreed to pay Takeda tiered high-single digit to low-teen percentage royalties on net sales of Products in the Territory, subject to specified offsets and reductions, and Takeda agreed to pay us tiered mid-single digit to low-double digit percentage royalties on net sales of Products in Japan, subject to specified offsets and reductions. Royalties will be payable, on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis beginning on the first commercial sale of such Product in such country, until the later of (i) the expiration of the licensed patents covering the applicable Product, (ii) the expiration of regulatory exclusivity in such country, or (iii) 20 years following the first commercial sale of such Product in such country. 
 Absent early termination, the Takeda License expires on a country-by-country and Product-by-Product basis upon the expiration of the applicable royalty term with respect to each Product in each country, as applicable, or in its entirety upon the expiration of the royalty term with respect to the last Product commercialized in the last country. We may terminate the Takeda License in its entirety without cause upon six months prior written notice. We and Takeda may terminate the Takeda License in the case of the other party s insolvency, or upon prior written notice within a specified time period for the other party s material uncured breach. Takeda may terminate the Takeda License in its entirety if we challenge the licensed patents, or if we assist any third party in challenging such patents. Upon termination of the Takeda License, Takeda will have an exclusive, transferable, fully paid-up, royalty-free, sublicensable license under the patents and know-how we license to Takeda under the Takeda License and our rights in the Joint Intellectual Property to exploit the Product in the terminated countries. 
 Transitional services agreement with Takeda 
 As contemplated by the Takeda License, on December 17, 2021, we and Takeda entered into a Transitional Services Agreement (the TSA). Pursuant to the TSA, Takeda has agreed to provide, on a transitional basis following the effective date of the Takeda License, certain services related to research and development and regulatory assistance services, oversight and management of ongoing clinical and research studies, and maintenance of certain third party vendor contracts. In consideration for the services provided under the TSA, we have agreed to pay certain specified amounts to Takeda in cash for such services and certain pass-through costs. 
 Unless earlier terminated under its terms, the TSA will remain in effect until all transitional services are completed. We may terminate the provision of any or all services under the TSA upon certain written notice. We and Takeda may terminate the TSA in the case of the other party s insolvency, or upon prior written notice within a specified time period for 
 24 

the other party s material uncured breach. Takeda may terminate the TSA for non-payment and, in certain circumstances, upon a change of control of our company. 
 Government regulation and product approval 
 The FDA and other regulatory authorities at federal, state, and local levels, as well as in foreign countries, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, import, export, safety, effectiveness, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, record keeping, approval, advertising, promotion, marketing, post-approval monitoring, and post-approval reporting of biologics such as those we are developing. We, along with third-party contractors, will be required to navigate the various preclinical, clinical and commercial approval requirements of the regulatory agencies of the countries in which we wish to conduct studies or seek approval or licensure of our product candidates. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with applicable federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. 
 U.S. biologics regulation 
 In the United States, biological products, or biologics, such as vaccines are subject to regulation under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, the Public Health Service Act, and other federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations. The process required by the FDA before biologics may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 
 completion of preclinical laboratory tests and animal studies performed in accordance with the FDA s Good Laboratory Practice requirements (GLPs); 

submission to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective before clinical trials may begin; 

approval by an institutional review board (IRB) or ethics committee at each clinical site before the trial is commenced; 

performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety, purity and potency of the proposed biologic product candidate for its intended use; 

preparation of and submission to the FDA of a biologics license application (BLA), after completion of all pivotal clinical trials and other necessary studies; 

satisfactory completion of an FDA Advisory Committee review, if applicable; 

a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of a BLA to file the application for review; 

satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the proposed product is produced to assess compliance with cGMP, and to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the biological product s continued safety, purity and potency, and of selected clinical investigation sites to assess compliance with Good Clinical Practice requirements (GCPs); and 

FDA review and approval of the BLA to permit commercial marketing of the product for particular indications for use in the United States. 

The preclinical developmental stage generally involves laboratory evaluations of chemistry, formulation and stability, as well as studies to evaluate the product candidate s toxicity in animals, in an effort to support subsequent clinical testing. The conduct of preclinical studies is subject to federal regulations and requirements, including GLP regulations. 
 Prior to beginning the first clinical trial with a product candidate in the United States, the trial sponsor must submit an IND to the FDA. An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational biologic to humans. The central focus of an IND submission is on the general investigational plan and the protocol(s) for clinical studies. The IND also includes results of animal and in vitro studies assessing the toxicology, pharmacokinetics, pharmacology, and pharmacodynamic characteristics of the product candidate, chemistry, manufacturing, and controls information, and any available human data or literature to support the use of the product candidate. An IND must become effective before human clinical trials may begin. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the 30-day time period, raises safety concerns or questions about the proposed clinical trial. In such a case, the IND may be placed on clinical hold and the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns or questions before the clinical trial can begin. Submission of an IND therefore may or may not result in FDA authorization to begin a clinical trial. 
 Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational product to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or under the trial sponsor s control, in accordance with GCPs, which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical study. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the study, the 
 25 

parameters to be used in monitoring subject safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. A separate submission to the existing IND must be made for each successive clinical trial conducted during product development and for any subsequent protocol amendments. Furthermore, an independent IRB for each site proposing to conduct the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial and its informed consent form before the clinical trial begins at that site, and must monitor the study until completed. Regulatory authorities, the IRB or the sponsor may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk or that the trial is unlikely to meet its stated objectives. Some studies also include oversight by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical study sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board, which provides authorization for whether or not a study may move forward at designated check points based on access to certain data from the study, and may halt the clinical trial if it determines that there is an unacceptable safety risk for subjects or on other grounds, such as failure to demonstrate efficacy. There are also requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical studies and clinical study results to public registries, including clinicaltrials.gov. 
 For purposes of BLA approval, human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap or be combined: 
 Phase 1 The investigational product is initially introduced into healthy human subjects or patients with the target disease or condition. These studies are designed to test the safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism and distribution of the investigational product in humans, the side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, to gain early evidence on effectiveness. 

Phase 2 The investigational product is administered to a limited patient population with a specified disease or condition to evaluate the preliminary efficacy, optimal dosages and dosing schedule and to identify possible adverse side effects and safety risks. Multiple Phase 2 clinical trials may be conducted to obtain information prior to beginning larger and more expensive Phase 3 clinical trials. 

Phase 3 The investigational product is administered to an expanded patient population to further evaluate dosage, to provide substantial evidence of clinical efficacy and to further test for safety, generally at multiple geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk/benefit ratio of the investigational product and to provide an adequate basis for product approval. 

In some cases, the FDA may require, or sponsors may voluntarily pursue, additional clinical trials after a product is approved to gain more information about the product. These so-called Phase 4 studies may also be made a condition to approval of the BLA. 
 While the IND is active, progress reports summarizing the results of the clinical trials and nonclinical studies performed since the last progress report, among other information, must be submitted at least annually to the FDA, and written IND safety reports must be submitted to the FDA and investigators for serious and unexpected suspected adverse events, findings from other studies suggesting a significant risk to humans exposed to the same or similar drugs, findings from animal or in vitro testing suggesting a significant risk to humans, and any clinically important increased incidence of a serious suspected adverse reaction compared to that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. 
 In addition, during the development of a new biologic, sponsors are given opportunities to meet with the FDA at certain points, including prior to submission of an IND, at the end of Phase 2, and before a BLA is submitted. Meetings at other times may be requested. These meetings can provide an opportunity for the sponsor to share information about the data gathered to date, for the FDA to provide advice, and for the sponsor and the FDA to reach alignment on the next phase of development. Sponsors typically use the meetings at the end of the Phase 2 trial to discuss Phase 2 clinical results and present plans for the pivotal Phase 3 clinical trials that they believe will support approval of the product candidate. 
 Concurrent with clinical trials, companies may complete additional animal studies and develop additional information about the biological characteristics of the product candidate, and must finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product candidate and, among other things, must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 
 BLA submission and review by the FDA 
 Assuming successful completion of all required testing in accordance with all applicable regulatory requirements, the results of product development, preclinical studies and clinical trials are submitted to the FDA as part of a BLA requesting approval to market the product candidate for one or more indications. The BLA must include all relevant data available from preclinical and clinical studies, including negative or ambiguous results as well as positive findings, together with detailed information relating to the product s chemistry, manufacturing, controls, and proposed labeling, among other 
 26 

things. Data can come from company-sponsored clinical studies intended to test the safety and effectiveness of a use of the product candidate, or from a number of alternative sources, including studies initiated by independent investigators. The submission of a BLA requires payment of a substantial application user fee to the FDA, unless a waiver or exemption applies. 
 Within 60 days following submission of the application, the FDA reviews a BLA submitted to determine if it is substantially complete before the FDA accepts it for filing. The FDA may refuse to file any BLA that it deems incomplete or not properly reviewable at the time of submission and may request additional information. In this event, the BLA must be resubmitted with the additional information. Once a BLA has been accepted for filing, the FDA s goal is to review standard applications within ten months after the filing date, or, if the application qualifies for priority review, six months after the FDA accepts the application for filing. In both standard and priority reviews, the review process may also be extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. The FDA reviews a BLA to determine, among other things, whether the product candidate is safe, pure and potent for the proposed indication, and the facility in which it is manufactured, processed, packed or held meets standards designed to assure the product s continued safety, purity and potency. The FDA may also convene an advisory committee to provide clinical insight on application review questions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. 
 Before approving a BLA, the FDA will typically inspect the facility or facilities where the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve an application unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. Additionally, before approving a BLA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP. If the FDA determines that the application, manufacturing process or manufacturing facilities are not acceptable, it will outline the deficiencies in the submission and often will request additional testing or information. Notwithstanding the submission of any requested additional information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. 
 After the FDA evaluates a BLA and conducts inspections of manufacturing facilities where the investigational product and/or its drug substance will be produced, the FDA may issue an approval letter or a Complete Response Letter (CRL). An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the product with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A CRL will describe all of the deficiencies that the FDA has identified in the BLA, except that where the FDA determines that the data supporting the application are inadequate to support approval, the FDA may issue the CRL without first conducting required inspections, testing submitted product lots, and/or reviewing proposed labeling. In issuing the CRL, the FDA may recommend actions that the applicant might take to place the BLA in condition for approval, including requests for additional information or clarification. The FDA may delay or refuse approval of a BLA if applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied, require additional testing or information and/or require post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor safety or efficacy of a product. 
 If regulatory approval of a product is granted, such approval will be granted for particular indications and may include limitations on the indicated uses for which such product may be marketed. For example, the FDA may approve the BLA with a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS), to ensure the benefits of the product outweigh its risks. A REMS is a safety strategy implemented to manage a known or potential serious risk associated with a product and to enable patients to have continued access to such medicines by managing their safe use, and could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. The FDA also may condition approval on, among other things, changes to proposed labeling or the development of adequate controls and specifications. Once a BLA is approved, the FDA may withdraw such approval if compliance with pre- and post-marketing requirements is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the marketplace. The FDA may require one or more Phase 4 post-market studies and surveillance to further assess and monitor the product s safety, purity and potency after commercialization, and may limit further marketing of the product based on the results of these post-marketing studies. 
 Expedited development and review programs 
 The FDA offers a number of expedited development and review programs for qualifying product candidates. For example, the fast track program is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for reviewing product candidates that are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the disease or condition. Fast track designation applies to the combination of the product candidate and the specific indication for which it is being studied. The sponsor of a fast track product candidate has opportunities for more frequent interactions with the applicable FDA review team during product development and, once a BLA is submitted, the product candidate may be eligible for priority review. A fast track product candidate may also be eligible for rolling review, where the FDA may consider for review sections of the BLA on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted, if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the BLA, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the BLA 
 27 

and determines that the schedule is acceptable, and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the BLA. 
 A product candidate intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition may also be eligible for breakthrough therapy designation to expedite its development and review. A product candidate can receive breakthrough therapy designation if preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product candidate, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs or biologics, may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. The designation includes all of the fast track program features, as well as more intensive FDA interaction and guidance beginning as early as Phase 1 and an organizational commitment to expedite the development and review of the product candidate, including involvement of senior managers. 
 Any marketing application for a biologic product candidate submitted to the FDA for approval, including a product candidate with a fast track designation and/or breakthrough therapy designation, may be eligible for other types of FDA programs intended to expedite the FDA review and approval process, such as priority review and accelerated approval. A BLA is eligible for priority review if the product candidate is designed to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and if approved, would provide a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness compared to available alternatives for such disease or condition. For original BLAs, priority review designation means the FDA s goal is to take action on the marketing application within six months of the 60-day filing date (as compared to ten months under standard review). 
 Additionally, product candidates studied for their safety and effectiveness in treating serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions may receive accelerated approval upon a determination that the product candidate has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. As a condition of accelerated approval, the FDA will generally require the sponsor to perform adequate and well-controlled post-marketing clinical studies to verify and describe the anticipated effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit. Products receiving accelerated approval may be subject to expedited withdrawal procedures if the sponsor fails to conduct the required post-marketing studies or if such studies fail to verify the predicted clinical benefit. In addition, the FDA currently requires as a condition for accelerated approval pre-approval of promotional materials, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. 
 Fast track designation, breakthrough therapy designation, priority review, and accelerated approval do not change the standards for approval but may expedite the development or approval process. Even if a product candidate qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or decide that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. 
 Post-approval requirements 
 Biologics are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to record-keeping, reporting of adverse experiences, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, and advertising and promotion of the product. After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications or other labeling claims, are subject to prior FDA review and approval. There also are continuing, annual program fees for any marketed products. Biologic manufacturers and their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP, which impose certain procedural and documentation requirements up. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated, and, depending on the significance of the change, may require prior FDA approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP and impose reporting requirements. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain compliance with cGMP and other aspects of regulatory compliance. 
 The FDA may withdraw approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical studies to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: 
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls; 

fines, warning letters, or untitled letters; 

28 

clinical holds on clinical studies; 

refusal of the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications, or suspension or revocation of product license approvals; 

product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; 

consent decrees, corporate integrity agreements, debarment or exclusion from federal healthcare programs; 

mandated modification of promotional materials and labeling and the issuance of corrective information; 

the issuance of safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press releases and other communications containing warnings or other safety information about the product; or 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The FDA closely regulates the marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of biologics. A company can make only those claims that are in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. Failure to comply with these requirements can result in, among other things, adverse publicity, warning letters, corrective advertising and potential civil and criminal penalties. Physicians may prescribe legally available products for uses that are not described in the product s labeling and that differ from those tested and approved by the FDA. Such off-label uses are common across medical specialties. Physicians may believe that such off-label uses are the best treatment for many patients in varied circumstances. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatments. The FDA does, however, restrict a manufacturer s communications on the subject of off-label use of their products. 
 Biosimilars and reference product exclusivity 
 The Affordable Care Act, signed into law in 2010, includes a subtitle called the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act (BPCIA), which created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products that are biosimilar to or interchangeable with an FDA-licensed reference biological product. 
 Biosimilarity, which requires that the biological product be highly similar to the reference product notwithstanding minor differences in clinically inactive components and that there be no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and the reference product in terms of safety, purity, and potency, can be shown through analytical studies, animal studies, and a clinical study or studies. Interchangeability requires that a product is biosimilar to the reference product and the product can be expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product in any given patient and, for products that are administered multiple times to an individual, the biologic and the reference biologic may be alternated or switched after one has been previously administered without increasing safety risks or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biologic. 
 Under the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following the date that the reference product was first licensed by the FDA. In addition, the approval of a biosimilar product may not be made effective by the FDA until 12 years from the date on which the reference product was first licensed. During this 12-year period of exclusivity, another company may still market a competing version of the reference product if the FDA approves a full BLA for the competing product containing that applicant s own preclinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity and potency of its product. The BPCIA also created certain exclusivity periods for biosimilars approved as interchangeable products. At this juncture, it is unclear whether products deemed interchangeable by the FDA will, in fact, be readily substituted by pharmacies, which are governed by state pharmacy law. 
 A biological product can also obtain pediatric market exclusivity in the United States. Pediatric exclusivity, if granted, adds six months to existing exclusivity periods and patent terms. This six-month exclusivity, which runs from the end of other exclusivity protection or patent term, may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric study in accordance with an FDA-issued Written Request for such a study. 
 Other U.S. regulatory requirements 
 In addition to FDA regulation of pharmaceutical products, pharmaceutical companies are also subject to additional healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal government and by authorities in the states and foreign jurisdictions in which they conduct their business and may constrain the financial arrangements and relationships through which we research, as well as sell, market and distribute any products for which we obtain marketing authorization. Such laws include, without limitation, state and federal anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, false claims, and transparency laws and regulations related to drug pricing and payments and other transfers of value made to physicians and other healthcare providers. If their operations are found to be in violation of any of such laws or any other governmental regulations that apply, they may be subject to penalties, including, without limitation, administrative, civil and criminal penalties, damages, 
 29 

fines, disgorgement, the curtailment or restructuring of operations, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs and imprisonment. 
 Coverage and reimbursement 
 Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of HIL-214 or any potential future vaccine candidate for which we may seek regulatory approval. Sales in the United States will depend, in part, on the availability of sufficient coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors, which include government health programs such as Medicare, Medicaid, TRICARE and the Veterans Administration, as well as managed care organizations and private health insurers. Prices at which we or our customers seek reimbursement for HIL-214 or any potential future vaccine candidates can be subject to challenge, reduction or denial by third-party payors. 
 Certain ACA marketplace and other private payor plans are required to include coverage for certain preventative services, including vaccinations recommended by the ACIP without cost share obligations (i.e., co-payments, deductibles or co-insurance) for plan members. Children through 18 years of age without other health insurance coverage may be eligible to receive such vaccinations free-of-charge through the CDC s Vaccines for Children program. For Medicare beneficiaries, vaccines may be covered under either the Part B or Part D program depending on several criteria, including the type of vaccine and the beneficiary s coverage eligibility. If our vaccine candidates, once approved, are covered only under the Part D program, physicians may be less willing to use our products because of the claims adjudication costs and time related to the claims adjudication process and collection of co-payments associated with the Part D program. 
 The process for determining whether a third-party payor will provide coverage for a product is typically separate from the process for setting the reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the product. In the United States, there is no uniform policy among payors for coverage or reimbursement. Decisions regarding whether to cover any of a product, the extent of coverage and the amount of reimbursement to be provided are made on a plan-by-plan basis. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own coverage and reimbursement policies, but also have their own methods and approval processes. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for products can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that can require manufacturers to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of a product to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance. 
 Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the price and examining the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of medical products and services, in addition to their safety and efficacy. Third-party payors may not consider HIL-214 or our potential future vaccine candidates to be medically necessary or cost-effective compared to other available therapies. Adoption of price controls and cost-containment measures, and adoption of more restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could further limit sales of any product that receives approval. 
 In some foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a product candidate must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing product pricing vary widely from country to country. For example, in the European Union (EU) pricing and reimbursement of pharmaceutical products are regulated at a national level under the individual EU member states social security systems. Some foreign countries provide options to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and can control the prices and reimbursement levels of medicinal products for human use. Some jurisdictions operate positive and negative list systems under which products may only be marketed once a reimbursement price has been agreed. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently available therapies. A country may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our product candidates. Even if approved for reimbursement, historically, product candidates launched in some foreign countries, such as some countries in the EU, do not follow price structures of the United States and prices generally tend to be significantly lower. 
 Healthcare reform 
 In the United States, there have been, and continues to be, legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities, and affect the profitable sale of product candidates, and similar healthcare laws and regulations exist in the EU and other jurisdictions. Among policy makers and payors in the United States, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality and/or 
 30 

expanding access. In the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. 
 By way of example, in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the ACA) was passed, which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly affected the pharmaceutical industry. The ACA, among other things, increased the minimum level of Medicaid rebates payable by manufacturers of brand name drugs from 15.1 to 23.1 of the average manufacturer price; required collection of rebates for drugs paid by Medicaid managed care organizations; required manufacturers to participate in a coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; imposed a non-deductible annual fee on pharmaceutical manufacturers or importers who sell certain branded prescription drugs to specified federal government programs; implemented a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted, or injected; expanded eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs; creates a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research; and established a Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation at the CMS to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending, potentially including prescription drug spending. 
 Since its enactment, there have been judicial, executive and political challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Prior to the Supreme Court s decision, President Biden issued an executive order to initiate a special enrollment period from February 15, 2021 through August 15, 2021 for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace. The executive order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. It is unclear how the other healthcare reform measures will impact our business. 
 In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. These changes included aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers, which went into effect on April 1, 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will remain in effect through 2032, with the exception of a temporary suspension from May 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022, unless additional Congressional action is taken. On January 2, 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. 
 Moreover, there has recently been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for pharmaceutical products. On March 11, 2021, the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 was signed into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s average manufacturer price (AMP), beginning January 1, 2024. More recently, on August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA) was signed into law. Among other things, the IRA requires manufacturers of certain drugs to engage in price negotiations with Medicare (beginning in 2026), with prices that can be negotiated subject to a cap; imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation (first due in 2023); and replaces the Part D coverage gap discount program with a new discounting program (beginning in 2025). The IRA permits the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. For that and other reasons, it is currently unclear how the IRA will be effectuated. 
 Individual states in the United States have also become increasingly active in implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine which drugs and suppliers will be included in their healthcare programs. Furthermore, there has been increased interest by third party payors and governmental authorities in reference pricing systems and publication of discounts and list prices. 
 Data privacy and security laws 
 Numerous state, federal and foreign laws, regulations and standards govern the collection, use, access to, confidentiality and security of health-related and other personal information, and could apply now or in the future to our operations or the 
 31 

operations of our partners. In the United States, numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including data breach notification laws, health information privacy and security laws and consumer protection laws and regulations govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of health-related and other personal information. In addition, certain foreign laws govern the privacy and security of personal data, including health-related data. Privacy and security laws, regulations, and other obligations are constantly evolving, may conflict with each other to complicate compliance efforts, and can result in investigations, proceedings, or actions that lead to significant civil and/or criminal penalties and restrictions on data processing. 
 Foreign regulation 
 In addition to regulations in the United States, we will be subject to a variety of regulations in other jurisdictions governing, among other things, clinical studies and any commercial sales and distribution of our product candidates. Because biologically sourced raw materials are subject to unique contamination risks, their use may be restricted in some countries. 
 Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a product candidate, we must obtain the requisite approvals from regulatory authorities in foreign countries prior to the commencement of clinical trials or marketing of the product candidates in those countries. The requirements and process governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. Failure to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. 
 Preclinical studies and clinical trials 
 Similar to the United States, the various phases of preclinical and clinical research in the EU are subject to significant regulatory controls. 
 Preclinical studies are performed to demonstrate the health or environmental safety of new chemical or biological substances. Preclinical studies must be conducted in compliance with the principles of good laboratory practice (GLP) as set forth in EU Directive 2004/10/EC. In particular, preclinical studies, both in vitro and in vivo, must be planned, performed, monitored, recorded, reported and archived in accordance with the GLP principles, which define a set of rules and criteria for a quality system for the organizational process and the conditions for preclinical studies. These GLP standards reflect the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development requirements. 
 Clinical trials of medicinal products in the EU must be conducted in accordance with EU and national regulations and the International Conference on Harmonization (ICH), guidelines on good clinical practices (GCP) as well as the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. If the sponsor of the clinical trial is not established within the EU, it must appoint an EU entity to act as its legal representative. The sponsor must take out a clinical trial insurance policy, and in most EU countries, the sponsor is liable to provide no fault compensation to any study subject injured in the clinical trial. 
 Certain countries outside of the United States, including the EU, have a similar process that requires the submission of a clinical study application much like the IND prior to the commencement of human clinical studies. A CTA must be submitted to each country s national health authority and an independent ethics committee, much like the FDA and the IRB, respectively. Once the CTA is approved by the national health authority and the ethics committee has granted a positive opinion in relation to the conduct of the trial in the relevant member state(s), in accordance with a country s requirements, clinical study development may proceed. 
 The CTA must include, among other things, a copy of the trial protocol and an investigational medicinal product dossier containing information about the manufacture and quality of the medicinal product under investigation. Currently, CTAs must be submitted to the competent authority in each EU member state in which the trial will be conducted. Under the new Regulation on Clinical Trials, which is currently expected to become applicable by early 2022, there will be a centralized application procedure where one national authority takes the lead in reviewing the application and the other national authorities have only limited involvement. Any substantial changes to the trial protocol or other information submitted with the CTA must be notified to or approved by the relevant competent authorities and ethics committees. Medicines used in clinical trials must be manufactured in accordance with good manufacturing practice (GMP). Other national and EU-wide regulatory requirements may also apply. 
 Marketing authorizations 
 In the EU, medicinal products can only be placed on the market after obtaining a marketing authorization (MA). To obtain regulatory approval of an investigational biological product under EU regulatory systems, we must submit a marketing authorization application (MAA). The application used to file the BLA in the United States is similar to that required in the 
 32 

EU, with the exception of, among other things, country specific document requirements. The process for doing this depends, among other things, on the nature of the medicinal product. 
 The centralized procedure results in a single MA, issued by the European Commission, based on the opinion of the European Medicines Agency s (EMA) Committee for Human Medicinal Products (CHMP) which is valid across the entire territory of the EU. The centralized procedure is compulsory for human medicines that are: (i) derived from biotechnology processes, such as genetic engineering, (ii) contain a new active substance indicated for the treatment of certain diseases, such as HIV/AIDS, cancer, diabetes, neurodegenerative diseases, autoimmune and other immune dysfunctions and viral diseases, (iii) designated orphan medicines and (iv) ATMPs, such as gene therapy, somatic cell therapy or tissue-engineered medicines. The centralized procedure may at the request of the applicant also be used in certain other cases. 
 National MAs, which are issued by the competent authorities of the EU member states and only cover their respective territory, are available for products not falling within the mandatory scope of the centralized procedure. Where a product has already been authorized for marketing in an EU member state, this national MA can be recognized in another member state through the mutual recognition procedure. If the product has not received a national MA in any member state at the time of application, it can be approved simultaneously in various member states through the decentralized procedure. Under the decentralized procedure an identical dossier is submitted to the national competent authority of each of the member states in which the MA is sought, one of which is selected by the applicant as the Reference member state. 
 Under the centralized procedure, the maximum timeframe for the evaluation of a MAA by the EMA is 210 days. In exceptional cases, the CHMP might perform an accelerated review of a MAA in no more than 150 days (not including clock stops). Innovative products that target an unmet medical need and are expected to be of major public health interest may be eligible for a number of expedited development and review programs, such as the PRIME scheme, which provides incentives similar to the breakthrough therapy designation in the U.S. PRIME is a voluntary scheme aimed at enhancing the EMA s support for the development of medicines that target unmet medical needs. It is based on increased interaction and early dialogue with companies developing promising medicines, to optimize their product development plans and speed up their evaluation to help them reach patients earlier. Product developers that benefit from PRIME designation can expect to be eligible for accelerated assessment but this is not guaranteed. The benefits of a PRIME designation include the appointment of a CHMP rapporteur before submission of a MAA, early dialogue and scientific advice at key development milestones, and the potential to qualify products for accelerated review earlier in the application process. Innovative medicines fulfilling a medical need may also benefit from different types of fast track approvals, such as a conditional MA or a MA under exceptional circumstances granted on the basis of less comprehensive clinical data than normally required (respectively in the likelihood that the sponsor will provide such data within an agreed timeframe or when comprehensive data cannot be obtained even after authorization). 
 Classical MAs have an initial duration of five years. After these five years, the authorization may be renewed for an unlimited period on the basis of a reevaluation of the risk-benefit balance. 
 Data and marketing exclusivity 
 The EU also provides opportunities for market exclusivity. For example, in the EU, upon receiving MA, new chemical entities generally receive eight years of data exclusivity and an additional two years of market exclusivity. If granted, data exclusivity prevents regulatory authorities in the EU from referencing the innovator s data to assess a generic or biosimilar application. During the additional two year period of market exclusivity, a generic/biosimilar MA can be submitted, and the innovator s data may be referenced, but no generic/biosimilar product can be marketed until the expiration of the market exclusivity. The overall ten-year market exclusivity period may be extended to a maximum of eleven years if, during the first eight years a new therapeutic indication with significant clinical benefit over existing therapies is approved. However, there is no guarantee that a product will be considered by the EU s regulatory authorities to be a new chemical entity, and products may not qualify for data exclusivity. 
 There is a special regime for biosimilars, or biological medicinal products that are similar to a reference medicinal product but that do not meet the definition of a generic medicinal product, for example, because of differences in raw materials or manufacturing processes. For such products, the results of appropriate preclinical or clinical trials must be provided, and guidelines from the EMA detail the type of quantity of supplementary data to be provided for different types of biological product. There are no such guidelines for complex biological products, such as gene or cell therapy medicinal products, and so it is unlikely that biosimilars of those products will currently be approved in the EU. However, guidance from the 
 33 

EMA states that they will be considered in the future in light of the scientific knowledge and regulatory experience gained at the time. 
 Foreign post-approval requirements 
 Similar to the United States, both MA holders and manufacturers of medicinal products are subject to comprehensive regulatory oversight by the EMA, the European Commission and/or the competent regulatory authorities of the member states. The holder of a MA must establish and maintain a pharmacovigilance system and appoint an individual qualified person for pharmacovigilance who is responsible for oversight of that system. Key obligations include expedited reporting of suspected serious adverse reactions and submission of periodic safety update reports (PSURs). 
 All new MAA must include a risk management plan (RMP) describing the risk management system that the company will put in place and documenting measures to prevent or minimize the risks associated with the product. The regulatory authorities may also impose specific obligations as a condition of the MA. Such risk-minimization measures or post-authorization obligations may include additional safety monitoring, more frequent submission of PSURs, or the conduct of additional clinical trials or post-authorization safety studies. 
 The advertising and promotion of medicinal products is also subject to laws concerning promotion of medicinal products, interactions with physicians, misleading and comparative advertising and unfair commercial practices. All advertising and promotional activities for the product must be consistent with the approved summary of product characteristics, and therefore all off-label promotion is prohibited. Direct-to-consumer advertising of prescription medicines is also prohibited in the EU. Although general requirements for advertising and promotion of medicinal products are established under EU directives, the details are governed by regulations in each member state and can differ from one country to another. 
 The aforementioned EU rules are generally applicable in the European Economic Area (EEA), which consists of the 27 EU member states plus Norway, Liechtenstein and Iceland. 
 Failure to comply with EU and member state laws that apply to the conduct of clinical trials, manufacturing approval, MA of medicinal products and marketing of such products, both before and after grant of the MA, manufacturing of pharmaceutical products, statutory health insurance, bribery and anti-corruption or with other applicable regulatory requirements may result in administrative, civil or criminal penalties. These penalties could include delays or refusal to authorize the conduct of clinical trials, or to grant MA, product withdrawals and recalls, product seizures, suspension, withdrawal or variation of the MA, total or partial suspension of production, distribution, manufacturing or clinical trials, operating restrictions, injunctions, suspension of licenses, fines and criminal penalties. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 62 full-time employees. Of these employees, 18 hold a M.D. or Ph.D. degree, and 39 were engaged in research and development. None of our team members are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 
 Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and new employees, advisors and consultants. The principal purposes of our equity and cash incentive plans are to attract, retain and reward personnel through the granting of stock-based and cash-based compensation awards in order to increase stockholder value and the success of our company by motivating such individuals to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives. 
 Corporate Information 
 We were originally founded as a Delaware corporation on March 25, 2020 under the name MokshaCo, Inc. On February 8, 2021, we changed our name to HilleVax, Inc. and merged with North Bridge V, Inc. and YamadaCo III, Inc., each of which were Delaware corporations, with HilleVax, Inc. as the surviving entity. Our principal executive offices are located at 75 State Street, Suite 100 - #9995, Boston, Massachusetts 02109, and our telephone number is (617) 213-5054. 
 Available Information 
 Our website address is www.hillevax.com, and our investor relations website is located at www.ir.hillevax.com. We will make available on our website, free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. They are also available for free on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 We use our investor relations website as a means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Investors should monitor such website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. Information relating to our corporate governance is also 
 34 

included on our investor relations website. The information in or accessible through the SEC and our website are not incorporated into, and are not considered part of, this filing. 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information included in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and related notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, before making an investment decision to purchase or sell shares of our common stock. If any of the following risks are realized, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. The risks described below are not the only ones that we may face, and additional risks or uncertainties not known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business, future prospects, operations and financial condition. In this section, we first provide a summary of the principal risks and uncertainties we face and then provide a full set of risk factors and discuss them in greater detail. 
 
 Summary of Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 The risk factors included below are a summary of the principal risk factors associated with an investment in us. The summary below does not contain all of the risks we face. You should carefully consider this summary, together with the more detailed discussion of these risks and uncertainties in the following section. 
 We have a limited operating history, have incurred significant operating losses since our inception and expect to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future. We may never generate any revenue or become profitable or, if we achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain it. 

We will require substantial additional financing to achieve our goals, and a failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed on acceptable terms, or at all, could force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our development programs, commercialization efforts or other operations. 

We currently depend entirely on the success of HIL-214, which is our only vaccine candidate. If we are unable to advance HIL-214 in clinical development, obtain regulatory approval and ultimately commercialize HIL-214, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 

Clinical and preclinical development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and the results of prior clinical trials and studies of HIL-214 are not necessarily predictive of our future results. We have not completed any clinical trials for HIL-214 and we may not have favorable results in our clinical trials, or receive regulatory approval on a timely basis, if at all. 

Any difficulties or delays in the commencement or completion, or the termination or suspension, of our onging and planned clinical trials could result in increased costs to us, delay or limit our ability to generate revenue and adversely affect our commercial prospects. 

Use of HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates could be associated with adverse side effects, adverse events or other safety risks, which could delay or preclude approval, cause us to suspend or discontinue clinical trials, abandon a vaccine candidate, limit the commercial profile of an approved label or result in other significant negative consequences that could severely harm our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. 

We rely heavily on the Takeda License to provide us intellectual property rights to develop and commercialize HIL-214. If the Takeda License is terminated, we would lose our rights to develop and commercialize HIL-214. 

We rely on third parties to conduct many of our clinical trials and preclinical studies and to manufacture HIL-214, and these third parties may not perform satisfactorily which could delay, prevent or impair our development efforts or ability to seek or obtain regulatory approval for HIL-214. 

We face significant competition, and if our competitors develop technologies or vaccine candidates more rapidly than we do or their technologies are more effective, our business and our ability to develop and successfully commercialize products may be adversely affected. 

Our operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes our future operating results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations or any guidance we may provide. 

35 

Our business is subject to risks arising from the COVID-19 pandemic and other epidemic diseases. 

If we are unable to obtain, maintain and enforce patent protection for HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates, or if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize products similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates may be adversely affected. 

The trading price of the shares of our common stock could be highly volatile, and purchasers of our common stock could incur substantial losses. 

Risks Related to Our Limited Operating History, Financial Position and Capital Requirements 
 We have a limited operating history and have no products approved for commercial sale, which may make it difficult for you to evaluate our current business and predict our future success and viability. 
 Biopharmaceutical product development is a highly speculative undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history upon which you can evaluate our business and prospects. We commenced operations in 2019, and we have no products approved for clinical commercial sale. To date, we have focused primarily on organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, in-licensing intellectual property related to our initial vaccine candidate, HIL-214, and preparing for our ongoing and planned clinical trials of HIL-214. We have not yet submitted an IND or its equivalent to the applicable regulatory agencies or completed any clinical trials, manufactured a commercial-scale product or arranged for a third party to do so on our behalf, obtained regulatory approvals, or conducted sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. Consequently, any predictions made about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they would be if we had a history of successfully developing and commercializing vaccines. 
 In addition, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown factors and risks frequently experienced by clinical-stage biopharmaceutical companies in rapidly evolving fields. If our ongoing and planned clinical trials are successful, we will also need to transition from a company with a research focus to a company capable of successfully executing drug development activities and supporting commercial operations. If we do not adequately address these risks and difficulties or successfully make such a transition, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects will be significantly harmed. 
 We have incurred significant operating losses since our inception and expect to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future. We may never generate any revenue or become profitable or, if we achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain it. 
 We have incurred significant operating losses since our inception. We do not have any products approved for sale and have not generated any revenue since our inception. If HIL-214 is not successfully developed, approved and commercialized, we may never generate any revenue. Our net losses were 159.8 million and 102.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We have financed our operations to date through the issuance of convertible promissory notes and the proceeds from our IPO. Substantially all of our losses have resulted from expenses incurred in connection with in-licensing intellectual property related to, and developing, HIL-214 and from general and administrative costs associated with our operations. HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates will require substantial additional development time and resources before we would be able to apply for or receive regulatory approvals and begin generating revenue from product sales. We expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future, and we anticipate these losses will increase substantially as we continue our development of, seek regulatory approval for and potentially commercialize HIL-214 and seek to identify, assess, acquire, in-license intellectual property related to or develop additional vaccine candidates. 
 To become and remain profitable, we must succeed in developing and eventually commercializing products that generate significant revenue. This will require us to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including completing preclinical studies and clinical trials of HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates, obtaining regulatory approval for these vaccine candidates, and manufacturing, marketing and selling any products for which we may obtain regulatory approval. We are only in the preliminary stages of most of these activities. We may never succeed in these activities and, even if we do, may never generate revenue that is significant enough to achieve profitability. In addition, we have not yet demonstrated an ability to successfully overcome many of the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies in new and rapidly evolving fields, particularly in the biopharmaceutical industry. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with biopharmaceutical product development, we are unable to accurately predict the timing or amount of increased expenses or when or if, we will be able to achieve profitability. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable may have an adverse effect on the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise 
 36 

capital, expand our business, maintain our research and development efforts, diversify our vaccine candidates or even continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company could also cause you to lose all or part of your investment. 
 We will require substantial additional financing to achieve our goals, and a failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed on acceptable terms, or at all, could force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our development programs, commercialization efforts or other operations. 
 The development of vaccine candidates is capital-intensive. We expect our expenses to increase in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we conduct our ongoing and planned clinical trials for HIL-214 and potentially seek regulatory approval for HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates we may develop. In addition, if we are able to progress HIL-214 through development and commercialization, we will be required to make milestone and royalty payments to Takeda, from which we have in-licensed certain patents and know-how related to HIL-214 globally, other than in Japan, pursuant to the license agreement we entered into with Takeda on July 2, 2021 (the Takeda License). If we obtain regulatory approval for HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates, we also expect to incur significant commercialization expenses related to product manufacturing, marketing, sales and distribution. Because the outcome of any preclinical study or clinical trial is highly uncertain, we cannot reliably estimate the actual amounts necessary to successfully complete the development and commercialization of HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates. Furthermore, we expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. We do not have any committed external source of funds. 
 Based on our current operating plan, we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will enable us to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months. We have based these estimates on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our capital resources sooner than we currently expect and need to seek additional funds sooner than planned. Our existing cash and cash equivalents will not be sufficient to complete development of HIL-214, or any future vaccine candidate, and we will require substantial capital in order to advance HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates through clinical trials, regulatory approval and commercialization. Accordingly, we will need to obtain substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development programs or any future commercialization efforts. 
 We expect to finance our cash needs through public or private equity or debt financings or other capital sources, including potential collaborations, licenses, non-dilutive sources of financing, such as grants, and other similar arrangements. In addition, we may seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. Attempting to secure additional financing may divert our management from our day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our ability to develop HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: 
 the initiation, type, number, scope, results, costs and timing of, our ongoing and planned clinical trials of HIL-214 and preclinical studies or clinical trials of other potential vaccine candidates we may choose to pursue in the future, including any modifications to clinical development plans based on feedback that we may receive from regulatory authorities; 

the costs and timing of manufacturing for HIL-214, or any future vaccine candidates, and placebo to be used in our trials, as well as commercial scale manufacturing, if any vaccine candidate is approved; 

the costs, timing and outcome of regulatory meetings and reviews of HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates; 

any delays and cost increases that may result from the COVID-19 pandemic or epidemic diseases, including any associated supply chain disruption and staffing shortages; 

the costs of obtaining, maintaining, enforcing and protecting our patents and other intellectual property and proprietary rights; 

our efforts to enhance operational systems and hire additional personnel to satisfy our obligations as a public company, including enhanced internal controls over financial reporting; 

the costs associated with hiring additional personnel and consultants as our business grows, including additional executive officers and clinical development and commercial personnel; 

the terms and timing of establishing and maintaining collaborations, license agreements and other similar arrangements; 

the timing and amount of the milestone, royalty or other payments we must make to Takeda and any future licensors; 

37 

the costs and timing of establishing or securing sales and marketing capabilities if HIL-214 or future vaccine candidates are approved; 

our ability to receive recommendations from the ACIP, or other foreign national immunization technical advisory groups (NITAGs), and achieve sufficient market acceptance, coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors and adequate market share and revenue for any approved products; 

vaccine recipients willingness to pay out-of-pocket for any approved products in the absence of coverage and/or adequate reimbursement from third-party payors; and 

costs associated with any products or technologies that we may in-license or acquire. 

Conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials is a time-consuming, expensive and uncertain process that takes years to complete, and we may never generate the necessary data or results required to obtain regulatory approval and commercialize HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates. If approved, HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates may not achieve commercial success. Our commercial revenue, if any, will initially be derived from sales of HIL-214, which we do not expect to be commercially available for many years, if at all. Accordingly, we will need to continue to rely on additional financing to achieve our business objectives. Adequate additional financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all, including as a result of financial and credit market deterioration or instability, market-wide liquidity shortages, geopolitical events or otherwise. 
 Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or vaccine candidates. 
 Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenue, we expect to finance our cash needs through equity offerings, our loan and security agreement with Hercules Capital, Inc., as administrative and collateral agent, and the lenders party thereto, debt financings, or other capital sources, including potential collaborations, license agreements and other similar arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest may be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a common stockholder. The Loan Agreement includes, and any future debt financing and preferred equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include, covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. Such restrictions could adversely impact our ability to conduct our operations and execute our business plan. 
 If we raise additional funds through future collaborations, license agreements and other similar arrangements, we may be required to relinquish valuable rights to our future revenue streams, research programs, vaccine candidates, intellectual property or proprietary technology, or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us and/or that may reduce the value of our common stock. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings or other arrangements when needed or on terms acceptable to us, we would be required to delay, limit, reduce, or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market vaccine candidates that we might otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 
 Risks Related to the Development and Regulatory Approval of Our Vaccine Candidates 
 We currently depend entirely on the success of HIL-214, which is our only vaccine candidate. If we are unable to advance HIL-214 in clinical development, obtain regulatory approval and ultimately commercialize HIL-214, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 
 We currently only have one vaccine candidate, HIL-214, the intellectual property for which we have in-licensed from Takeda and which is in Phase 2 clinical development. Our business presently depends entirely on our ability to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for, and commercialize HIL-214 in a timely manner. This may make an investment in our company riskier than similar companies that have multiple vaccine candidates in active development that may be able to better sustain the delay or failure of a lead vaccine candidate. In addition, our assumptions about HIL-214 s development potential are based in large part on the data generated from preclinical studies and clinical trials conducted by Takeda and Ligocyte and we may observe materially and adversely different results as we conduct our ongoing and planned clinical trials. The success of HIL-214 will depend on several factors, including the following: 
 acceptance by the FDA, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities of our proposed design of our planned clinical trials of HIL-214, as well as our proposed immunobridging strategy to additional subject populations; 

successful initiation and enrollment of clinical trials and completion of clinical trials with favorable results; 

successful completion of preclinical studies with favorable results, including toxicology and other studies designed to be compliant with good laboratory practices (GLP); 

38 

successful development and qualification of a number of clinical assays to support the determination of our primary and secondary endpoints and the performance of such clinical assays in such trials; 

demonstrating the safety, purity, potency, immunogenicity and efficacy of HIL-214 to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities; 

making arrangements with third-party manufacturers for, or establishing, manufacturing capabilities for the clinical and, if approved, commercial supply of HIL-214; 

receipt of marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities, including approvals of biologics license applications (BLAs) or supplements from the FDA and similar marketing authorization applications (MAAs) from the EMA, and maintaining such approvals; 

establishing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities and launching commercial sales of HIL-214, if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others; 

obtaining, establishing and maintaining patent and trade secret protection or regulatory exclusivity for HIL-214; 

maintaining an acceptable safety profile of HIL-214 following regulatory approval, if any; 

maintaining and growing an organization of people who can develop and, if approved, commercialize, market and sell HIL-214; and 

acceptance of our products, if approved, by patients, the medical community and third-party payors. 

In addition, our development plan for HIL-214 initially targets the prevention of moderate to severe AGE caused by norovirus in infants. Depending on the feedback we receive from regulatory agencies, we may decide to further limit our initial target population to a subset of infants, such as infants with certain underlying health conditions common within this age range, or we may materially modify our current plans to use immunobridging studies based on a serology surrogate endpoint and or the criteria proposed to seek subsequent regulatory authorizations in older children, adults and older adults. Limiting our target patient population may negatively impact our ability to complete clinical trials or studies within our planned timeline and could limit the commercial potential of HIL-214. If we are unable to develop, receive marketing approval for and successfully commercialize HIL-214 in our targeted patient populations, or if we experience delays as a result of any of the above factors or otherwise, our business would be significantly harmed. 
 Clinical and preclinical development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and the results of prior clinical trials and studies of HIL-214 are not necessarily predictive of our future results. We have not completed clinical trials for HIL-214 and we may not have favorable results in our clinical trials, or receive regulatory approval on a timely basis, if at all. 
 Clinical and preclinical development is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. We cannot guarantee that any preclinical studies or clinical trials will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all, and failure can occur at any time during the trial or study process. For example, we may not be able to meet expected timeframes for the enrollment of our ongoing Phase 2b clinical trial of HIL-214 or the reporting of data from such trial. Despite promising preclinical or clinical results, any vaccine candidate can unexpectedly fail at any stage of preclinical or clinical development. The historical failure rate for vaccine candidates in our industry is high, particularly in the early stages of development. 
 The results from preclinical studies or clinical trials of a vaccine candidate or a competitor s vaccine candidate in the same class may not predict the results of later clinical trials of such vaccine candidate, and interim, topline, or preliminary results of a clinical trial are not necessarily indicative of final results. Vaccine candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy characteristics despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. In particular, while HIL-214 has been studied by Takeda in an extensive clinical program that included nine clinical trials, we do not know how HIL-214 will perform in our ongoing and planned clinical trials, whether due to design differences, subject population or otherwise, including our use of a different manufacturing process to produce clinical material than that used in these prior trials. For these reasons and others, it is not uncommon to observe results in clinical trials that are unexpected based on preclinical studies and early clinical trials. Many vaccine candidates fail in clinical trials despite very promising early results, and a number of companies in the biopharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in clinical development even after achieving promising results in earlier preclinical studies and clinical trials. Based upon negative or inconclusive results, we or any future collaborator may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional preclinical studies or clinical trials, which would cause us to incur additional operating expenses. Further, since there are no reliable animal models to norovirus infection, we may have to 
 39 

complete additional human challenge studies, which have been used to understand viral activity and possible immune correlates that prevent infection, making trials costlier than animal-based studies. 
 In addition, under the Takeda License, Takeda, a third party over which we have no control, has the right to develop and commercialize HIL-214 in Japan. If Takeda conducts any clinical trials of HIL-214 or if such trials generate negative results or results that conflict with the results of our clinical trials, the FDA, EMA, or other regulatory authorities may delay, limit, or deny approval of HIL-214, require us to conduct additional clinical trials as a condition to marketing approval, or withdraw their approval of HIL-214 or otherwise restrict our ability to market and sell HIL-214, if approved. 
 As a result, we cannot be certain that our ongoing and planned preclinical studies and clinical trials will be successful. Any safety concerns observed in any one of our clinical trials in our targeted indications could limit the prospects for regulatory approval of HIL-214 in those and other indications, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Any difficulties or delays in the commencement or completion, or the termination or suspension, of our current or planned clinical trials could result in increased costs to us, delay or limit our ability to generate revenue or adversely affect our commercial prospects. 
 Before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates, we must conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity, potency, immunogenicity and efficacy of the vaccine candidates in humans. In September 2021, an open IND was transferred to us by Takeda, under which we initiated a Phase 2b clinical trial. Before we can initiate clinical trials for any future vaccine candidates, we must submit the results of preclinical studies to the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities along with other information, including information about vaccine candidate chemistry, manufacturing and controls and our proposed clinical trial protocol, as part of an IND with the FDA or as part of any similar regulatory submission required for allowance to proceed with clinical development. The FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to conduct additional preclinical studies, or added clinical evaluation under any IND, clinical trial authorization or similar regulatory submission, which may lead to delays and increase the costs of our clinical development program. Moreover, even if we commence clinical trials, issues may arise that could cause regulatory authorities to suspend or terminate such clinical trials. Any such delays in the commencement or completion of our ongoing and planned clinical trials for HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates could significantly affect our product development timelines and product development costs. 
 We do not know whether our planned clinical trials will begin on time or be completed on schedule, if at all. The commencement, data readouts and completion of clinical trials can be delayed for a number of reasons, including delays related to: 
 inability to generate sufficient preclinical, toxicology, or other in vivo or in vitro data to support the initiation or continuation of clinical trials; 

obtaining regulatory authorizations to commence a trial or reaching a consensus with regulatory authorities on trial design; 

the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities disagreeing as to the implementation of our clinical trials; 

any failure or delay in reaching an agreement with contract research organizations (CROs) and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; 

delays in identifying, recruiting and training suitable clinical investigators; 

obtaining approval from one or more institutional review boards (IRBs) or ethics committees at clinical trial sites; 

IRBs refusing to approve, suspending or terminating the trial at an investigational site, precluding enrollment of additional subjects, or withdrawing their approval of the trial; 

major changes or amendments to the clinical trial protocol; 

clinical sites deviating from the trial protocol or dropping out of a trial; 

failure by our CROs to perform in accordance with good clinical practice (GCP) requirements or applicable regulatory guidelines in other countries; 

manufacturing sufficient quantities of HIL-214 and placebo for use in clinical trials, which could be materially impacted by the COVID-19 outbreaks, supply chain disruption or other issues; 

40 

Expiration of the shelf life of clinical material for use in clinical trials prior to the enrollment of any of our clinical trials; 

subjects failing to enroll or remain in our trials at the rate we expect, or failing to return for post-treatment follow-up, including subjects failing to remain in our trials due to movement restrictions, heath reasons or otherwise resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic or an outbreak of another highly infectious or contagious disease; 

insufficient incidence of norovirus infection to allow us to evaluate the endpoints in our clinical trials of HIL-214, including lower incidence due to social changes resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic; 

individuals choosing an alternative product for the indication for which we are developing HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates, or participating in competing clinical trials; 

lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial; 

subjects experiencing severe or serious unexpected vaccine-related adverse effects; 

occurrence of vaccine-related serious adverse events in trials of other protein-based vaccine candidates conducted by other companies that could be considered similar to HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates; 

selection of clinical endpoints that require prolonged periods of clinical observation or extended analysis of the resulting data; 

transfer of manufacturing processes to larger-scale facilities operated by a contract manufacturing organization (CMO), delays or failure by our CMOs or us to make any necessary changes to such manufacturing process, or failure of our CMOs to produce clinical trial materials in accordance with current good manufacturing practice (cGMP) regulations or other applicable requirements; and 

third parties being unwilling or unable to satisfy their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner. 

We could also encounter delays if a clinical trial is suspended or terminated by us, by the IRBs of the institutions in which such trials are being conducted, by a Data Safety Monitoring Board for such trial or by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Such authorities may impose such a suspension or termination due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a vaccine, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. In addition, changes in regulatory requirements and policies may occur, and we may need to amend clinical trial protocols to comply with these changes. Amendments may require us to resubmit our clinical trial protocols to IRBs for reexamination, which may impact the costs, timing or successful completion of a clinical trial. 
 Further, conducting clinical trials in foreign countries, as we are and plan to do for HIL-214 and may do for future vaccine candidates, presents additional risks that may delay completion of our clinical trials. These risks include the failure of enrolled subjects in foreign countries to adhere to clinical protocols as a result of differences in healthcare services or cultural customs, managing additional administrative burdens associated with foreign regulatory schemes, and political and economic risks, including war, relevant to such foreign countries. 
 In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, the termination or suspension of, or a delay in the commencement or completion of, clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of a vaccine candidate. We may make formulation or manufacturing changes to HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates, in which case we may need to conduct additional preclinical studies to bridge our modified vaccine candidates to earlier versions. Any resulting delays to our clinical trials could shorten any period during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our vaccine candidates. In such cases, our competitors may be able to bring products to market before we do, and the commercial viability of HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates could be significantly reduced. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects. 
 We may find it difficult to enroll subjects in our clinical trials. If we encounter difficulties enrolling subjects in our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 
 Successful and timely completion of clinical trials will require that we identify and enroll a specified number of subjects for each of our clinical trials. We may not be able to initiate or continue clinical trials for HIL-214 or any future vaccine 
 41 

candidates if we are unable to identify and enroll a sufficient number of eligible subjects to participate in these trials as required by the FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside the United States. 
 Subject enrollment, a significant factor in the timing of clinical trials, is affected by many factors, including the size and nature of the subject population, the severity of the disease under investigation, the proximity of subjects to clinical sites, the eligibility and exclusion criteria for the trial, the design of the clinical trial, the ability to obtain and maintain informed consents, the ability to co-administer a vaccine candidate with other vaccines, the risk that enrolled subjects will not complete a clinical trial, our ability to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience, and competing clinical trials and clinicians and subjects perceptions as to the potential advantages and risks of the vaccine candidate being studied in relation to other available vaccines or therapies, including any new products that may be approved for the indications we are investigating as well as any vaccine candidates under development. 
 Specifically for our planned Phase 3 trial of HIL-214, the convenience of potentially co-administrating HIL-214 with other pediatric vaccines may be an important factor in timely enrolling subjects into the trial. We plan to conduct a Phase 2 trial to evaluate the immune response to routine pediatric vaccinations when co-administered with HIL-214 or placebo. This trial is intended to gather data to help support potential co-administration in our planned Phase 3 trial. An inability to co-administer HIL-214 in our planned Phase 3 trial may negatively affect enrollment. 
 We cannot assure you that our assumptions used in determining expected clinical trial timelines are correct or that we will not experience delays in enrollment, which would result in the delay of completion of such trials beyond our expected timelines. 
 As an organization, we have never completed any clinical trials, and we may be unable to do so for HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates. 
 We will need to successfully complete our planned clinical trials in order to seek FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory approval to market HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates. Carrying out clinical trials and the submission of a successful BLA or MAA is a complicated process. We initiated a Phase 2b clinical trial of HIL-214 in infants in May 2022. While Takeda previously conducted both Phase 1 and 2 clinical trials of HIL-214, we have not previously submitted an IND or completed any clinical trials and have not previously submitted a BLA, MAA or other comparable foreign regulatory submission. Consequently, we may be unable to successfully and efficiently execute and complete necessary clinical trials in a way that enables us to seek and maintain approval of HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates. We may require more time and incur greater costs than Takeda required, or than our competitors require, and may not succeed in obtaining regulatory approvals of vaccine candidates that we develop. Failure to commence or complete, or delays in, our planned clinical trials, could prevent us from or delay us in submitting BLAs or MAAs for and potentially commercializing HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates. 
 Use of HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates could be associated with adverse side effects, adverse events or other safety risks, which could delay or preclude approval, cause us to suspend or discontinue clinical trials, abandon a vaccine candidate, limit the commercial profile of an approved label or result in other significant negative consequences that could severely harm our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. 
 As is the case with biopharmaceuticals generally, it is likely that there may be adverse side effects associated with HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates use. Results of our clinical trials could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of expected or unexpected side effects. Vaccine-related side effects could affect subject recruitment or the ability of enrolled subjects to complete the trial or result in potential product liability claims. Undesirable side effects caused by our vaccine candidates when used alone or in combination with approved drugs, biologics or vaccines could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or lead to the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Any of these occurrences could severely harm our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. 
 Moreover, if HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates are associated with undesirable side effects in clinical trials or demonstrate characteristics that are unexpected, we may elect to abandon their development or limit their development to more narrow uses or subpopulations in which the undesirable side effects or other characteristics are less prevalent, less severe or more acceptable from a risk-benefit perspective, which may limit the commercial expectations for the vaccine candidate if approved. We may also be required to modify our development and clinical trial plans based on findings after we commence clinical trials. Many compounds that initially showed promise in early-stage testing have later been found to cause side effects that prevented further development of the compounds. In addition, regulatory authorities may draw different conclusions or require additional testing to confirm these determinations. 
 In addition to our ongoing Phase 2b clinical trial in infants and planned Phase 3 clinical trials, we will need to conduct co-administration trials with other vaccines as required to fit into a pediatric vaccination schedule, as well as other required pediatric trials. It is possible that as we test HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates in larger, longer and more extensive 
 42 

clinical trials, or if the use of these vaccine candidates becomes more widespread following regulatory approval, more illnesses, injuries, discomforts and other adverse events than were observed in earlier trials, as well as new conditions that did not occur or went undetected, may be discovered. If such side effects become known later in development or upon approval, if any, such findings may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. Further, if a serious safety issue is identified in connection with use of HIL-214 in any trials that may be conducted by Takeda, such issues may adversely affect the development potential of HIL-214 or result in regulatory authorities restricting our ability to develop HIL-214. 
 In addition, if HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidate receives marketing approval, and we or others later identify undesirable side effects caused by such vaccine, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 
 regulatory authorities may withdraw, suspend or limit approvals of such vaccine or seek an injunction against its manufacture or distribution; 

we may be required to recall a vaccine or change the way such vaccine is administered to individuals; 

regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label, such as a black box warning or a contraindication; 

we may be required to implement a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) or create a medication guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to individuals; 

we may be required to change the way a vaccine is distributed or administered, conduct additional clinical trials or change the labeling of a vaccine or be required to conduct additional post-marketing studies or surveillance; 

we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to vaccine recipients; 

sales of the vaccine may decrease significantly or the vaccine could become less competitive; and 

our reputation may suffer. 

Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the particular vaccine candidate, if approved, and could significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. 
 Vaccine candidates are subject to extensive regulation and compliance, which is costly and time consuming, and such regulation and compliance may cause unanticipated delays or prevent the receipt of the required approvals and licenses to commercialize HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates. 
 The clinical development, manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, advertising, promotion, import, export, marketing, distribution and adverse event reporting, including the submission of safety and other information, of vaccine candidates are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA in the United States, the EMA in the European Union and by comparable foreign regulatory authorities in other foreign markets. In the United States, we are not permitted to market our vaccine candidates until we receive regulatory approval from the FDA in the United States, which is referred to as licensure. The process of obtaining regulatory approval is expensive, often takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials and can vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the vaccine candidates involved, as well as the target indications and populations. Approval policies or regulations may change, and the FDA and the EMA have substantial discretion in the vaccine approval process, including the ability to delay, limit or deny approval of a vaccine candidate for many reasons. Despite the time and expense invested in clinical development of vaccine candidates, regulatory approval is never guaranteed. We are not permitted to market any of our vaccine candidates until we receive approval of a BLA from the FDA in the United States or a MAA by the EMA in Europe. 
 Prior to obtaining approval to commercialize a vaccine candidate in the United States or abroad, we or our collaborators must demonstrate with substantial evidence from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials, and to the satisfaction of the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities, that such vaccine candidates are safe, pure and potent and effective for their intended uses. Results from preclinical studies and clinical trials can be interpreted in different ways. Even if we believe the preclinical or clinical data for our vaccine candidates are promising, such data may not be sufficient to support approval by the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. The FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities, as the case may be, may also require us to conduct additional preclinical studies or clinical trials for HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates either prior to approval or post-approval, or may object to elements of our clinical development program. 
 The FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities can delay, limit or deny approval of a vaccine candidate for many reasons, including: 
 such authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials; 

43 

negative or ambiguous results from our clinical trials, or results may not otherwise meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory agencies for approval; 

serious and unexpected vaccine-related side effects may be experienced by participants in our clinical trials or by individuals using vaccines similar to our vaccine candidates; 

such authorities may not accept clinical data from trials that are conducted at clinical facilities or in countries where the standard of care is potentially different from those of their respective home countries; 

we may be unable to demonstrate that a vaccine candidate is safe and effective, and that such vaccine candidate s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks; 

such authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

such authorities may not agree that the data collected from clinical trials of our vaccine candidates are acceptable or sufficient to support the submission of a BLA, MAA or other marketing application, and such authorities may impose requirements for additional preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

such authorities may disagree regarding the formulation, labeling and/or the specifications of HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates; 

approval may be granted only for indications that are significantly more limited than what we apply for and/or be subject to other significant restrictions on distribution and use; 

such authorities may find deficiencies in the manufacturing processes, approval policies or facilities of Takeda and any other third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; 

regulations of such authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our or any of our potential future collaborators clinical data insufficient for approval; or 

such authorities may not accept a submission due to, among other reasons, the content of or presentation of the data in the submission. 

Of the large number of vaccines and biologics in development, only a small percentage successfully complete the FDA or foreign regulatory approval processes and are commercialized. The lengthy approval process as well as the unpredictability of future clinical trial results may result in our failing to obtain regulatory approval to market HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates, which would significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. 
 With respect to foreign markets, approval procedures vary among countries and, in addition to the foregoing risks, may involve additional product testing, administrative review periods and agreements with pricing authorities. In addition, events raising questions about the safety of certain marketed biopharmaceuticals may result in increased cautiousness by the FDA, EMA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities in reviewing new drugs based on safety, efficacy or other regulatory considerations and may result in significant delays in obtaining regulatory approvals. 
 Any delay in obtaining, or inability to obtain, applicable regulatory approvals would prevent us from commercializing HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates. 
 We may not be successful in our efforts to investigate HIL-214 in additional age groups or in additional indications and formulations. We may expend our limited resources to pursue a particular indication or formulation for HIL-214 and fail to capitalize on vaccine candidates, indications or formulations that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 
 Because we have limited financial and managerial resources, we focus on specific vaccine candidates, development programs and indications. We plan to focus our initial development efforts on evaluating HIL-214 for the prevention of moderate-to-severe acute gastroenteritis caused by norovirus in infants. We then plan to pursue an immunobridging strategy to expand the development of HIL-214 to older children, adults, older adults and other high-risk groups. Immunobridging studies aim to demonstrate non-inferiority of immune response against a pre-specified criteria between a reference age group (i.e., infants) and target age groups in specific clinical trials. These studies require an appropriate and acceptable serological surrogate and assay and are designed to support supplemental or additional marketing authorization for other age groups without the need for an efficacy trial. However, we may not be able to confirm an appropriate serological surrogate in our infant efficacy trials and even if we do, the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authority may not support our proposed immunobridging criteria or strategy. If either of these events occur, we would be required to conduct additional efficacy clinical trials in adults, which would lead to significant delays and would materially increase the costs of our clinical development program for HIL-214 in these additional age groups. We may also evaluate alternative formulations or combinations of HIL-214, including through the addition of new norovirus strains to cover relevant or emerging genotypes. As a result of our decision to pursue a given age group, formulation or indication, 
 44 

we may forgo or delay pursuit of opportunities with other vaccine candidates that could have had greater commercial potential. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities. Our spending on current and future research and development programs and vaccine candidates for specific indications may not yield any commercially viable vaccine candidates. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target market for a particular vaccine candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that vaccine candidate through collaborations, license agreements and other similar arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights to such vaccine candidate. 
 If the incidence rates of infection for the specific pathogens we are targeting are smaller than we believe they are, our clinical development may be adversely affected, and our business may suffer. 
 Our projections of both the number of people who have a norovirus infection, as well as the subset of people with genotypes who have the potential to benefit from treatment with HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates, are based on our estimates. These estimates have been derived from a variety of sources, including scientific literature, epidemiologic surveys, and market research based on healthcare databases, and may prove to be incorrect or imprecise. In addition, precise incidence for the noroviruses we aim to address with HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates may vary from season to season. Further, new trials or information may change the estimated incidence of these diseases. Our planned clinical trial sizes are based on our current estimates for rates of infection for the specific norovirus targeted by HIL-214, and such rates and estimates may be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting changes in social interactions and behaviors. If our estimates are incorrect, this may impact the number of subjects that need to be recruited for our clinical trials, the time required to evaluate trial endpoints in these subjects and the overall time to complete the trial, may result in us having to repeat a clinical trial, or could impact the likelihood of success of our clinical development. 
 Interim, topline and preliminary data from our preclinical studies and clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more subject data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. 
 From time to time, we may publicly disclose preliminary or topline data from our preclinical studies and clinical trials, which is based on a preliminary analysis of then-available data, and the results and related findings and conclusions are subject to change following a more comprehensive review of the data related to the particular study or trial. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, the topline or preliminary results that we report may differ from future results of the same studies or trials, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such results, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Topline and preliminary data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the topline or preliminary data we previously published. As a result, topline and preliminary data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. 
 From time to time, we may also disclose interim data from our preclinical studies and clinical trials. Interim data from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. Adverse differences between interim data and final data could significantly harm our business prospects. Further, disclosure of interim data by us or by our competitors could result in volatility in the price of our common stock. 
 Further, others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability or commercialization of the particular vaccine candidate or product and our company in general. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical trial is based on what is typically extensive information, and you or others may not agree with what we determine is material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure. . If the interim, topline, or preliminary data that we report differ from actual results, or if others, including regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to obtain approval for, and commercialize, HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates may be harmed, which could harm our business, operating results, prospects or financial condition. 
 Changes in methods of vaccine candidate manufacturing or formulation may result in additional costs or delay. 
 As vaccine candidates progress through clinical trials to marketing approval and commercialization, it is common that various aspects of the development program, such as manufacturing methods and formulation, are altered along the way in an effort to optimize safety, efficacy, yield and manufacturing batch size, minimize costs and achieve consistent quality and results. Such changes carry the risk that they will not achieve these intended objectives. For example, the manufacturing process being used to produce clinical material for our ongoing and planned clinical trials is different than that used in prior trials of HIL-214. These changes and any future changes we may make to HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates may cause such candidates to perform differently and affect the results of future clinical trials conducted with 
 45 

the altered materials. Such changes or negative trial results could delay initiation or completion of clinical trials, require the conduct of bridging studies or clinical trials or the repetition of one or more studies or clinical trials, increase development costs, delay potential marketing approval and jeopardize our ability to commercialize HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates, if approved, and generate revenue. 
 Disruptions at the FDA and other government agencies caused by funding shortages or global health concerns could hinder their ability to hire, retain or deploy key leadership and other personnel, or otherwise prevent new or modified products from being developed, approved or commercialized in a timely manner or at all, which could negatively impact our business. 
 The ability of the FDA and other government agencies to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, statutory, regulatory and policy changes, a government agency s ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and other events that may otherwise affect the government agency s ability to perform routine functions. Average review times at the FDA and other government agencies have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of other government agencies that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new biologics or modifications to approved biologics to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA, have had to furlough critical employees and stop critical activities. 
 Separately, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the FDA postponed most inspections of domestic and foreign manufacturing facilities at various points. Even though the FDA has since resumed standard inspection operations of domestic facilities where feasible, the FDA has continued to monitor and implement changes to its inspectional activities to ensure the safety of its employees and those of the firms it regulates as it adapts to the evolving COVID-19 pandemic, and any resurgence of the virus or emergence of new variants may lead to further inspectional delays. Regulatory authorities outside the United States may adopt similar restrictions or other policy measures in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, regulatory agencies such as the FDA and EMA slowed down the review of non-COVID vaccine-related efforts since 2020 in order to handle the workload and priority needed for review of COVID-related vaccines. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, or if global health concerns continue to prevent the FDA or other regulatory authorities from conducting their regular inspections, reviews or other regulatory activities, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA or other regulatory authorities to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties 
 We heavily rely on the Takeda License to provide us with intellectual property rights to develop and commercialize HIL-214. If the Takeda License is terminated, we would lose our rights to develop and commercialize HIL-214. 
 Pursuant to the Takeda License, we have, among other things, secured an exclusive license from Takeda under certain patents and know-how relating to HIL-214 to commercialize HIL-214 globally, with the exception of Japan. The Takeda License expires on a country-by-country basis and product-by-product basis upon the expiration of the applicable royalty term with respect to each product in each country, as applicable, or in its entirety upon the expiration of the royalty term with respect to the last product commercialized in the last country, unless terminated earlier. We may terminate the Takeda License in its entirety without cause upon six months prior written notice. We and Takeda may terminate the Takeda License in the case of the other party s insolvency, or upon prior written notice within a specified time period for the other party s material uncured breach. Takeda may terminate the Takeda License in its entirety if we challenge the licensed patents, or if we assist any third party in challenging such patents. In addition, if any of the regulatory milestones or other cash payments become due under the terms of the Takeda License, we may not have sufficient funds available to meet our obligations, Takeda has the right to terminate the Takeda License upon our uncured failure to pay Takeda. If the Takeda License is terminated, we would lose our rights to develop and commercialize HIL-214, which in turn would have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and prospects. 
 We rely on third parties to conduct preclinical studies and clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, comply with applicable regulatory requirements or meet expected deadlines, our development programs and our ability to seek or obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates may be delayed. 
 We depend on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials for HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates. Specifically, we rely on, and will continue to rely on, medical institutions, clinical investigators, CROs and consultants to conduct preclinical studies and clinical trials, in each case in accordance with our clinical protocols and regulatory requirements. These CROs, investigators and other third parties play a significant role in the conduct and 
 46 

timing of these trials and subsequent collection and analysis of data. Though we expect to carefully manage our relationships with our CROs, investigators and other third parties, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and prospects. Further, while we will have agreements governing the activities of our third-party contractors, we have limited influence over their actual performance. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our preclinical studies and clinical trials are conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol and legal, regulatory and scientific standards and requirements, and our reliance on our CROs and other third parties does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. In addition, we and our CROs are required to comply with GCP requirements, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA, EMA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates in clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce these GCPs through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial sites. If we or any of our CROs or trial sites fail to comply with applicable GCPs, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable, and the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. Furthermore, our clinical trials must be conducted with vaccine candidates and placebo produced under cGMP regulations. Failure to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials or recall batches of our vaccine candidate or placebo, which would delay the regulatory approval process. 
 There is no guarantee that any of our CROs, investigators or other third parties will devote adequate time and resources to our preclinical studies or clinical trials or perform as contractually required. If any of these third parties fails to meet expected deadlines, adhere to our clinical protocols or meet regulatory requirements, or otherwise performs in a substandard manner, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated. In addition, many of the third parties with whom we contract may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting preclinical studies, clinical trials or other development activities that could harm our competitive position. 
 If any of our relationships with these third parties terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative third parties on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Switching or adding additional CROs, investigators and other third parties involves additional cost and requires our management s time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new CRO commences work. As a result, delays occur, which can materially impact our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines. Though we work to carefully manage our relationships with our CROs, investigators and other third parties, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and prospects. 
 We currently rely on third parties for the manufacture of HIL-214 for clinical development and expect to continue to rely on third parties for the foreseeable future. This reliance on third parties increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of HIL-214 or such quantities at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or potential commercialization efforts. 
 We do not own or operate manufacturing facilities and have no plans to develop our own clinical or commercial-scale manufacturing capabilities. Pursuant to the Takeda License, we entered into a clinical manufacturing and supply agreement with Takeda for the supply of HIL-214 for our Phase 2b clinical trial in infants. We also rely, and expect to continue to rely, on additional third-party manufacturers for the manufacture of HIL-214, placebo, critical reagents and related raw materials for clinical development, as well as for commercial manufacture if HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates receives marketing approval. The facilities used by third-party manufacturers to manufacture HIL-214 must be approved by the FDA and any comparable foreign regulatory authority pursuant to inspections that will be conducted after we submit a BLA to the FDA or any comparable submission to a foreign regulatory authority. We do not control the manufacturing process of, and are completely dependent on, third-party manufacturers for compliance with cGMP requirements for manufacture of products. In addition, we have no control over the ability of third-party manufacturers to procure raw material supplies and maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. Furthermore, the process of manufacturing biologics is complex and highly susceptible to product loss due to contamination, equipment failure, improper installation or operation of equipment, vendor or operator error, inconsistency in yields, variability in product characteristics and difficulties in scaling the production process. Even minor deviations from normal manufacturing processes could result in reduced production yields, product defects, other supply disruptions and higher costs. If microbial, viral or other contaminations are discovered at the facilities of our third-party manufacturers, such facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy the contamination, which could delay clinical trials, result in higher costs of drug product and adversely affect our business. Further, our clinical supply of HIL-214 and placebo for use in future clinical trials has a shelf life that may expire prior to the full enrollment of our ongoing and planned clinical trials causing similar delays or other supply disruptions. Any performance failure on the part of our third-party manufacturers could delay clinical development or marketing approval of HIL-214, and may 
 47 

adversely affect our future profit margins and our ability to commercialize any vaccines that receive marketing approval on a timely and competitive basis. 
 In addition, we do not have any long-term commitments or long-term supply agreements with any third-party manufacturers. We may be unable to establish any supply agreements with additional third-party manufacturers or to do so on acceptable terms, which increases the risk of failing to timely obtain sufficient quantities of HIL-214 or such quantities at an acceptable cost. Even if we are able to establish long-term agreements with third-party manufacturers, reliance on third-party manufacturers entails additional risks, including: 
 failure of third-party manufacturers to comply with regulatory requirements and maintain quality assurance; 

breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party; 

failure to manufacture our product according to our specifications, our schedule, or at all; 

infringement, misappropriation or other violation of our intellectual property and proprietary information, including our trade secrets and know-how; and 

termination or nonrenewal of the agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us. 

There are a limited number of manufacturers that operate under cGMP regulations and that might be capable of manufacturing for us, and HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates that we may develop may compete with other vaccine candidates and products for access to such manufacturers and manufacturing facilities. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has reduced manufacturing capacity worldwide and limited access to materials needed to manufacture key components of HIL-214. Increased competition amongst developers to access manufacturers and materials could increase the costs of, or otherwise limit our ability to, manufacture HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates. 
 If materials manufactured by our third-party manufacturers do not conform to our specifications or the regulatory requirements necessary for use in clinical trials, we may experience delays in our development efforts or may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our vaccine candidates, if approved. 
 Our third-party manufacturers may be unable to successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority. In order for us to use the material manufactured by third-party manufacturers, their manufacturing facilities in which our materials are produced must comply with applicable laws and regulations governing the manufacture of biologic product candidates, and upon a request for marketing authorization, these facilities must be authorized for the manufacture of HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates in connection with any approval of a marketing application we submit. If the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority determines that such facilities are noncompliant or does not authorize these facilities to manufacture our vaccine candidates or if it withdraws any such authorization in the future, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market our vaccine candidates, if approved. For example, in June 2020, the FDA issued a warning letter to Takeda following a routine inspection of aseptic (sterile) drug product manufacturing at Takeda s manufacturing facility located in Hikari, Yamaguchi (the Hikari Facility). Takeda also manufactures HIL-214, an aseptic product, at the Hikari Facility. The warning letter stated that the FDA was not satisfied with Takeda s response to an FDA Form 483 issued to Takeda following the inspection and cited significant violations of cGMP for finished aseptic pharmaceuticals. We have not experienced any clinical supply constraints to date as a result of these issues and the issues relating to the Hikari Facility were closed by the FDA in October 2021. We currently do not expect that the issues relating to the Hikari Facility will have an effect on our ongoing or future clinical trials. While we are seeking to identify and secure additional third-party contract manufacturers, we may be unable to do so at an acceptable cost, or at all, which could significantly impact our ability to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize HIL-214, if approved. Our failure, or the failure of our third-party manufacturers, to comply with applicable regulations could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including clinical holds, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, seizures or recalls of vaccine candidates or products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect supplies of our products. Additionally, our third-party manufacturers may rely on single source suppliers for certain of the raw materials for our preclinical and clinical product supplies. If current or future suppliers are delayed or unable to supply sufficient raw materials to manufacture product for our preclinical studies and clinical trials, we may experience delays in our development efforts as materials are obtained or we locate and qualify new raw material manufacturers. 
 Our or a third party s failure to execute on our manufacturing requirements on commercially reasonable terms and in compliance with cGMP or other regulatory requirements could adversely affect our business in a number of ways, including: 
 an inability to initiate clinical trials of HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates; 

48 

delay in submitting regulatory applications, or receiving marketing approvals, for HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates; 

subjecting third-party manufacturing facilities or our potential future manufacturing facilities to additional inspections by regulatory authorities; 

requirements to cease development or to recall batches of HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates; and 

in the event of approval to market and commercialize HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates, an inability to meet commercial demands for such vaccines. 

Any performance failure on the part of Takeda or other future manufacturers could delay clinical development or marketing approval, and any related remedial measures may be costly or time consuming to implement. In addition, our current and anticipated future dependence upon others for the manufacture of HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates may adversely affect our future profit margins and our ability to commercialize any vaccines that receive marketing approval on a timely and competitive basis. 
 Our reliance on third parties requires us to share our trade secrets, which increases the possibility that a competitor or other third party will discover them or that our trade secrets will be misappropriated or disclosed. 
 Because we currently rely on third parties to manufacture HIL-214 and to perform quality testing, we must, at times, share our proprietary technology and confidential information, including trade secrets, with them. We seek to protect our proprietary technology, in part, by entering into confidentiality agreements, and, if applicable, material transfer agreements, collaborative research agreements, consulting agreements or other similar agreements with our collaborators, advisors, employees and consultants prior to beginning research or disclosing proprietary information. These agreements typically limit the rights of the third parties to use or disclose our confidential information, including our trade secrets. Despite the contractual provisions employed when working with third parties, the need to share trade secrets and other confidential information increases the risk that such trade secrets become known by our competitors or other third parties, are intentionally or inadvertently incorporated into the technology of others or are disclosed or used in violation of these agreements. Given that our proprietary position is based, in part, on our know-how and trade secrets and despite our efforts to protect our trade secrets, a competitor s or other third party s discovery of our proprietary technology and confidential information or other unauthorized use or disclosure of such technology or information would impair our competitive position and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may seek to enter into collaborations, license agreements and other similar arrangements and may not be successful in doing so, and even if we are, we may relinquish valuable rights and may not realize the benefits of such relationships. 
 We may seek to enter into collaborations, joint ventures, license agreements and other similar arrangements for the development or commercialization of HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates, due to capital costs required to develop or commercialize the vaccine candidate or manufacturing constraints. We may not be successful in our efforts to establish or maintain such collaborations because our research and development pipeline may be insufficient, HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development for collaborative effort or third parties may not view such vaccine candidates as having the requisite potential to demonstrate safety, immunogenicity and efficacy or significant commercial opportunity. In addition, we face significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic partners, and the negotiation process can be time-consuming and complex. 
 Even if we are successful in our efforts to establish such collaborations, the terms that we agree upon may not be favorable to us. For example, we may need to relinquish valuable rights to our future revenue streams, research programs, intellectual property or vaccine candidates, or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us, as part of any such arrangement, and such arrangements may restrict us from entering into additional agreements with other potential collaborators. In addition, if we enter into such collaborations, we will have limited control over the amount and timing of resources that our collaborators will dedicate to the development or commercialization of our vaccine candidates. Our ability to generate revenue from these arrangements will depend on any future collaborators abilities to successfully perform the functions assigned to them in these arrangements. We cannot be certain that, following a collaboration, license or strategic transaction, we will achieve an economic benefit that justifies such transaction. Furthermore, we may 
 49 

not be able to maintain such collaborations if, for example, the development or approval of a vaccine candidate is delayed, the safety of a vaccine candidate is questioned or the sales of an approved vaccine candidate are unsatisfactory. 
 Collaborations involving HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates would pose significant risks to us, including the following: 
 collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to these collaborations; 

collaborators may not perform their obligations as expected; 

we could grant exclusive rights to our collaborators that would prevent us from collaborating with others; 

collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of any vaccine candidates that achieve regulatory approval or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on clinical trial results, changes in the collaborators strategic focus or available funding, or external factors, such as an acquisition, that divert resources or create competing priorities; 

collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial program, stop a clinical trial or abandon a vaccine candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials or require a new formulation of a vaccine candidate for clinical testing; 

collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, vaccines that compete directly or indirectly with our vaccine candidates if the collaborators believe that competitive vaccines are more likely to be successfully developed or can be commercialized under terms that are more economically attractive than ours; 

vaccine candidates discovered in collaboration with us may be viewed by our collaborators as competitive with their own vaccine candidates or drugs, which may cause collaborators to cease to devote resources to the commercialization of our vaccine candidates; 

a collaborator with marketing and distribution rights to any vaccine candidate that achieves regulatory approval may not commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of such vaccines; 

a collaborator s sales and marketing activities or other operations may not be in compliance with applicable laws, resulting in civil or criminal proceedings; 

disagreements with collaborators, including disagreements over proprietary rights, contract interpretation or the preferred course of development, might cause delays in or termination of the research, development or commercialization of vaccine candidates, might lead to additional responsibilities for us with respect to vaccine candidates, or might result in litigation or arbitration, any of which would be time-consuming and expensive; 

collaborators may not properly enforce, maintain or defend our or their intellectual property rights or may use our or their proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate such intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to potential litigation; 

collaborators may infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may expose us to litigation and potential liability; 

collaborators may not provide us with timely and accurate information regarding development, regulatory or commercialization status or results, which could adversely impact our ability to manage our own development efforts, accurately forecast financial results or provide timely information to our stockholders regarding our out-licensed vaccine candidates; 

we may be required to invest resources and attention into such collaboration, which could distract from other business objectives; 

disputes may arise between the collaborators and us regarding ownership of or other rights in the intellectual property generated in the course of the collaborations; 

collaboration agreements may not lead to development or commercialization of vaccine candidates in the most efficient manner or at all; 

if a collaborator of ours were to be involved in a business combination, the continued pursuit and emphasis on our product development or commercialization program could be delayed, diminished or terminated; and 

50 

collaborations may be terminated, including for the convenience of the collaborator, prior to or upon the expiration of the agreed upon terms and, if terminated, we may find it more difficult to enter into future collaborations or be required to raise additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable vaccine candidates. 

Any termination of collaborations we enter into in the future, or any delay in entering into collaborations related to HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates, could delay the development and commercialization of such vaccine candidates and reduce their competitiveness if they reach the market, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Commercialization of HIL-214 and Any Future Vaccine Candidates 
 Even if we receive regulatory approval for HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense. Additionally, HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates, if approved, could be subject to labeling and other restrictions on marketing or withdrawal from the market, and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we experience unanticipated problems with our vaccine candidates, when and if any of them are approved. 
 Any regulatory approvals that we may receive for HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates will require the submission of reports to regulatory authorities, subject us to surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product, may contain significant limitations related to use restrictions for specified age groups, warnings, precautions or contraindications, and may include burdensome post-approval study or risk management requirements. For example, the FDA may require a REMS as a condition of approval of HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates, which could include requirements for a medication guide, physician communication plans or additional elements to ensure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. In addition, if the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority approves HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion, import, export and recordkeeping for our products will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration, as well as continued compliance with cGMPs and GCP requirements for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. Failure to comply with regulatory requirements or later discovery of previously unknown problems with our products, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with our third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, may result in, among other things: 
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of our products, withdrawal of the product from the market or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; 

restrictions on product distribution or use, or requirements to conduct post-marketing studies or clinical trials; 

restrictions on our ability to conduct clinical trials, including full or partial clinical holds on ongoing or planned trials; 

fines, restitutions, disgorgement of profits or revenue, warning letters, untitled letters, adverse publicity requirements or holds on clinical trials; 

refusal by the FDA or other regulatory authorities to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications submitted by us or suspension or revocation of approvals; 

product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of our products; and 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to commercialize HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates and generate revenue and could require us to expend significant time and resources in response and could generate negative publicity. 
 The FDA s and other regulatory authorities policies may change and additional government regulations may be promulgated that could prevent, limit or delay marketing authorization of any vaccine candidates we develop. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are 
 51 

not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may be subject to enforcement action and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. 
 HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates for which we intend to seek approval as biologic products may face competition sooner than anticipated. 
 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (the ACA), includes a subtitle called the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 (BPCIA), which created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products that are biosimilar to or interchangeable with an FDA-licensed reference biological product. Under the BPCIA, an application for a highly similar or biosimilar product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following the date that the reference product was first approved by the FDA. In addition, the approval of a biosimilar product may not be made effective by the FDA until 12 years from the date on which the reference product was first approved. During this 12-year period of exclusivity, the FDA may approve a full BLA for the competing product containing the sponsor s own preclinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity and potency of their product. We believe that HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates approved as a biological product under a BLA should qualify for the 12-year period of exclusivity. However, there is a risk that this exclusivity could be shortened due to congressional action or otherwise, or that the FDA will not consider our vaccine candidates to be reference products for competing products, potentially creating the opportunity for competition sooner than anticipated. 
 The commercial success of HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates will depend upon the degree of market acceptance of such vaccine candidates by healthcare providers, vaccine recipients, healthcare payors and others in the medical community, which is reliant on a number of factors, including the receipt of a preferred recommendation from the ACIP or other foreign national immunization technical advisory groups. 
 HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates may not be commercially successful. Even if HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates receive regulatory approval, they may not gain market acceptance among healthcare providers, individuals within our target population, healthcare payors, NITAGs or the medical community. The commercial success of any of HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates will depend significantly on the broad adoption and use of the resulting product by these individuals and organizations for approved indications. The degree of market acceptance of our products will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 demonstration of clinical efficacy and safety; 

the indications for which our vaccine candidates are approved; 

any anti-vaccine sentiments within our targeted patient population; 

the limitation of our targeted population and other limitations or warnings contained in any FDA-approved labeling; 

acceptance of a competing vaccine for the relevant indication by healthcare providers and their patients; 

acceptance of, and preference for, a therapeutic that treats the condition our vaccine targets, by healthcare providers and their patients; 

the pricing and cost-effectiveness of our products, as well as the cost of treatment with our products in relation to alternative treatments and therapies; 

our ability to obtain and maintain sufficient third-party coverage and adequate reimbursement from government healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, private health insurers and other third-party payors; 

receiving recommendations from the ACIP or other foreign NITAGs for use, as well as placement of our vaccine candidates on national immunization programs, which may impact the likelihood of third-party coverage and extent of healthcare provider acceptance; 

the willingness of pediatricians and healthcare professionals generally to recommend that patients receive our vaccine; 

the willingness of vaccine recipients to pay all, or a portion of, out-of-pocket costs associated with our products in the absence of sufficient third-party coverage and adequate reimbursement; 

any restrictions on the use of our products, and the prevalence and severity of any adverse effects; 

potential product liability claims; 

the timing of market introduction of our products as well as competitive drugs; 

52 

the effectiveness of our sales and marketing strategies; and 

unfavorable publicity relating to the product. 

In the United States, the ACIP develops vaccine recommendations, and there are similar NITAG agencies in other jurisdictions around the world that develop vaccine recommendations. To develop its recommendations, the ACIP forms working groups that gather, analyze and prepare scientific information. The ACIP also considers many of the factors above, as well as myriad additional factors such as the value of vaccination for the target population regarding the outcomes, health economic data and implementation issues. The ACIP recommendations are also made within categories, such as in an age group or a specified risk group, and vaccines that receive a preferred ACIP recommendation are generally widely adopted in the United States. Following completion of our Phase 2b and 3 clinical trials of HIL-214 in infants, if achieved, ACIP may decline to recommend our vaccine. In addition, the failure of any other developer of norovirus vaccine candidates to secure such an ACIP recommendation, or any limitations of any ACIP recommendations secured by any other developers, may limit the market opportunity of HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates. If HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidate is approved but does not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, hospitals, healthcare payors or patients, we may not generate sufficient revenue from that product and may not become or remain profitable. 
 The FDA and other regulatory agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. If we are found or alleged to have improperly promoted off-label uses, we may become subject to significant liability. 
 The FDA and other regulatory agencies strictly regulate the promotional claims that may be made about biologics. These regulations include standards and restrictions for direct-to-consumer advertising, industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities, promotional activities involving the internet and off-label promotion. 
 Any regulatory approval that the FDA grants is limited to those indications and patient populations for which a biologic product is deemed to be safe, pure and potent by the FDA. While physicians in the United States may choose, and are generally permitted, to prescribe products for uses that are not described in the product s labeling and for uses that differ from those tested in clinical trials and approved by the FDA, our ability to promote HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates, if approved, will be narrowly limited to those indications and populations that are specifically approved by the FDA, and if we are found to have promoted such off-label uses, we may become subject to significant liability. For example, the federal government has levied large civil and criminal fines against companies for alleged improper promotion and has enjoined several companies from engaging in off-label promotion. The government has also required companies to enter into consent decrees or imposed permanent injunctions under which specified promotional conduct is changed or curtailed. If we cannot successfully manage the promotion of HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates, if approved, we could become subject to significant liability, which would materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 The successful commercialization of HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates, if approved, will depend in part on the extent to which governmental authorities and health insurers establish coverage, adequate reimbursement levels and favorable pricing policies. Failure to obtain or maintain coverage and adequate reimbursement for our products could limit our ability to market those products and decrease our ability to generate revenue. 
 The availability of coverage and the adequacy of reimbursement by governmental healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, private health insurers and other third-party payors are essential for most vaccine recipients to be able to afford prescription medications such as HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates, if approved. Our ability to achieve coverage and acceptable levels of reimbursement for our products by third-party payors will have an effect on our ability to successfully commercialize those products. Accordingly, we will need to successfully implement a coverage and reimbursement strategy for any approved vaccine candidate. Even if we obtain coverage for a given product by a third-party payor, the resulting reimbursement payment rates may not be adequate or may require copayments that vaccine recipients find unacceptably high. We cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement in the United States, the European Union or elsewhere will be available, or at an acceptable level, for any product that we may develop, and any reimbursement that may become available may be decreased or eliminated in the future. 
 There is significant uncertainty related to third-party payor coverage and reimbursement of newly approved products. In the United States, third-party payors, including private and governmental payors, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs, play an important role in determining the extent to which new vaccines will be covered. Some third-party payors may require pre-approval of coverage for new or innovative products before they will reimburse healthcare providers who use such products. It is difficult to predict at this time what third-party payors will decide with respect to the coverage and reimbursement for HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates. In addition, certain ACA marketplace and other private payor plans are required to include coverage for certain preventative services, including vaccinations recommended by the ACIP and on the CDC s National Immunization Program, without cost share obligations (i.e., co-payments, deductibles 
 53 

or co-insurance) for plan members. Children up to 18 years of age without other health insurance coverage may be eligible to receive such vaccinations free-of-charge through the CDC s Vaccines for Children program. For Medicare beneficiaries, vaccines may be covered for reimbursement under either Medicare Part B or Part D depending on several criteria, including the type of vaccine and the beneficiary s coverage eligibility. If HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates, if approved, are reimbursed only under the Part D program, healthcare providers may be less willing to use our products because of the claims adjudication costs and time related to the claims adjudication process and collection of co-payment associated with the Part D program. 
 Obtaining and maintaining reimbursement status is time-consuming, costly and uncertain. The Medicare and Medicaid programs increasingly are used as models for how private payors and other governmental payors develop their coverage and reimbursement policies for drugs. However, no uniform policy for coverage and reimbursement for products exists among third-party payors in the United States. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for products can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance. Furthermore, rules and regulations regarding reimbursement change frequently and, in some cases, at short notice, and we believe that changes in these rules and regulations are likely. 
 Outside the United States, international operations are generally subject to extensive governmental price controls and other market regulations, and we believe the increasing emphasis on cost-containment initiatives in Europe and other countries has and will continue to put pressure on the pricing and usage of our products. In many countries, the prices of medical products are subject to varying price control mechanisms as part of national health systems. Other countries allow companies to fix their own prices for medical products but monitor and control company profits. Additional foreign price controls or other changes in pricing regulation could restrict the amount that we are able to charge for our products. Accordingly, in markets outside the United States, the reimbursement for our products may be reduced compared with the United States and may be insufficient to generate commercially reasonable revenue and profits. 
 Moreover, increasing efforts by governmental and third-party payors in the United States and abroad to cap or reduce healthcare costs may cause such organizations to limit both coverage and the level of reimbursement for newly approved products and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our products. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of any of our products due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations and additional legislative changes. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, and prescription drugs, surgical procedures and other treatments in particular, has become very intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. 
 We face significant competition, and if our competitors develop technologies or vaccine candidates more rapidly than we do or their technologies are more effective, our business and our ability to develop and successfully commercialize products may be adversely affected. 
 Our industry is characterized by rapid advancing technologies, intense competition and a strong emphasis on proprietary and novel products. The current vaccine market is concentrated among a few global biopharmaceutical companies including BioNTech, CSL Bering, GlaxoSmithKline, Merck, Moderna, Pfizer, Sanofi, and Takeda, which together account for the majority of global vaccine sales. Other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies, and public and private research institutions are also active in the vaccine market given the continuing global need for both existing and new vaccines. We also compete with these organizations to recruit management, scientists and clinical development personnel, which could negatively affect our level of expertise and our ability to execute our business plan. Any vaccine candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with existing therapies and new therapies that may become available in the future. We will also face competition in establishing clinical trial sites, enrolling subjects for clinical trials and in identifying and in-licensing intellectual property related to new vaccine candidates. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. 
 There are currently no approved vaccines for the prevention of norovirus-related illness. While we are not aware of all of our competitors efforts, based on public statements, we believe that several companies are in various stages of developing a vaccine for norovirus-related illness, including China National Biotec, Chongqing Zhifei Biological, Icon Genetics and Vaxart. We believe that China National Biotec, Chongqing Zhifei Biological and Icon Genetics are also focused on developing a vaccine consisting of VLPs representing the GI and GII genogroups of norovirus. Further, we believe that China National Biotec and Chongqing Zhifei Biological are also developing a pediatric vaccine for the prevention of norovirus-related illness. 
 Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, manufacturing, marketing, sales and supply resources or experience than we do. If we successfully obtain approval for HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidate, we will face competition based on many different factors, including the safety and effectiveness of our products, the ease with 
 54 

which our products can be administered, the extent to which vaccine recipients accept relatively new vaccines, the timing and scope of regulatory approvals for these products, the availability and cost of manufacturing, marketing and sales capabilities, price, reimbursement coverage and patent position. Competing products could present superior treatment alternatives, including by being more effective, safer, more convenient, less expensive or marketed and sold more effectively than any products we may develop. Competing products may render HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates we develop obsolete or noncompetitive before we recover the expense of developing and commercializing such vaccine candidate. If we are unable to compete effectively, our opportunity to generate revenue from the sale of our products we may develop, if approved, could be adversely affected. 
 We currently have no marketing and sales organization and have no experience as a company in commercializing products, and we may need to invest significant resources to develop these capabilities. If we are unable to establish marketing and sales capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell our products, we may not be able to generate product revenue. 
 We have no internal sales, marketing or distribution capabilities, nor have we commercialized a product. If HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates ultimately receives regulatory approval, we must build a marketing and sales organization with technical expertise and supporting distribution capabilities to commercialize each such product in major markets, which will be expensive and time-consuming. Alternatively, we may need to collaborate with third parties that have direct sales forces and established distribution systems, in lieu of or to augment our own sales force and distribution systems. We plan to independently commercialize HIL-214, if approved, in the United States by building a highly-targeted sales force to support the adoption of HIL-214 and we plan to seek one or more partners with existing commercial infrastructure and expertise in markets outside the United States. We have no prior experience as a company with the marketing, sale or distribution of biopharmaceutical products and there are significant risks involved in the building and managing of a sales organization, including our ability to hire, retain and incentivize qualified individuals, generate sufficient sales leads, provide adequate training to sales and marketing personnel and effectively manage a geographically dispersed sales and marketing team. Any failure or delay in the development of our internal sales, marketing and distribution capabilities would adversely impact the commercialization of these products. We may not be able to enter into collaborations or hire consultants or external service providers to assist us in sales, marketing and distribution functions on acceptable financial terms, or at all. In addition, our product revenue and our profitability, if any, may be lower if we rely on third parties for these functions than if we were to market, sell and distribute any products that we develop ourselves. We likely will have little control over such third parties, and any of them may fail to devote the necessary resources and attention to sell and market our products effectively. If we are not successful in commercializing our products, either on our own or through arrangements with one or more third parties, we may not be able to generate any future product revenue and we would incur significant additional losses. 
 Our future growth may depend, in part, on our ability to operate in foreign markets, where we would be subject to additional regulatory burdens and other risks and uncertainties. 
 Our future growth may depend, in part, on our ability to develop and commercialize HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates in foreign markets, particularly Europe. We are not permitted to market or promote any vaccine candidate before we receive regulatory approval from applicable regulatory authorities in foreign markets, and we may never receive such regulatory approvals for HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates. To obtain separate regulatory approval in many other countries we must comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements regarding safety and efficacy and governing, among other things, clinical trials, commercial sales, pricing and distribution of HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates. Approval procedures may be more onerous than those in the United States and may require that we conduct additional preclinical studies or clinical trials. If we obtain regulatory approval of vaccine candidates and ultimately commercialize our products in foreign markets, we would be subject to additional risks and uncertainties, including: 
 different regulatory requirements for approval of drugs in foreign countries; 

reduced protection for intellectual property rights; 

the existence of additional third-party patent rights of potential relevance to our business; 

pricing pressure from vaccine procurement organizations; 

determinations by NITAGs not to include our vaccine products in immunization schedules for our target patient populations; 

unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers and regulatory requirements; 

economic weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets; 

compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; 

55 

compliance with export control and import laws and regulations; 

foreign currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenue, and other obligations incident to doing business in another country; 

foreign reimbursement, pricing and insurance regimes; 

workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is common; 

differing regulatory requirements with respect to manufacturing of vaccine products; 

production shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad; 

business interruptions resulting from geopolitical actions, including war and terrorism, or natural disasters including earthquakes, typhoons, floods and fires; and 

disruptions resulting from the impact of public health pandemics or epidemics (including, for example, the COVID-19 pandemic). 

Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Industry 
 Our operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes our future operating results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations or any guidance we may provide. 
 Our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes it difficult for us to predict our future operating results. These fluctuations may occur due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including, but not limited to: 
 the timing and cost of, and level of investment in, research, development, regulatory approval and commercialization activities relating to HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates, which may change from time to time; 

the timing and success or failure of preclinical studies or clinical trials for HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates or competing vaccine candidates, or any other change in the competitive landscape of our industry, including consolidation among our competitors or partners; 

coverage and reimbursement policies with respect to HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates, if approved, and potential future drugs that compete with our products; 

the cost of manufacturing HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates, which may vary depending on the quantity of production and the terms of our agreements with Takeda and any future third-party manufacturers; 

the timing and amount of the milestone, royalty or other payments we will be required to pay to Takeda pursuant to the Takeda License; 

expenditures that we may incur to acquire, develop or commercialize additional vaccine candidates and technologies; 

the level of demand for any approved products, which may vary significantly; 

future accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting policies; and 

changes in general market and economic conditions. 

The cumulative effects of these factors could result in large fluctuations and unpredictability in our quarterly and annual operating results. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. Investors should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. 
 This variability and unpredictability could also result in our failing to meet the expectations of industry or financial analysts or investors for any period. If our revenue or operating results fall below the expectations of analysts or investors or below any forecasts we may provide to the market, or if the forecasts we provide to the market are below the expectations of 
 56 

analysts or investors, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. Such a stock price decline could occur even when we have met any previously publicly stated revenue or earnings guidance we may provide. 
 We are dependent on the services of our management and other clinical and scientific personnel, and if we are not able to retain these individuals or recruit additional management or clinical and scientific personnel, our business will suffer. 
 Our success depends in part on our continued ability to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified management, clinical and scientific personnel. We are highly dependent upon our senior management, as well as our senior scientists and other members of our management team. The loss of services of any of these individuals could delay or prevent the successful development of our product pipeline, initiation or completion of our preclinical studies and clinical trials or the commercialization of our vaccine candidates. Although we have executed employment agreements or offer letters with each member of our senior management team, these agreements are terminable at will with or without notice and, therefore, we may not be able to retain their services as expected. We do not currently maintain key person life insurance on the lives of our executives or any of our employees. This lack of insurance means that we may not have adequate compensation for the loss of the services of these individuals. 
 We will need to expand and effectively manage our managerial, operational, financial and other resources in order to successfully pursue our clinical development and commercialization efforts. We may not be successful in maintaining our unique company culture and continuing to attract or retain qualified management and scientific and clinical personnel in the future due to the intense competition for qualified personnel among biopharmaceutical, biotechnology and other businesses. Our industry has experienced a high rate of turnover of management personnel in recent years. If we are not able to attract, integrate, retain and motivate necessary personnel to accomplish our business objectives, we may experience constraints that will significantly impede the achievement of our development objectives, our ability to raise additional capital and our ability to implement our business strategy. 
 We may encounter difficulties in managing our growth and expanding our operations successfully. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 62 full-time employees, including 39 employees engaged in research and development. As we continue development and pursue the potential commercialization of HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates, as well as transition to functioning as a public company, we will need to expand our financial, development, regulatory, manufacturing, marketing and sales capabilities or contract with third parties to provide these capabilities for us. As our operations expand, we expect that we will need to manage additional relationships with various strategic partners, suppliers and other third parties. In addition, we may need to expand our facilities, including laboratory operations, and may be unable to do so on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Our future financial performance and our ability to develop and commercialize HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates and to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to manage any future growth effectively. 
 The terms of our Loan Agreement place restrictions on our operating and financial flexibility. 
 On April 18, 2022, we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (Loan Agreement) with Hercules Capital, Inc., as administrative and collateral agent, and the lenders party thereto, providing for term loans of up to 75.0 million in the aggregate (collectively, Term Loans). We borrowed 5.0 million on April 18, 2022 and an additional 10.0 million on December 15, 2022. We have the right to borrow an additional 60.0 million in the aggregate subject to the achievement of certain specified financing and clinical development milestones (as described in the section titled Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations Liquidity and capital resources Term Loan Facility and no event of default having occurred and be continuing. All obligations under the Term Loans are secured by a first priority lien on substantially all of our assets, including intellectual property and certain other assets. As a result, if we default on any of our obligations under the Loan Agreement, the lenders could foreclose on their security interest and liquidate some or all of the collateral, which would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations and could require us to reduce or cease operations. 
 In order to service this indebtedness and any additional indebtedness we may incur in the future, we need to generate cash from our operating activities. Our ability to generate cash is subject, in part, to our ability to successfully execute our business strategy, as well as general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations, and future borrowings or other financings may not be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness and fund our other liquidity needs. To the extent we are required to use cash from operations or the proceeds of any future financing to service our indebtedness instead of funding working capital, capital expenditures or other general corporate purposes, we will be less able to plan for, or react to, changes in our business, industry and in the economy generally. This could place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less indebtedness. 
 The Loan Agreement contains certain customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. The affirmative covenants include, among others, covenants requiring us to maintain our legal existence and governmental 
 57 

approvals, deliver certain financial reports, maintain insurance coverage and satisfy certain requirements regarding our operating accounts. The negative covenants include, among others, limitations on our ability to incur additional indebtedness and liens, merge with other companies or consummate certain changes of control, acquire other companies or businesses, make certain investments, pay dividends, transfer or dispose of assets, amend certain material agreements, including the Takeda License, or enter into various specified transactions. 
 While we believe we are currently in compliance with the covenants contained in the Loan Agreement, we may breach these covenants in the future. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events and factors beyond our control. In the event that we breach one or more covenants, the lenders may choose to declare an event of default and require that we immediately repay all amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement, terminate any commitment to extend further credit and foreclose on the collateral. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to various U.S. federal, state and foreign healthcare laws and regulations, which could increase compliance costs, and our failure to comply with these laws and regulations could harm our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our business operations and current and future arrangements with investigators, healthcare professionals, consultants, third-party payors, patient organizations and customers expose us to broadly applicable foreign, federal and state fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations. These laws may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we conduct our operations, including how we research, market, sell and distribute any products for which we obtain marketing approval. Such laws include: 
 the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons or entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe or certain rebates), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, in return for, either the referral of an individual or the purchase, lease, or order, or arranging for or recommending the purchase, lease, or order of any good, facility, item or service, for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program such as Medicare and Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 

the federal false claims laws, including the civil False Claims Act, and civil monetary penalties laws, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment or approval that are false or fraudulent, knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim, or from knowingly making or causing to be made a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the civil False Claims Act; 

the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), which imposes criminal and civil liability for, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, or knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement, in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 

the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services (CMS), information related to payments and other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), certain non-physician practitioners (physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, certified nurse anesthetists, anesthesiology assistants and certified nurse-midwives), teaching hospitals and other healthcare providers, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians, as defined by statute, and their immediate family members; and 

analogous state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers; some state laws require biotechnology companies to comply with the biotechnology industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant 

58 

compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government and may require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures; some state laws that require biotechnology companies to report information on the pricing of certain drug products; and some state and local laws that require the registration or pharmaceutical sales representatives. 

Efforts to ensure that our current and future business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare and privacy laws and regulations will involve ongoing substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices, including consulting agreements with certain physicians who are paid in the form of stock or stock options as compensation for services provided to us, may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant penalties, including civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government-funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Defending against any such actions can be costly and time-consuming and may require significant financial and personnel resources. Therefore, even if we are successful in defending against any such actions that may be brought against us, our business may be impaired. Further, if any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business are found not to be in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, they may be subject to significant criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government-funded healthcare programs. 
 Recently enacted legislation, future legislation and healthcare reform measures may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval for and commercialize HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates and may affect the prices we may set. 
 In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been, and we expect there will continue to be, a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the healthcare system, including cost-containment measures that may reduce or limit coverage and reimbursement for newly approved drugs and affect our ability to profitably sell HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. In particular, there have been and continue to be a number of initiatives at the U.S. federal and state levels that seek to reduce healthcare costs and improve the quality of healthcare. 
 For example, in March 2010, the ACA was enacted in the United States. The ACA established an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports specified branded prescription drugs and biologic agents; extended manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability to covered drugs dispensed to individuals who are enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; expanded eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs; expanded the entities eligible for discounts under the Public Health program; increased the statutory minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program; created a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program; established a new Patient- Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research; and established a Center for Medicare Innovation at CMS to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending. 
 Since its enactment, there have been executive, judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA, and on June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Prior to the Supreme Court s decision, President Biden had issued an executive order to initiate a special enrollment period from February 15, 2021 through August 15, 2021 for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace. The executive order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. It is unclear how the healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration will impact our business. 
 In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. On August 2, 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011 was signed into law, which, among other things, resulted in reductions to Medicare payments to providers, which went into effect on April 1, 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will remain in effect through 2032, with the exception of a temporary suspension from May 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022, unless additional Congressional action is taken. In addition, on January 2, 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several providers, 
 59 

including hospitals, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. 
 Further, there has been heightened governmental scrutiny in the United States of pharmaceutical pricing practices in light of the rising cost of prescription drugs. Such scrutiny has resulted in several recent congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient assistance programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for products. At the federal level, the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 was signed into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s AMP, beginning January 1, 2024. Most recently, on August 16, 2022, the IRA was signed into law. Among other things, the IRA requires manufacturers of certain drugs to engage in price negotiations with Medicare (beginning in 2026), with prices that can be negotiated subject to a cap; imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation (first due in 2023); and replaces the Part D coverage gap discount program with a new discounting program (beginning in 2025). The IRA permits the Secretary of the HHS to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. For that and other reasons, it is currently unclear how the IRA will be effectuated. 
 At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Legally mandated price controls on payment amounts by third-party payors or other restrictions could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. This could reduce the ultimate demand for HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates, if approved, or put pressure on our product pricing, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 We expect that the ACA, these new laws and other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, more rigorous coverage criteria, new payment methodologies and additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates, if approved. 
 If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of our products. 
 We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the ongoing and planned clinical trials of HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates and will face an even greater risk if we commercialize such vaccine candidates. For example, we may be sued if HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates allegedly cause injury or are found to be otherwise unsuitable during product testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the vaccine candidate, negligence, strict liability and a breach of warranties. Claims may be brought against us by clinical trial participants, vaccine recipients or others using, administering or selling products that may be approved in the future. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. 
 If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit or cease the commercialization of our products. Even a successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 
 decreased demand for our products; 

injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention; 

withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 

costs to defend the related litigation; 

a diversion of our management s time and our resources; 

substantial monetary awards to trial participants or vaccine recipients; 

product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 

significant negative financial impact; 

60 

the inability to commercialize HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates; and 

a decline in our stock price. 

We may need to increase our insurance coverage as we expand our clinical trials or if we commence commercialization of HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates. Insurance coverage is increasingly expensive. Our inability to obtain and retain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates. Although we will maintain such insurance, any claim that may be brought against us could result in a court judgment or settlement in an amount that is not covered, in whole or in part, by our insurance or that is in excess of the limits of our insurance coverage. Our insurance policies will also have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. We may have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such amounts. 
 Our insurance policies are expensive and only protect us from some business risks, which will leave us exposed to significant uninsured liabilities. 
 We do not carry insurance for all categories of risk that our business may encounter. Some of the policies we currently maintain include property, general liability, workers compensation, clinical trials, and directors and officers , employment practices and fiduciary liability insurance. We do not know, however, if we will be able to maintain insurance with adequate levels of coverage. Any significant uninsured liability may require us to pay substantial amounts, which would adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 
 We and any of our potential future collaborators will be required to report to regulatory authorities if any of our approved products cause or contribute to adverse medical events, and any failure to do so would result in sanctions that would materially harm our business. 
 If we or any of our potential future collaborators are successful in commercializing our products, the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities would require that we and such collaborators report certain information about adverse medical events if those products may have caused or contributed to those adverse events. The timing of our obligation to report would be triggered by the date we become aware of the adverse event as well as the nature of the event. We and any of our potential future collaborators or CROs may fail to report adverse events within the prescribed timeframe. If we or any of our current or potential future collaborators or CROs fail to comply with such reporting obligations, the FDA or a foreign regulatory authority could take action, including criminal prosecution, the imposition of civil monetary penalties, seizure of our products or delay in approval or clearance of future products. 
 We and our service providers may be subject to a variety of data privacy and security laws, regulations, standards, and contractual obligations, which could increase compliance costs, and our actual or perceived failure to comply could subject us to potentially significant liability, fines or penalties and otherwise harm our business. 
 We and our service providers maintain and will maintain a large quantity of sensitive information, including confidential business and patient health information, in connection with our preclinical studies and clinical trials, and are subject to laws and regulations governing the privacy and security of such information. The global data protection landscape is rapidly evolving, and we and our service providers may be affected by or subject to new, amended or existing laws and regulations in the future, including as our operations continue to expand or if we operate in foreign jurisdictions. These laws and regulations may be subject to differing interpretations, which adds to the complexity of processing personal data. Guidance on implementation and compliance practices are often updated or otherwise revised. This may create uncertainty in our business, affect our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions or to collect, store, transfer, use, share and otherwise process personal information, necessitate the acceptance of more onerous obligations in our contracts, result in liability or impose additional costs on us. The cost of compliance with these laws, regulations and standards is high and is likely to increase in the future. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with federal, state or foreign laws or regulation, our internal policies and procedures or our contracts governing our processing of personal information could result in negative publicity, government investigations and enforcement actions, claims by third parties and damage to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial performance and business. 
 As our operations and business grow, we may become subject to or affected by new or additional data protection laws and regulations and face increased scrutiny or attention from regulatory authorities. In the United States, numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including health information privacy laws, data breach notification laws and consumer protection laws (e.g., Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act), that govern the collection, use, storage, transfer, disclosure, protection and other processing of health-related and other personal information could apply to our operations or the operations of our collaborators and third-party providers. In addition, we may obtain health information from third parties (including research institutions from which we obtain clinical trial data) that are subject to privacy and 
 61 

security requirements under HIPAA. Depending on the facts and circumstances, we could be subject to significant penalties if we violate HIPAA. 
 In addition, certain state laws govern the privacy and security of health-related and other personal information in certain circumstances. These laws are evolving rapidly and may differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. By way of example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), which went into effect on January 1, 2020, gives California residents individual privacy rights to access and delete their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing, and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that is expected to increase data breach litigation. The CCPA may increase our compliance costs and potential liability and many similar laws have been proposed at the federal level and in other states. Further, the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) passed in California and imposes additional data protection obligations on covered businesses, including additional consumer rights processes, limitations on data uses, new audit requirements for higher risk data, and opt outs for certain uses of sensitive data. It also creates a new California data protection agency authorized to issue substantive regulations and could result in increased privacy and information security enforcement. The majority of the provisions of the CPRA went into effect on January 1, 2023, and additional compliance investment and potential business process changes may be required. Similar laws have passed in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut and Utah, and have been proposed in other states and at the federal level, reflecting a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States. In the event that we are subject to or affected by HIPAA, the CCPA, the CPRA or other domestic privacy and data protection laws, any liability from failure to comply with the requirements of these laws could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 There also are a wide variety of privacy laws in other countries that may impact our operations, now or in the future. For example, in Europe, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) imposes stringent requirements regarding the collection, use, disclosure, storage, transfer or other processing of personal data of individuals within the European Economic Area (EEA). Companies that must comply with the GDPR face increased compliance obligations and risk, including more robust regulatory enforcement of data protection requirements and potential fines for noncompliance of up to 20 million or 4 of the annual global revenue of the noncompliant company, whichever is greater. The GDPR increases scrutiny of transfers of personal data from the EEA to the United States and other jurisdictions that the European Commission does not recognize as having adequate data protection laws. Recent legal developments in Europe have created complexity and uncertainty regarding transfers of personal data from the EEA to the United States. For example, on July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) invalidated the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework (Privacy Shield) under which personal data could be transferred from the EEA to United States entities that had self-certified under the Privacy Shield scheme, and imposed further restrictions on the use of standard contractual clauses (a standard form of contract approved by the European Commission as an adequate personal data transfer mechanism, and potential alternative to the Privacy Shield). In March 2022, the US and EU announced a new regulatory regime intended to replace the invalidated regulations; however, this new EU-US Data Privacy Framework has not been implemented beyond an executive order signed by President Biden on October 7, 2022 on Enhancing Safeguards for United States Signals Intelligence Activities. European court and regulatory decisions subsequent to the CJEU decision of July 16, 2020 have taken a restrictive approach to international data transfers. As supervisory authorities issue further guidance on personal data export mechanisms, including circumstances where the standard contractual clauses cannot be used, and/or start taking enforcement action, we could suffer additional costs, complaints and/or regulatory investigations or fines, and/or if we are otherwise unable to transfer personal data between and among countries and regions in which we operate, it could affect the manner in which we provide our services, the geographical location or segregation of our relevant systems and operations, and could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Further, following the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union and the EEA and the end of the transition period, from January 1, 2021, we have had to comply with the GDPR and separately the GDPR as implemented in the United Kingdom, which, together with the amended UK Data Protection Act 2018, retains the GDPR in UK national law. The UK GDPR mirrors the fines under the GDPR and has the ability to fine up to the greater of 20 million/ 17 million or 4 of global turnover. As we continue to expand into other foreign countries and jurisdictions, we may be subject to additional laws and regulations that may affect how we conduct business. 
 In many jurisdictions, enforcement actions and consequences for noncompliance are rising. In the United States, these include enforcement actions in response to rules and regulations promulgated under the authority of federal agencies and state attorneys general and legislatures and consumer protection agencies. In addition, privacy advocates and industry groups have regularly proposed, and may propose in the future, self-regulatory standards that may legally or contractually apply to us. If we fail to follow these security standards, even if no personal information is compromised, we may incur significant fines or experience a significant increase in costs. 
 Compliance with U.S. and international data protection laws and regulations could require us to take on more onerous obligations in our contracts, restrict our ability to collect, store, use, transfer, disclose and otherwise process data, update 
 62 

our data privacy and security policies and procedures, or in some cases, impact our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions. Failure by us or our collaborators and our service providers to comply with U.S. and international data protection laws and regulations could result in government enforcement actions (which could include civil or criminal penalties), private litigation and/or adverse publicity and could negatively affect our operating results and business. Moreover, clinical trial subjects about whom we or our potential collaborators obtain information, as well as the providers who share this information with us, may contractually limit our ability to use and disclose such information. Claims that we have violated individuals privacy rights, failed to comply with data protection laws, or breached our contractual obligations, even if we are not found liable, could be expensive and time consuming to defend, could result in adverse publicity and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Should any of these events occur, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Our information technology systems, or those of any of our service providers, may fail or suffer security breaches, loss or leakage of data and other disruptions, which could result in a material disruption of our product development programs, compromise sensitive information related to our business or prevent us from accessing critical information, potentially exposing us to liability or otherwise adversely affecting our business. 
 We are increasingly dependent upon information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business. In the ordinary course of business, we collect, store and transmit confidential information (including but not limited to intellectual property, proprietary business information and personal information). It is critical that we do so in a secure manner to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such confidential information. 
 Our information technology systems and those of our third-party service providers, strategic partners and other contractors or consultants are vulnerable to attack and damage or interruption from computer viruses and malware (e.g. ransomware), malicious code, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication and electrical failures, hacking, cyberattacks, phishing attacks and other social engineering schemes, employee theft or misuse, human error, fraud, denial or degradation of service attacks, sophisticated nation-state and nation-state-supported actors or unauthorized access or use by persons inside our organization, or persons with access to systems inside our organization. Attacks upon information technology systems are increasing in their frequency, levels of persistence, sophistication and intensity, and are being conducted by sophisticated and organized groups and individuals with a wide range of motives and expertise. These attacks can present meaningful risks to our operations, data and commercial information. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we may also face increased cybersecurity risks due to our reliance on internet technology and the number of our employees who are working remotely, which may create additional opportunities for cybercriminals to exploit vulnerabilities. Furthermore, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to, or to sabotage, systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. We may also experience security breaches that may remain undetected for an extended period. Even if identified, we may be unable to adequately investigate or remediate incidents or breaches due to attackers increasingly using tools and techniques that are designed to circumvent controls, to avoid detection, and to remove or obfuscate forensic evidence. 
 Any security breach or other incident, whether actual or perceived, were to occur, it could impact our reputation and/or operations, cause us to incur significant costs, including legal expenses, harm customer confidence, hurt our expansion into new markets, cause us to incur remediation costs, or cause us to lose existing customers. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. We also rely on third parties to manufacture HIL-214, and similar events relating to their information technology systems could also have a material adverse effect on our business. To the extent that any actual or perceived disruption or security breach affects our systems (or those of our third-party collaborators, service providers, contractors or consultants) or were to result in a loss of or accidental, unlawful or unauthorized access to, use of, release of, or other processing of personally identifiable information, or damage to, our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability, the further development and commercialization of HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidate could be delayed, and we could be subject to significant fines, penalties or liabilities for any noncompliance to certain privacy and security laws. 
 We and certain of our service providers are from time to time subject to cyberattacks and security incidents. While we do not believe that we have experienced any significant system failure, accident or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations or result in the unauthorized disclosure of or access to personally identifiable information or individually identifiable health information, it could result in a material disruption of our development programs and our business operations, whether due to a loss of our trade secrets or other similar 
 63 

disruptions. We do not currently hold cybersecurity insurance, and the costs related to significant security breaches or disruptions could be material and cause us to incur significant expenses. 
 We have also outsourced elements of our information technology infrastructure, and as a result a number of third-party vendors may or could have access to our confidential information. If our third-party vendors fail to protect their information technology systems and our confidential and proprietary information, we may be vulnerable to disruptions in service and unauthorized access to our confidential or proprietary information and we could incur liability and reputational damage. If the information technology systems of our third-party vendors and other contractors and consultants become subject to disruptions or security breaches, we may have insufficient recourse against such third parties and we may have to expend significant resources to mitigate the impact of such an event, and to develop and implement protections to prevent future events of this nature from occurring. Some of the federal, state and foreign government requirements include obligations of companies to notify individuals of security breaches involving particular categories of personally identifiable information, which could result from breaches experienced by us or by our vendors, contractors, or organizations with which we have formed strategic relationships. 
 Our business is subject to risks arising from the COVID-19 pandemic and other epidemic diseases. 
 The COVID-19 worldwide pandemic presented, and may continue to present, substantial public health and economic challenges and affected our employees, clinical trial subjects, physicians and other healthcare providers, communities and business operations, as well as the U.S. and global economies and financial markets. International and U.S. governmental authorities in impacted regions took actions in an effort to slow the spread of COVID-19 and variants of the virus, including issuing varying forms of stay-at-home orders, and restricting business functions outside of one s home. To date we have not experienced material disruptions in our business operations. However, while it is not possible at this time to estimate the impact that COVID-19 or other disease outbreaks could have on our business in the future, particularly as we advance HIL-214 through clinical development, the spread of COVID-19 and the potential measures taken by the governmental authorities, and any future epidemic disease outbreaks, could disrupt the supply chain and the manufacture or shipment of drug substances and finished drug products for HIL-214 for use in our clinical trials and research and preclinical studies and, delay, limit or prevent our employees and CROs from continuing research and development activities, impede our clinical trial initiation and recruitment and the ability of subjects to continue in clinical trials, result in a decrease in the incidence of norovirus infection among trial subjects delaying any evaluation of the endpoints in our clinical trials of HIL-214 and the ultimate completion of such trials, including due to measures taken that may limit social interaction or prevent reopening of high-transmission settings, impede testing, monitoring, data collection and analysis and other related activities, any of which could delay our preclinical studies and clinical trials and increase our development costs, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic and any future epidemic disease outbreak could also potentially further affect the business of the FDA or other regulatory authorities, which could result in delays in meetings related to our planned clinical trials. The COVID-19 pandemic and mitigation measures have had and may continue to have, and any future epidemic disease outbreak may have, an adverse impact on global economic conditions which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition, including impairing our ability to raise capital when needed. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our results will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity of the virus, including the identification of new variants, and the actions to contain its impact. 
 Our business could be affected by litigation, government investigations and enforcement actions. 
 We currently operate in a number of jurisdictions in a highly regulated industry and we could be subject to litigation, government investigation and enforcement actions on a variety of matters in the United States. or foreign jurisdictions, including, without limitation, intellectual property, regulatory, product liability, environmental, whistleblower, false claims, privacy, anti-kickback, anti-bribery, securities, commercial, employment and other claims and legal proceedings which may arise from conducting our business. Any determination that our operations or activities are not in compliance with existing laws or regulations could result in the imposition of fines, civil and criminal penalties, equitable remedies, including disgorgement, injunctive relief and/or other sanctions against us, and remediation of any such findings could have an adverse effect on our business operations. 
 Legal proceedings, government investigations and enforcement actions can be expensive and time-consuming. An adverse outcome resulting from any such proceeding, investigations or enforcement actions could result in significant damages awards, fines, penalties, exclusion from the federal healthcare programs, healthcare debarment, injunctive 
 64 

relief, product recalls, reputational damage and modifications of our business practices, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Our employees and independent contractors, including principal investigators, CROs, consultants and vendors, may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements. 
 We are exposed to the risk that our employees and independent contractors, including principal investigators, CROs, consultants and vendors, may engage in misconduct or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct or disclosure of unauthorized activities to us that violate: (i) the laws and regulations of the FDA and other similar regulatory requirements, including those laws that require the reporting of true, complete and accurate information to such authorities, (ii) manufacturing standards, including cGMP requirements, (iii) federal and state data privacy, security, fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations in the United States and abroad or (iv) laws that require the true, complete and accurate reporting of financial information or data. Activities subject to these laws also involve the improper use or misrepresentation of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, the creation of fraudulent data in our preclinical studies or clinical trials or illegal misappropriation of drug product, which could result in regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and other third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. In addition, we are subject to the risk that a person or government could allege such fraud or other misconduct, even if none occurred. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business and financial results, including, without limitation, the imposition of significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, disgorgements, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, imprisonment, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, additional reporting requirements and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws and curtailment of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 
 We may engage in strategic transactions that could impact our liquidity, increase our expenses and present significant distractions to our management. 
 From time to time, we may consider strategic transactions, such as acquisitions of companies, asset purchases and out-licensing or in-licensing of intellectual property, products or technologies. Additional potential transactions that we may consider in the future include a variety of business arrangements, including spin-offs, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, restructurings, divestitures, business combinations and investments. Any future transactions could increase our near and long-term expenditures, result in potentially dilutive issuances of our equity securities, including our common stock, or the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses or acquired in-process research and development expenses, any of which could affect our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Future acquisitions may also require us to obtain additional financing, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all. These transactions may never be successful and may require significant time and attention of our management. In addition, the integration of any business that we may acquire in the future may disrupt our existing business and may be a complex, risky and costly endeavor for which we may never realize the full benefits. Accordingly, although there can be no assurance that we will undertake or successfully complete any additional transactions of the nature described above, any additional transactions that we do complete could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 If we are unable to obtain, maintain and enforce patent protection for HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates, or if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, our competitors or other third parties could develop and commercialize products similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates may be adversely affected. 
 Our success depends in large part on our ability to obtain, maintain and enforce patent protection in the United States and other countries with respect to our vaccine candidates and other proprietary technologies we may develop. We seek to protect our proprietary position, in part, by exclusively licensing patents and patent applications in the United States and abroad relating to our vaccine candidates, manufacturing processes, and methods of use. If we or our principal licensor, 
 65 

Takeda, are unable to obtain, maintain or enforce patent protection, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially harmed. 
 Changes in either the patent laws or their interpretation in the United States and other jurisdictions may diminish our or our licensors ability to protect our intellectual property, obtain, maintain and enforce our intellectual property rights and, more generally, could affect the value of our intellectual property or narrow the scope of our protection. We cannot predict whether the patent applications we currently or may in the future pursue or in-license will issue as patents in any particular jurisdiction or whether the claims of any issued patents will provide sufficient protection against competitors or other third parties. 
 The patent prosecution process is expensive, time-consuming, and complex, and we or our licensors may not be able to file, prosecute, maintain, enforce or license all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output in time to obtain patent protection. Although we enter into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to confidential or patentable aspects of our research and development output, such as our employees, third party collaborators, CROs, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose such output before a patent application is filed, thereby jeopardizing our or our licensors ability to seek patent protection. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent any third party from using any of our technology that is in the public domain to compete with our vaccine candidates and technologies. In addition, our ability to obtain and maintain valid and enforceable patents depends on whether the differences between our inventions and the prior art allow our inventions to be patentable in light of the prior art. Furthermore, publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases not at all. Therefore, we cannot be certain that our licensors were the first to invent the inventions claimed in any of our licensed patents or pending patent applications or patents or pending patent applications we may own in the future, or that we or our licensors were the first to make the inventions claimed in those patents or pending patent applications, or were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. If a third party can establish that we or our licensors were not the first to make or the first to file for patent protection of such inventions, our owned or licensed patents and patent applications may not issue as patents and even if issued, may be challenged and invalidated or rendered unenforceable. 
 The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and has been the subject of much litigation in recent years. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain. Our owned and in-licensed patent applications or patent applications we may own in the future may not result in patents being issued which protect our vaccine candidates or proprietary technologies we may develop or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive technologies and products. In fact, patent applications may not issue as patents at all. 
 Moreover, the claim coverage in a patent application can be significantly reduced before the corresponding patent is granted. Even if our in-licensed patent applications or patent applications we may own in the future issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors or other third parties from competing with us or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Any patents issuing from our in-licensed patent applications may be challenged, narrowed, circumvented or invalidated by third parties. Our competitors or other third parties may avail themselves of safe harbors under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 (Hatch-Waxman Amendments) to conduct research and clinical trials. Consequently, we do not know whether our vaccine development programs and other proprietary technology will be protectable or remain protected by valid and enforceable patents. Even if a patent is granted, our competitors or other third parties may be able to circumvent the patent by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in a non-infringing manner which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of our vaccine candidates, patents protecting the vaccine candidates might expire before or shortly after such vaccine candidates are commercialized. As a result, our intellectual property may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 
 The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity, or enforceability and our patent rights may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. We may be subject to a third-party pre-issuance submission of prior art to the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) challenging the validity of one or more claims of our in-licensed patents or patents we may own in the future. Such submissions may also be made prior to a patent s issuance, precluding the granting of a patent based on one of our owned or licensed pending patent applications. A third party may also claim that our patent rights are invalid or unenforceable in a litigation. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. In addition, we may become involved in opposition, derivation, revocation, reexamination, post-grant and inter partes review or interference proceedings and other similar proceedings in foreign jurisdictions challenging the validity, priority or other features of patentability of our patent 
 66 

rights. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate or render unenforceable, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our vaccine candidates and other proprietary technologies we may develop and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or result in our inability to commercialize products without infringing third-party patent rights. Such adverse determinations may also require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights from the prevailing party. Such proceedings also may result in substantial cost and require significant time from our scientists and management, even if the eventual outcome is favorable to us. Any of the foregoing, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Moreover, some of our patent rights may in the future be co-owned with third parties. If we are unable to obtain an exclusive license to any such third-party co-owners interest in such patent rights, such co-owners may be able to license their rights to other third parties, including our competitors, and our competitors could market competing products and technology. In addition, we may need the cooperation of any such co-owners of such patent rights in order to enforce such patent rights against third parties, and such cooperation may not be provided to us. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations, and prospects. 
 We do not own any issued patents or patent applications and we completely depend on intellectual property licensed from third parties, including under the Takeda License, and our licensors may not always act in our best interest. If we fail to comply with our obligations under our intellectual property licenses, if the licenses are terminated or if disputes regarding these licenses arise, we could lose significant rights that are important to our business. 
 We do not own any issued patents or patent applications. Our vaccine candidate is completely dependent on patents, know-how and proprietary technology licensed from Takeda under the Takeda License. As a result, any termination of the Takeda License would result in the loss of significant rights and could harm our ability to commercialize HIL-214. The Takeda License imposes, and we expect that any future license agreements where we in-license intellectual property will impose on us, various development, regulatory and/or commercial diligence obligations, payment of milestones and/or royalties and other obligations. If we fail to comply with our obligations under the Takeda License or future license agreements, or we are subject to bankruptcy-related proceedings, the licensor may have the right to terminate the license, in which event we would not be able to develop or market the products covered by the license, including our HIL-214 vaccine candidate. In addition, we may need to obtain additional licenses from our existing licensors and others to advance our research or allow commercialization of vaccine candidates we may develop. It is possible that we may be unable to obtain any additional licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. In either event, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to redesign our technology, vaccine candidates, or the methods for manufacturing them or to develop or license replacement technology, all of which may not be feasible on a technical or commercial basis. If we are unable to do so, we may be unable to develop or commercialize the affected technology or vaccine candidates. Even if we are able to obtain such additional licenses, they may be non-exclusive thereby giving our competitors and other third parties access to the same technology licensed to us. 
 If we or our licensors fail to adequately maintain, enforce and protect our licensed intellectual property, our ability to commercialize HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates could suffer. We do not have complete control over the maintenance, enforcement, prosecution and litigation of our in-licensed patents and patent applications and may have limited control over future intellectual property that may be in-licensed. Therefore, such in-licensed patents and applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. For example, we cannot be certain that activities such as the maintenance and prosecution by our licensors have been or will be conducted in compliance with applicable laws and regulations or will result in valid and enforceable patents and other intellectual property rights. It is possible that our licensors infringement proceedings or defense activities may be less vigorous than had we conducted them ourselves, or may not be conducted in accordance with our best interests. Furthermore, there are certain limitations to our right to enforce certain exclusively licensed patents, including, for example, the requirement that we obtain the licensor s consent prior to settling lawsuits related to such patents. If our licensors fail to maintain such patents or patent applications, or lose rights to those patents or patent applications, the rights we have licensed may be reduced or eliminated, and our right to develop and commercialize any of our vaccine candidates that are the subject of such licensed rights and our right to exclude third parties from commercializing competing products could be adversely affected. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 In addition, the Takeda License is, and any future agreements under which we license intellectual property or technology from third parties may be, complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant patents, know-how and proprietary technology, or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement. In spite of our efforts, our current and future licensors might conclude that we have materially breached our obligations under our license agreements and might therefore 
 67 

terminate such license agreements, thereby removing or limiting our ability to develop and commercialize products and technology covered by these license agreements. Disputes that may arise between us and our licensors regarding intellectual property subject to a license agreement could include disputes regarding: 
 the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 

our financial and other obligations under the license agreement; 

whether and the extent to which our technology and processes infringe, misappropriate or violate intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement; 

our right to sublicense patent and other rights to third parties under collaborative development relationships; 

our diligence obligations with respect to the use of the licensed technology in relation to our development and commercialization of our vaccine candidates and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; 

the ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us; and 

the priority of invention of patented technology. 

If disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on reasonable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected technology or vaccine candidates. As a result, any termination of or disputes over our intellectual property licenses could result in the loss of our ability to develop and commercialize HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates, or we could lose other significant rights, experience significant delays in the development and commercialization of our vaccine candidates, or incur liability for damages, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, we may seek to obtain additional licenses from our licensors and, in connection with obtaining such licenses, we may agree to amend our existing licenses in a manner that may be more favorable to the licensors, including by agreeing to terms that could enable third parties, including our competitors, to receive licenses to a portion of the intellectual property that is subject to our existing licenses and to compete with our vaccine candidates. 
 If our licenses are terminated, or if the underlying patents fail to provide the intended exclusivity, competitors or other third parties would have the freedom to seek regulatory approval of, and to market, products identical or competitive to ours and we may be required to cease our development and commercialization of certain of our vaccine candidates. Moreover, if disputes over intellectual property that we license prevent or impair our ability to maintain other licensing arrangements on commercially acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected vaccine candidates. 
 In addition, certain of our agreements may not be assignable by us without the consent of the respective licensor, which may limit or delay our ability to consummate certain transactions, may impact the value of those transactions, or may limit our ability to pursue certain activities. For example, if we choose to sublicense or assign to any third parties our rights under the Takeda License with respect to any licensed product, we may be required to wait for a certain period or until the occurrence of certain funding or development milestones. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights throughout the world. 
 Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on HIL-214 and any future vaccine candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and the laws of foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our or our licensors inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our or our licensors intellectual property in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our intellectual property in jurisdictions where we and our licensors have not pursued and obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our products, and our owned and in-licensed patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biotechnology products, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our in-licensed patents, if pursued and obtained, or marketing of competing products in violation of our intellectual property and proprietary rights generally. In addition, some jurisdictions, such as Europe and China, may have a higher standard for patentability than in the United States, including, for example, the requirement of claims having literal support in the original patent filing and the limitation on using supporting data that is not in the original patent filing. Under those heightened patentability requirements, we 
 68 

may not be able to obtain sufficient patent protection in certain jurisdictions even though the same or similar patent protection can be secured in the United States and other jurisdictions. 
 Proceedings to enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our in-licensed patents or patents we may own in the future at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly, could put our in-licensed patent applications or patent applications we may own in the future at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We or our licensors may not prevail in any lawsuits that we or our licensors initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop. 
 Many countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the patent owner may have limited remedies, which could materially diminish the value of such patent. If we or any of our licensors are forced to grant a license to third parties with respect to any patents relevant to our business, our competitive position may be impaired, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment, and other requirements imposed by government patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 The USPTO and various non-U.S. government agencies require compliance with several procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. In some circumstances, we are dependent on our licensors to take the necessary action to comply with these requirements with respect to our licensed intellectual property. For example, periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees, and various other government fees on patents and applications will be due to be paid to the USPTO and various government patent agencies outside of the United States over the lifetime of our licensed patents and applications or any patents and applications we may own in the future. In certain circumstances, we rely on our licensors to pay these fees due to U.S. and non-U.S. patent agencies. The USPTO and various non-U.S. patent agencies require compliance with several procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. We are also dependent on our licensors to take the necessary action to comply with these requirements with respect to our licensed intellectual property. In some cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. There are situations, however, in which non-compliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in a partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, potential competitors might be able to enter the market with similar or identical products or technology, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 The USPTO and various non-U.S. government agencies require compliance with certain foreign filing requirements during the patent application process. For example, in some countries, including the United States, China, India and some European countries, a foreign filing license is required before certain patent applications are filed. The foreign filing license requirements vary by country and depend on various factors, including where the inventive activity occurred, citizenship status of the inventors, the residency of the inventors and the invention owner, the place of business for the invention owner and the nature of the subject matter to be disclosed (e.g., items related to national security or national defense). In some cases, a foreign filing license may be obtained retroactively in accordance with the applicable rules. There are situations, however, in which non-compliance can result in abandonment of a pending patent application or can be grounds for revoking or invalidating an issued patent, resulting in the loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, potential competitors might be able to enter the relevant markets with similar or identical products or technology, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. We are also dependent on our licensors to take the necessary actions to comply with these requirements with respect to our licensed intellectual property. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic may impair our and our licensors ability to comply with these procedural, document submission, fee payment, and other requirements imposed by government patent agencies, which may materially and adversely affect our ability to obtain or maintain patent protection for our vaccine candidates. 
 Changes in patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products. 
 Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of patent applications and the enforcement or defense of issued patents. Assuming that other requirements for patentability are met, prior to March 2013, in the United States, the first to invent the claimed 
 69 

invention was entitled to the patent, while outside the United States, the first to file a patent application was entitled to the patent. After March 2013, under the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (the America Invents Act) enacted in September 2011, the United States transitioned to a first inventor to file system in which, assuming that other requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application will be entitled to the patent on an invention regardless of whether a third party was the first to invent the claimed invention. A third party that files a patent application in the USPTO after March 2013, but before us or our licensors could therefore be awarded a patent covering an invention of ours or our licensors even if we had made the invention before it was made by such third party. This will require us to be cognizant going forward of the time from invention to filing of a patent application. Since patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing or until issuance, we cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first to either (i) file any patent application related to our vaccine candidates and other proprietary technologies we may develop or (ii) invent any of the inventions claimed in our patents or patent applications. 
 The America Invents Act also includes a number of significant changes that affect the way patent applications will be prosecuted and also may affect patent litigation. These include allowing third party submission of prior art to the USPTO during patent prosecution and additional procedures to attack the validity of a patent by USPTO administered post-grant proceedings, including post-grant review, inter partes review and derivation proceedings. Because of a lower evidentiary standard in USPTO proceedings compared to the evidentiary standard in United States federal courts necessary to invalidate a patent claim, a third party could potentially provide evidence in a USPTO proceeding sufficient for the USPTO to hold a claim invalid even though the same evidence would be insufficient to invalidate the claim if first presented in a district court action. 
 Accordingly, a third party may attempt to use the USPTO procedures to invalidate our patent claims that would not have been invalidated if first challenged by the third party as a defendant in a district court action. Therefore, the America Invents Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our in-licensed patent applications or patent applications we may own in the future and the enforcement or defense of patents issuing from those patent applications, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 In addition, the patent positions of companies in the development and commercialization of biologics and pharmaceuticals are particularly uncertain. Recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings have narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. We cannot predict how decisions by the courts, the U.S. Congress or the USPTO may impact the value of our patent rights. This combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the validity and enforceability of patents, once obtained. Depending on future actions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that could have a material adverse effect on our existing patent portfolio and our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property in the future. 
 Issued patents covering our vaccine candidates could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court or before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad. 
 Our patent rights may be subject to priority, validity, inventorship and enforceability disputes. If we or our licensors are unsuccessful in any of these proceedings, such patents and patent applications may be narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, we may be required to obtain licenses from third parties, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or we may be required to cease the development, manufacture and commercialization of HIL-214 or one or future vaccine candidates. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If we or our licensors initiated legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering our vaccine candidates, the defendant could counterclaim that such patent is invalid or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge could include an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness, non-enablement, lack of sufficient written description, failure to claim patent-eligible subject matter or obviousness-type double patenting. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the USPTO, or made a misleading statement, during prosecution. Third parties may raise claims challenging the validity or enforceability of a patent before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad, even outside the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include re-examination, post-grant review, inter partes review, interference proceedings, derivation proceedings, and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions (e.g., opposition proceedings). Such proceedings could result in the revocation of, cancellation of or amendment to our patent rights in such a way that they no longer cover our vaccine candidates or prevent third parties from competing with our vaccine candidates. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. With respect to the validity question, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art, of which we or our licensing partners and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a third party were to prevail on a legal 
 70 

assertion of invalidity or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on our vaccine candidates. Such a loss of patent protection would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Patent terms may be inadequate to protect the competitive position of our vaccine candidates for an adequate amount of time. 
 Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional or international patent application filing date. Various extensions may be available, but the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Even if patents covering our vaccine candidates are obtained, once the patent has expired, we may be vulnerable to competition from competitive products, including generics or biosimilars. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new vaccine candidates, patents protecting such vaccine candidates might expire before or shortly after such vaccine candidates are commercialized. As a result, our in-licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 
 If we do not obtain patent term extension and equivalent extensions outside of the United States for our vaccine candidates, our business may be materially harmed. 
 Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of any FDA marketing approval of HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidate we may develop, one or more of our in-licensed issued U.S. patents or issued U.S. patents we may own in the future may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Hatch-Waxman Amendments. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent term extension (PTE) of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. A patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval, only one patent may be extended, and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. Similar patent term restoration provisions to compensate for commercialization delay caused by regulatory review are also available in certain foreign jurisdictions, such as in Europe under Supplemental Protection Certificate (SPC). However, we may not be granted an extension for various reasons, including failing to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents, or failing to satisfy other applicable requirements. Moreover, the applicable time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than we request. In addition, to the extent we wish to pursue patent term extension based on a patent that we in-license from a third party, we may need the cooperation of that third party. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension, or the foreign equivalent, or if the term of any such extension is less than we request, our competitors may obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially harmed. 
 We may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship of our patents and other intellectual property. 
 We or our licensors may be subject to claims that former employees, collaborators or other third parties have an interest in our patent rights, trade secrets, or other intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. For example, we may have inventorship disputes arise from conflicting obligations of consultants or others who are involved in developing our vaccine candidates and other proprietary technologies we may develop. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging inventorship or our patent rights, trade secrets or other intellectual property. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, intellectual property that is important to our vaccine candidates and other proprietary technologies we may develop. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management and other employees. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. 
 In addition to seeking patent protection for our vaccine candidates and proprietary technologies, we also rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect our unpatented know-how, technology, and other proprietary information and to maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect these trade secrets and other proprietary technology, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to them, such as our employees, third-party collaborators, CROs, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees and consultants. Trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect. We cannot guarantee that we have entered into applicable agreements with each party that may have or have had access to our trade secrets or proprietary technology and processes. Despite these efforts, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. 
 71 

Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed or misappropriated, or if any such information were to be independently developed by a competitor or other third party, our competitive position would be materially and adversely harmed. 
 We may be subject to claims that third parties have an ownership interest in our trade secrets. For example, we may have disputes arise from conflicting obligations of our employees, consultants or others who are involved in developing our vaccine candidate. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging ownership of our trade secrets. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable trade secret rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, trade secrets that are important to our vaccine candidates and other proprietary technologies we may develop. Such an outcome could have a material adverse effect on our business. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management and other employees. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may not identify relevant third-party patents or may incorrectly interpret the relevance, scope or expiration of a third-party patent, which might adversely affect our ability to develop and market our products and vaccine candidates. 
 We cannot guarantee that any of our or our licensors patent searches or analyses, including the identification of relevant patents, the scope of patent claims or the expiration of relevant patents, are complete or thorough, nor can we be certain that we or our licensors have identified each and every third-party patent and pending patent application in the United States and abroad that is relevant to or necessary for the commercialization of our current and future products and vaccine candidates in any jurisdiction. Patent applications in the United States and elsewhere are not published until approximately 18 months after the earliest filing for which priority is claimed, with such earliest filing date being commonly referred to as the priority date. Therefore, patent applications covering our vaccine candidates could have been filed by others without our knowledge. Additionally, pending patent applications that have been published can, subject to certain limitations, be later amended in a manner that could cover vaccine candidates or the use of our vaccine candidates. 
 The scope of a patent claim is determined by the interpretation of the law, the words of a patent claim, the written disclosure in a patent and the patent s prosecution history. Our interpretation of the relevance or the scope of a patent or a pending patent application may be incorrect, which may negatively impact our ability to market our products. We may incorrectly determine that our products or vaccine candidates are not covered by a third-party patent or may incorrectly predict whether a third party s pending patent application will issue with claims of relevant scope. Our determination of the expiration date of any patent in the United States or abroad that we consider relevant may be incorrect, and we may incorrectly conclude that a third-party patent is invalid or unenforceable. Our failure to identify and correctly interpret relevant patents may negatively impact our ability to develop and market our products and vaccine candidates. If we fail to identify and correctly interpret relevant patents, we may be subject to infringement claims. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully settle or otherwise resolve such infringement claims. If we fail in any such dispute, in addition to being forced to pay damages, we may be temporarily or permanently prohibited from commercializing any of our vaccine candidates that are held to be infringing. We might, if possible, also be forced to redesign vaccine candidates or services so that we no longer infringe the third-party intellectual property rights. Any of these events, even if we were ultimately to prevail, could require us to divert substantial financial and management resources that we would otherwise be able to devote to our business. 
 We may be subject to claims asserting that our employees, consultants or advisors have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their current or former employers or claims asserting ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property. 
 Some of our employees, consultants and advisors are currently or were previously employed at universities or other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees, consultants and advisors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or these individuals have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such individual s current or former employer. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management. 
 In addition, while it is our policy to require our employees and contractors who may be involved in the conception or development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be 
 72 

unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who, in fact, conceives or develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. The assignment of intellectual property rights may not be self-executing, or the assignment agreements may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims that they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. Such claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or other violations against us or our potential future collaborators could be expensive and time consuming and may prevent or delay the development and commercialization of our vaccine candidates. 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to avoid infringing, misappropriating and otherwise violating the patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties. There is a substantial amount of complex litigation involving patents and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, as well as administrative proceedings for challenging patents, including interference, derivation and reexamination proceedings before the USPTO or oppositions and other comparable proceedings in foreign jurisdictions. As discussed above, recently, due to changes in U.S. law referred to as patent reform, new procedures including inter partes review and post-grant review have also been implemented. As stated above, this reform adds uncertainty to the possibility of challenge to our patent rights in the future. 
 Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications owned by third parties exist in the fields in which we are commercializing or plan to commercialize HIL-214. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, and as we gain greater visibility and market exposure as a public company, the risk increases that HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates, and commercializing activities may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of others. We cannot assure you that HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates will not infringe existing or future patents owned by third parties. We may not be aware of patents that have already been issued for which a third party, such as a competitor in the fields in which we are developing our vaccine candidates, might accuse us of infringing. It is also possible that patents owned by third parties of which we are aware, but which we do not believe we infringe or that we believe we have valid defenses to any claims of patent infringement, could be found to be infringed by us. It is not unusual that corresponding patents issued in different countries have different scopes of coverage, such that in one country a third-party patent does not pose a material risk, but in another country, the corresponding third-party patent may pose a material risk to our vaccine candidates. As such, we monitor third-party patents in the relevant pharmaceutical markets. In addition, because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending patent applications that may later result in issued patents that we may infringe. 
 In the event that any third-party claims that we infringe their patents or that we are otherwise employing their proprietary technology without authorization and initiates litigation against us, even if we believe such claims are without merit, a court of competent jurisdiction could hold that such patents are valid, enforceable and infringed by us. Defense of infringement claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of management and other employee resources from our business, and may impact our reputation. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may be enjoined from further developing or commercializing the infringing products or technologies. In addition, we may be required to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, obtain one or more licenses from third parties, pay royalties and/or redesign our infringing products or technologies, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. Such licenses may not available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we are able to obtain a license, the license would likely obligate us to pay license fees or royalties or both, and the rights granted to us might be nonexclusive, which could result in our competitors gaining access to the same intellectual property. If we are unable to obtain a necessary license to a third-party patent on commercially reasonable terms or at all, we may be unable to commercialize the infringing products or technologies or such commercialization efforts may be significantly delayed, which could in turn significantly harm our business. In addition, we may in the future pursue patent challenges with respect to third- party patents, including as a defense against the foregoing infringement claims. The outcome of such challenges is unpredictable. 
 Even if resolved in our favor, the foregoing proceedings could be very expensive, particularly for a company of our size, and time-consuming. Such proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to conduct such proceedings adequately. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of litigation or administrative proceedings more effectively than we can because of greater financial resources. Such proceedings may also absorb significant time of our technical and management personnel and distract them from their normal responsibilities. Uncertainties resulting from such proceedings could impair our ability to compete in the marketplace. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a 
 73 

substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patent and other intellectual property rights, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful. 
 Third parties, such as a competitor, may infringe our patent rights. In an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent owned by us or licensed to us is invalid or unenforceable or may refuse to stop the other party from using the invention at issue on the grounds that the patent does not cover the technology in question. In addition, our or our licensors patent rights may become involved in inventorship, priority or validity disputes. To counter or defend against such claims can be expensive and time-consuming. An adverse result in any litigation proceeding could put our patent rights at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable or interpreted narrowly. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation and proceedings, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during such litigation and proceedings. 
 Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses and could distract our personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to conduct such litigation or proceedings adequately. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources and more mature and developed intellectual property portfolios. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace. 
 If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected. 
 Our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, diluted, circumvented or declared generic or determined to be infringing, misappropriating or violating other marks. During trademark registration proceedings, we may receive rejections of our applications by the USPTO or in other foreign jurisdictions. Although we are given an opportunity to respond to such rejections, we may be unable to overcome them. In addition, in the USPTO and in comparable agencies in many foreign jurisdictions, third parties are given an opportunity to oppose pending trademark applications and to seek to cancel registered trademarks. Opposition or cancellation proceedings may be filed against our trademarks, which may not survive such proceedings. Moreover, any name we may propose to use with HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidate in the United States must be approved by the FDA, regardless of whether we have registered it, or applied to register it, as a trademark. Similar requirements exist in Europe. The FDA typically conducts a review of proposed product names, including an evaluation of potential for confusion with other product names. If the FDA or an equivalent administrative body in a foreign jurisdiction objects to any of our proposed proprietary product names, we may be required to expend significant additional resources in an effort to identify a suitable substitute name that would qualify under applicable trademark laws, not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the existing rights of third parties and be acceptable to the FDA. Furthermore, in many countries, owning and maintaining a trademark registration may not provide an adequate defense against a subsequent infringement claim asserted by the owner of a senior trademark. 
 We may not be able to obtain, protect or enforce our rights to these trademarks and trade names, which we need to build name recognition among potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. At times, competitors or other third parties may adopt trade names or trademarks similar to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement, misappropriation, dilution or other claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names. Over the long term, if we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively and our business may be adversely affected. Our efforts to obtain, enforce or protect our proprietary rights related to trademarks, trade names, domain name or other intellectual property may be ineffective and could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Intellectual property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats. 
 The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations and may not adequately protect our business or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. For example: 
 74 

others may be able to make products that are similar to HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates or utilize similar technology but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we license; 

we or our licensors might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by our or our licensors current or future patent applications; 

we or our licensors might not have been the first to file patent applications covering our or their inventions; 

others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our or our licensors technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights; 

it is possible that our or our licensors current or future patent applications will not lead to issued patents; 

any patent issuing from our or our licensors current or future patent applications may be held invalid or unenforceable, including as a result of legal challenges by our competitors or other third parties; 

others may have access to the same intellectual property rights licensed to use in the future on a non-exclusive basis; 

our competitors or other third parties might conduct research and development activities in countries where we or our licensors do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; 

we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; 

the patents or other intellectual property rights of others may harm our business; and 

we may choose not to file for patent protection in order to maintain certain trade secrets or know-how, and a third party may subsequently file a patent application covering such intellectual property. 

Should any of the foregoing occur, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to product components and processes for our development pipeline through acquisitions and in-licenses. 
 The growth of our business may depend in part on our ability to acquire, in-license or use third-party intellectual property and proprietary rights. For example, HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates may require specific formulations to work effectively and efficiently and we may develop vaccine candidates containing our compounds and pre-existing pharmaceutical compounds, which could require us to obtain rights to use intellectual property held by third parties. For example, we may find from our preclinical or clinical trials that HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates achieve improved efficacy through combination with proprietary adjuvants. We may not be able to achieve long-term access to these adjuvants or may be only able to do so under unfavorable terms. This could limit the effectiveness of HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates if we are unable to obtain access to these adjuvants or could impact our potential profitability if we can only obtain access under unfavorable terms. In addition, with respect to any patent or other intellectual property rights we may co-own with third parties, we may require licenses to such co-owners interest to such patents. We may be unable to acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of use, processes or other third-party intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify as necessary or important to our business operations. In addition, we may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. Were that to happen, we may need to cease use of the compositions or methods covered by those third-party intellectual property rights, and may need to seek to develop alternative approaches that do not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate those intellectual property rights, which may entail additional costs and development delays, even if we were able to develop such alternatives, which may not be feasible. Even if we are able to obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, which means that our competitors may also receive access to the same technologies licensed to us. In that event, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to develop or license replacement technology. 
 Additionally, we may collaborate with academic institutions to accelerate our preclinical research or development under written agreements with these institutions. In certain cases, these institutions provide us with an option to negotiate a license to any of the institution s rights in technology resulting from the collaboration. Even if we hold such an option, we may be unable to negotiate a license from the institution within the specified timeframe or under terms that are acceptable to us. If we are unable to do so, the institution may offer the intellectual property rights to others, potentially blocking our ability to pursue our program. 
 The licensing and acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and companies that may be more established or have greater resources than we do may also be pursuing strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider necessary or attractive in order to commercialize HIL-214 or any future 
 75 

vaccine candidates. More established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully complete these types of negotiations and ultimately acquire the rights to the intellectual property surrounding the additional vaccine candidates that we may seek to develop or market. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to required third-party intellectual property or to maintain the existing intellectual property rights we have, we may have to abandon development of certain programs and our business financial condition, results of operations and prospects could suffer. 
 Intellectual property discovered through government funded programs may be subject to federal regulations such as march-in rights, certain reporting requirements and a preference for U.S.-based companies. Compliance with such regulations may limit our exclusive rights and limit our ability to contract with non-U.S. manufacturers. 
 We have in-licensed certain patents and patent applications that have been generated through the use of U.S. government funding or grants, and we may acquire or license in the future additional intellectual property rights that have been generated through the use of U.S. government funding or grants. Pursuant to the Bayh-Dole Act of 1980, the U.S. government has certain rights in inventions developed with government funding. Many of the U.S. patents and patent applications that we currently license that may be subject to these government rights are licensed from Takeda pursuant to the Takeda License and relate to HIL-214. These U.S. government rights include a non-exclusive, non-transferable, irrevocable worldwide license to use inventions for any governmental purpose. In addition, the U.S. government has the right, under certain limited circumstances, to require us to grant exclusive, partially exclusive, or non-exclusive licenses to any of these inventions to a third-party if it determines that: (1) adequate steps have not been taken to commercialize the invention; (2) government action is necessary to meet public health or safety needs; or (3) government action is necessary to meet requirements for public use under federal regulations (also referred to as march-in rights ). If the U.S. government exercises its march-in rights in our current or future intellectual property rights that are generated through the use of U.S. government funding or grants, we could be forced to license or sublicense intellectual property developed by us or that we license on terms unfavorable to us, and there can be no assurance that we would receive compensation from the U.S. government for the exercise of such rights. The U.S. government also has the right to take title to these inventions if the grant recipient fails to disclose the invention to the government or fails to file an application to register the intellectual property within specified time limits. Intellectual property generated under a government funded program is also subject to certain reporting requirements, compliance with which may require us or the applicable licensor to expend substantial resources. In addition, the U.S. government requires that any products embodying any of these inventions or produced through the use of any of these inventions be manufactured substantially in the United States. This preference for U.S. industry may be waived by the federal agency that provided the funding if the owner or assignee of the intellectual property can show that reasonable but unsuccessful efforts have been made to grant licenses on similar terms to potential licensees that would be likely to manufacture substantially in the United States or that under the circumstances domestic manufacture is not commercially feasible. This preference for U.S. industry may limit our ability to contract with non-U.S. product manufacturers for products covered by such intellectual property. Any exercise by the government of such rights or failure by us to comply with federal regulations regarding intellectual property rights that were developed through the use of U.S. government funding could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 An active, liquid and orderly market for our common stock may not be maintained. 
 We can provide no assurance that we will be able to maintain an active trading market for our common stock. The lack of an active market may impair your ability to sell your shares at the time you wish to sell them or at a price that you consider reasonable. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling shares and may impair our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies using our shares as consideration, which, in turn, could materially adversely affect our business. 
 The trading price of the shares of our common stock could be highly volatile, and purchasers of our common stock could incur substantial losses. 
 Our stock price is likely to be volatile. The stock market in general and the market for stock of biopharmaceutical companies in particular have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. As a result of this volatility, investors may not be able to sell their common stock at or above the price at which they paid. The market price for our common stock may be influenced by the factors discussed in this Risk factors section and many others, including: 
 recalls or adverse developments or publicity; 

76 

results of our preclinical studies and clinical studies, and the results of trials of our competitors or those of other companies in our market sector; 

our ability to enroll subjects in our future clinical trials; 

regulatory approval of HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates, or limitations to specific label indications or target populations for its use, or changes or delays in the regulatory review process; 

regulatory or legal developments in the United States and foreign countries; 

changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems; 

the success or failure of our efforts to develop, acquire or license additional vaccine candidates; 

innovations, clinical trial results, product approvals and other developments by our competitors; 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; 

manufacturing, supply or distribution delays or shortages; 

any changes to our relationship with any manufacturers, suppliers, collaborators or other strategic partners; 

achievement of expected product sales and profitability; 

variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 

market conditions in the biopharmaceutical sector and issuance of securities analysts reports or recommendations; 

trading volume of our common stock; 

an inability to obtain additional funding; 

sales of our stock by insiders and stockholders, including Takeda; 

general economic, industry and market conditions, including inflation and increases and decreases in interest rates and financial institution instability, many of which are beyond our control; 

announcement of geopolitical events (including in relation to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine); 

additions or departures of key personnel; 

intellectual property, product liability or other litigation against us; 

changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities and the incurrence of additional debt; and 

changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations or principles. 

In addition, in the past, stockholders have initiated class action lawsuits against biopharmaceutical companies following periods of volatility in the market prices of these companies stock. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could cause us to incur substantial costs, divert our management s attention and resources and damage our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and prospects. 
 Our executive officers, directors and principal stockholders, if they choose to act together, have the ability to significantly influence all matters submitted to stockholders for approval. 
 As of March 1, 2023, our executive officers, directors and greater than 5 stockholders, in the aggregate, own a majority of our outstanding common stock. As a result, such persons, acting together, have the ability to significantly influence all matters submitted to our board of directors or stockholders for approval, including the appointment of our management, the election and removal of directors and approval of any significant transaction, as well as our management and business affairs. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control, impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us, or discouraging a 
 77 

potential acquiror from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our business, even if such a transaction would benefit other stockholders. 
 If we were to reprice any stock option or stock appreciation right without the approval of our stockholders, proxy advisory firms may issue a negative recommendation on certain of our compensation-related proposals at future annual meetings of our stockholders. 
 Our 2022 Incentive Award Plan permits the plan administrator, without the approval of our stockholders, to amend any outstanding stock option or stock appreciation right to reduce its price per share, other than in the context of corporate transactions or equity restructurings, as further described in such plan. Proxy advisory firms generally disfavor repricings without stockholder approval under their voting guidelines as currently in effect. In the event we choose to undertake a repricing in the future without the approval of our stockholders, proxy advisory firms may view such an action as a problematic practice under their voting policies and may issue adverse voting recommendations on certain compensation-related proposals at future annual meetings of our stockholders. Certain institutional and other stockholders may similarly view such actions as problematic. 
 We do not currently intend to pay dividends on our common stock, and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation, if any, in the price of our common stock. 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. In addition, under the terms of our Loan Agreement, we are prohibited from paying any cash dividends and any future debt agreements may preclude us from paying dividends. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the appreciation of their stock. There is no guarantee that shares of our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which stockholders have purchased their shares. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock by our existing stockholders in the public market could cause our stock price to fall. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market or the perception that these sales might occur could significantly reduce the market price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise adequate capital through the sale of additional equity securities. 
 We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company, and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies may make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and may remain an emerging growth company until the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our IPO . However, if certain events occur prior to the end of such five-year period, including if we become a large accelerated filer , as defined under the Exchange Act, our annual gross revenue exceeds 1.235 billion or we issue more than 1.0 billion of non-convertible debt in any three-year period, we will cease to be an emerging growth company prior to the end of such five-year period. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company, we are permitted and intend to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. These exemptions include: 
 being permitted to provide only two years of audited financial statements, in addition to any required unaudited interim financial statements, with correspondingly reduced Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations disclosure; 

not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

not being required to comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements, unless the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) determines the new rules are necessary for protecting the public; 

reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation; and 

exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

We cannot predict whether investors will find our common stock less attractive if we rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be reduced or more volatile. In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth 
 78 

company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This allows an emerging growth company to delay the adoption of these accounting standards until they would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to avail ourselves of this exemption and, therefore, we will not be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 
 We are also a smaller reporting company as defined in the Exchange Act. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company even after we are no longer an emerging growth company. We may take advantage of certain of the scaled disclosures available to smaller reporting companies and will be able to take advantage of these scaled disclosures for so long as our voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates is less than 250.0 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter, or our annual revenue is less than 100.0 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and our voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700.0 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter. 
 Provisions in our governing documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable and may lead to entrenchment of management. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could significantly reduce the value of our shares to a potential acquiror or delay or prevent changes in control or changes in our management without the consent of our board of directors. The provisions in our charter documents include the following: 
 a classified board of directors with three-year staggered terms, which may delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our board of directors; 

no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; 

the exclusive right of our board of directors, unless the board of directors grants such right to the stockholders, to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors; 

the required approval of at least 66-2/3 of the shares entitled to vote to remove a director for cause, and the prohibition on removal of directors without cause; 

the ability of our board of directors to authorize the issuance of shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquiror; 

the ability of our board of directors to alter our amended and restated bylaws without obtaining stockholder approval; 

the required approval of at least 66-2/3 of the shares entitled to vote to adopt, amend or repeal our amended and restated bylaws or repeal the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation regarding the election and removal of directors; 

a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders; 

an exclusive forum provision providing that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for certain actions and proceedings; 

the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the board of directors, which may delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; and 

advance notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to our board of directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquiror from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquiror s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 

We are also subject to the anti-takeover provisions contained in Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Under Section 203, a corporation may not, in general, engage in a business combination with any holder of 15 or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other exceptions, the board of directors has approved the transaction. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could 
 79 

limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty, any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws, or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine; provided, that, this provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. These choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees and result in increased costs for investors to bring a claim. By agreeing to this provision, however, stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Furthermore, the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. If a court were to find the choice of forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 General risk factors 
 We incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives. 
 As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, which requires, among other things, that we file with the SEC annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. In addition, the Sarbanes Oxley Act, as well as rules subsequently adopted by the SEC and Nasdaq to implement provisions of Sarbanes-Oxley, impose significant requirements on public companies, including requiring establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and changes in corporate governance practices. Further, pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, the SEC has adopted additional rules and regulations in these areas, such as mandatory say on pay voting requirements that will apply to us when we cease to be an emerging growth company. Stockholder activism, the current political environment and the current high level of government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations, which may lead to additional compliance costs and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways we cannot currently anticipate. 
 We expect the rules and regulations applicable to public companies to substantially increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time consuming and costly. If these requirements divert the attention of our management and personnel from other business concerns, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The increased costs will decrease our net income or increase our net loss, and may require us to reduce costs in other areas of our business or increase the prices of our products or services. For example, we expect these rules and regulations to make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to incur substantial costs to maintain the same or similar coverage. We cannot predict or estimate the amount or timing of additional costs we may incur to respond to these requirements. The impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. 
 We are subject to U.S. and certain foreign export and import controls, sanctions, embargoes, anti-corruption laws and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. Compliance with these legal standards could impair our ability to compete in domestic and international markets. We could face criminal liability and other serious consequences for violations, which could harm our business. 
 We are subject to export control and import laws and regulations, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, U.S. Customs regulations, and various economic and trade sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Controls and anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the USA PATRIOT Act and other state and national anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in the countries in which we conduct activities. Anti-corruption laws are interpreted broadly and prohibit companies and their employees, agents, CROs, contractors and other collaborators and partners from authorizing, 
 80 

promising, offering, providing, soliciting or receiving, directly or indirectly, improper payments or anything else of value to recipients in the public or private sector. We may engage third parties for clinical trials outside of the United States, to sell our products abroad once we enter a commercialization phase, and/or to obtain necessary permits, licenses, patent registrations and other regulatory approvals. We have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or government-affiliated hospitals, universities and other organizations. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our employees, agents, CROs, contractors and other collaborators and partners, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have actual knowledge of such activities. Any violations of the laws and regulations described above may result in substantial civil and criminal fines and penalties, imprisonment, the loss of export or import privileges, debarment, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation, reputational harm and other consequences. 
 Furthermore, U.S. export control laws and economic sanctions prohibit the provision of certain products and services to countries, governments, and persons targeted by U.S. sanctions. U.S. sanctions that have been or may be imposed as a result of military conflicts in other countries may impact our ability to continue activities at future clinical trial sites within regions covered by such sanctions. If we fail to comply with export and import regulations and such economic sanctions, penalties could be imposed, including fines and/or denial of certain export privileges. These export and import controls and economic sanctions could also adversely affect our supply chain. 
 Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 
 Our operations could be subject to earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, hurricanes, typhoons, blizzards and other extreme weather conditions, fires, public health pandemics or epidemics (including, for example, the COVID-19 pandemic) and other natural or manmade disasters or business interruptions, for which we are predominantly self-insured. We rely on third-party manufacturers to produce HIL-214. Our ability to obtain clinical supplies of HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates could be disrupted if the operations of these suppliers were affected by a man-made or natural disaster or other business interruption. In addition, our corporate headquarters is located in Boston, Massachusetts, where we are subject to both severe winter and summer weather conditions. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could seriously harm our operations and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 
 We and any of our third-party manufacturers or suppliers may use potent chemical agents and hazardous materials, and any claims relating to improper handling, storage or disposal of these materials could be time-consuming or costly. 
 We and any of our third-party manufacturers or suppliers and current or potential future collaborators will use biological materials, potent chemical agents and may use hazardous materials, including chemicals and biological agents and compounds that could be dangerous to human health and safety of the environment. Our operations and the operations of our third-party manufacturers and suppliers also produce hazardous waste products. Federal, state and local laws and regulations govern the use, generation, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of these materials and wastes. Compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations may be expensive, and current or future environmental laws and regulations may impair our product development efforts. In addition, we cannot eliminate the risk of accidental injury or contamination from these materials or wastes. We do not carry specific biological or hazardous waste insurance coverage, and our property, casualty and general liability insurance policies specifically exclude coverage for damages and fines arising from biological or hazardous waste exposure or contamination. In the event of contamination or injury, we could be held liable for damages or be penalized with fines in an amount exceeding our resources, and our clinical trials or regulatory approvals could be suspended. Although we maintain workers compensation insurance for certain costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials or other work-related injuries, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not maintain insurance for toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection with our storage or disposal of biologic, hazardous or radioactive materials. 
 In addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, which have tended to become more stringent over time. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our research, development or production efforts. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may 
 81 

result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions or liabilities, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Unstable market and economic conditions and adverse developments with respect to financial institutions and associated liquidity risk may have serious adverse consequences on our business, financial condition and stock price. 
 The global credit and financial markets have recently experienced extreme volatility and disruptions, including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, inflationary pressure and interest rate changes, increases in unemployment rates and uncertainty about economic stability. The financial markets and the global economy may also be adversely affected by the current or anticipated impact of military conflict, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, terrorism or other geopolitical events. Sanctions imposed by the United States and other countries in response to such conflicts, including the one in Ukraine, may also adversely impact the financial markets and the global economy, and any economic countermeasures by the affected countries or others could exacerbate market and economic instability. More recently, the closures of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank and their placement into receivership with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) created bank-specific and broader financial institution liquidity risk and concerns. Although the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve, and the FDIC jointly released a statement that depositors at SVB and Signature Bank would have access to their funds, even those in excess of the standard FDIC insurance limits, under a systemic risk exception, future adverse developments with respect to specific financial institutions or the broader financial services industry may lead to market-wide liquidity shortages, impair the ability of companies to access near-term working capital needs, and create additional market and economic uncertainty. There can be no assurance that future credit and financial market instability and a deterioration in confidence in economic conditions will not occur. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturn, liquidity shortages, volatile business environment or continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions. If the equity and credit markets deteriorate, or if adverse developments are experienced by financial institutions, it may cause short-term liquidity risk and also make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance and stock price and could require us to delay or abandon clinical development plans. In addition, there is a risk that one or more of our current service providers, financial institutions, manufacturers and other partners may be adversely affected by the foregoing risks, which could directly affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule and on budget. 
 Our ability to use net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes may be limited in connection with our IPO or other ownership changes. 
 We have incurred substantial losses during our history, do not expect to become profitable in the near future and may never achieve profitability. To the extent that we continue to generate taxable losses, unused losses will carry forward to offset future taxable income (subject to limitations), if any, until such unused losses expire (if at all). As of December 31, 2022, we had net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards of 29.4 million for federal income tax purposes and 12.4 million for state income tax purposes. Our state NOL carryforwards begin to expire in various amounts in 2041. Our federal NOL carryforwards will not expire but may generally only be used to offset 80 of taxable income, which may require us to pay federal income taxes in future years despite generating federal NOL carryforwards in prior years. 
 In addition, our NOL carryforwards and other tax attributes are subject to review and possible adjustment by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and state tax authorities. Furthermore, in general, under Section 382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), our federal NOL carryforwards may be or become subject to an annual limitation in the event we have had or have in the future an ownership change. For these purposes, an ownership change generally occurs if one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders who own at least 5 of a company s stock increase their ownership by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership percentage within a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. We have not yet determined the amount of the cumulative change in our ownership resulting from our IPO or other transactions, or any resulting limitations on our ability to utilize our NOL carryforwards and other tax attributes. However, we believe that our ability to utilize our NOL carryforwards and other tax attributes to offset future taxable income or tax liabilities may be limited as a result of ownership changes, including potential changes in connection with our IPO. If we earn taxable income, such limitations could result in increased future income tax liability to us and our future cash flows could be adversely affected. We have recorded a full valuation allowance related to our NOL carryforwards and other deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty of the ultimate realization of the future benefits of those assets. 
 Changes in tax law may materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 New income, sales, use or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be enacted at any time, or interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to us, any of which could adversely affect our business operations and financial performance. The likelihood of these changes being enacted or implemented is unclear. We are currently 
 82 

unable to predict whether such changes will occur. If such changes are enacted or implemented, we are currently unable to predict the ultimate impact on our business. We urge our investors to consult with their legal and tax advisors with respect to any changes in tax law and the potential tax consequences of investing in our common stock. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports or publish unfavorable research or reports about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us, our business, our market or our competitors. If one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our stock, or if we fail to meet the expectations of one or more of these analysts, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases to cover us or fails to regularly publish reports on us, interest in our stock could decrease, which could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be impaired, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and the trading price of our common stock may decline. 
 Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management will be required to report upon the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting beginning with the annual report for our fiscal year ending December 31, 2023. When we lose our status as an emerging growth company and do not otherwise qualify as a smaller reporting company with less than 100 million in annual revenue, our independent registered public accounting firm will be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The rules governing the standards that must be met for our management to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation. To comply with the requirements of being a reporting company under the Exchange Act, we may need to upgrade our information technology systems; implement additional financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures; and hire additional accounting and finance staff. If we or, if required, our auditors are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and the trading price of our common stock may decline. 
 We cannot assure you that there will not be material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm determines we have a material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting once that firm begins its Section 404 reviews, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. 
 We could be subject to securities class action litigation. 
 In the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities. This risk is especially relevant for us, because biotechnology and biopharmaceutical companies have experienced significant stock price volatility in recent years. If we face such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources, which could harm our business. 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 Item 2. Properties 
 We lease space for our principal offices and laboratory in Boston, Massachusetts pursuant to a written lease for approximately 32,000 square feet. The current term of our lease expires in December 2032. We believe that our existing facilities will be sufficient for our needs for the foreseeable future. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings. From time to time, we may be involved in legal proceedings or subject to claims incident to the ordinary course of business. Regardless of the outcome, such proceedings or claims can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of resources and other factors, and there can be no assurances that favorable outcomes will be obtained. 
 83 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 84 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol HLVX. 
 Holders of Common Stock 
 As of March 1, 2023, there were 39,252,128 shares of common stock issued and held by approximately 50 stockholders of record. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Information about securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to support our operations and finance the growth and development of our business. We do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon, among other factors, our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, business prospects and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 All unregistered securities issued and sold during the year ended December 31, 2022 are disclosed in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 On April 28, 2022, our registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-264159) was declared effective by the SEC for our IPO. At the closing of the offering on May 3, 2022, we sold 13,529,750 shares of common stock, which included the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase 1,764,750 additional shares, at an initial public offering price of 17.00 per share and received gross proceeds of 230.0 million, which resulted in net proceeds to us of approximately 209.5 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of approximately 16.1 million and offering-related transaction costs of approximately 4.4 million. None of the expenses associated with the initial public offering were paid to directors, officers, persons owning ten percent or more of any class of equity securities, or to their associates, or to our affiliates. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, SVB Securities LLC, Stifel, Nicolaus Company, Incorporated and Guggenheim Securities, LLC acted as joint book-running managers for the offering. 
 There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our IPO from that described in the Prospectus dated April 28, 2022 filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act with the SEC on April 29, 2022. As of 
 85 

December 31, 2022, we estimate that we have used approximately 50.9 million of the proceeds from our IPO for general corporate purposes, including to fund the clinical development of HIL-214. 
 Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities. 
 The following table summarizes the repurchases of our common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 

Average Price Paid Per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 

January 1, 2022 - March 31, 2022 

April 1, 2022 - June 30, 2022 

July 1, 2022 - September 30, 2022 

81,949 

0.0001 

October 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 

Total 

81,949 

0.0001 

(1) In July 2022, we repurchased 36,562 shares of our common stock at par value for an aggregate purchase price of 3.66. In August 2022, we repurchased 45,387 shares of our common stock at par value for an aggregate purchase price of 4.54. 
 Item 6. [Reserved ] 
 86 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. For a complete discussion of forward-looking statements, see the section above entitled Forward Looking Statements. Our actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under the caption Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing novel vaccines. Our initial program, HIL-214, is a virus-like particle (VLP) based vaccine candidate for the prevention of moderate-to-severe acute gastroenteritis (AGE) caused by norovirus infection. It is estimated that norovirus causes nearly 700 million cases of illness and more than 200,000 deaths worldwide per year, as well as significant additional economic and social burden. To date, HIL-214 has been studied in nine clinical trials conducted by Takeda and LigoCyte, which collectively generated safety data from more than 4,500 subjects and immunogenicity data from more than 2,200 subjects, including safety and immunogenicity data from more than 800 pediatric subjects. A randomized, placebo-controlled Phase 2b field efficacy trial enrolled 4,712 adult subjects, and HIL-214 was well tolerated and demonstrated clinical proof of concept in preventing moderate-to-severe cases of AGE from norovirus infection. In September 2021, an open investigational new drug (IND) application was transferred to us from Takeda, under which we initiated a Phase 2b clinical trial, NEST-IN1 (Norovirus Efficacy and Safety Trial in Infants, or NOR-212), in May 2022 to evaluate the safety, immunogenicity, and efficacy of HIL-214 in infants. In May 2022, we completed enrollment of the prespecified 200 subject run-in for NEST-IN1. We resumed enrollment in NEST-IN1 in August 2022, following the prespecified safety assessment by the clinical trial's data monitoring committee. In December 2022, we reported positive interim immunogenicity results for the first 200 subjects of NEST-IN1. We expect to report top-line safety and clinical efficacy data in the second half of 2023. We believe HIL-214 has the potential to be the first ever vaccine approved for norovirus-related illness and will help grow HilleVax into a leading global vaccines company. 
 We commenced our operations in 2019 and have devoted substantially all of our resources to date to organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, in-licensing intellectual property related to our initial vaccine candidate, HIL-214, preparing for and managing our clinical trials of HIL-214, and providing other general and administrative support for our operations. We have funded operations to date primarily through the issuance of convertible promissory notes, commercial bank debt and the sale of common stock in our initial public offering (IPO) which closed in May 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 279.4 million. From inception to December 31, 2022, we raised aggregate gross proceeds of 137.2 million from the issuance of convertible promissory notes and, on May 3, 2022, we completed our IPO, whereby we sold 13,529,750 shares of common stock at a public offering price of 17.00 per share, for net proceeds of approximately 209.5 million, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering costs of approximately 20.5 million. 
 We do not have any products approved for sale, have not generated any revenue and have incurred net losses since our inception. Our net losses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 159.8 million and 102.4 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 265.0 million. Our net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year, depending on the timing of our clinical development activities, other research and development activities and pre-commercialization activities. We expect our expenses and operating losses will increase substantially as we advance HIL-214 through clinical trials, seek regulatory approval for HIL-214, expand our clinical, regulatory, quality, manufacturing and commercialization capabilities, incur significant commercialization expenses for marketing, sales, manufacturing and distribution in anticipation of obtaining potential marketing approval for HIL-214, obtain, maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property, expand our general and administrative support functions, including hiring additional personnel, and incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. 
 Based on our current operating plan, we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements through at least the next 12 months. We have never generated any revenue and do not expect to generate any revenue from product sales unless and until we successfully complete development of, and obtain regulatory approval for, HIL-214, which will not be for several years, if ever. Accordingly, until such time as we can generate significant revenue from sales of HIL-214, if ever, we expect to finance our cash needs through equity offerings, our existing Loan Agreement, debt financings, or other capital sources, including potential collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements. However, we may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other arrangements when needed on favorable terms or at all. Our failure to raise capital or enter into such other arrangements when needed would have a negative impact on our financial condition and could force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product 
 87 

development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market vaccine candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 
 The global COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, and we will continue to monitor the COVID-19 situation closely. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, operations and clinical development timelines and plans remains uncertain, and will depend on certain developments, including its impact on our clinical trial enrollment, trial sites, manufacturers, CROs and other third parties with whom we do business, as well as its impact on regulatory authorities and our key scientific and management personnel. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the impact of new variants of the virus that causes COVID-19, or a similar health epidemic is highly uncertain and subject to change. To the extent possible, we are conducting business as usual, with necessary or advisable modifications to employee travel and most of our non-lab-based employees working remotely. We will continue to actively monitor the evolving situation related to COVID-19 and may take further actions that alter our operations, including those that may be required by federal, state or local authorities, or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees and other third parties with whom we do business. At this point, the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may affect our business, operations and development timelines and plans, including the resulting impact on our expenditures and capital needs, remains uncertain and is subject to change. 
 Financial Operations Overview 
 Our financial statements include the accounts of HilleVax (formerly MokshaCo, Inc. and also the receiving entity), North Bridge V, Inc. (North Bridge V) and YamadaCo III, Inc. (YamadaCo III), prior to being merged into a single entity effective February 8, 2021. Our financial statements also include the accounts of our wholly-owned subsidiary HilleVax GmbH subsequent to its formation in May 2021. The functional currency of our Company and HilleVax GmbH is the U.S. dollar. HilleVax, North Bridge V and YamadaCo III were entities under common control of Frazier Life Sciences X, L.P. or its affiliates (Frazier), as a result of, among other things, Frazier s: (i) ownership of a majority of the outstanding capital stock of each of the companies; (ii) financing of each of the companies; (iii) control of board of directors of each of the companies; and (iv) management of each of the companies. All of the companies were formed for the purpose of identifying potential assets around which to form an operating company. As the merged entities were under common control, the financial statements report the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the merged companies for all periods presented. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 License Agreement with Takeda 
 On July 2, 2021, we and Takeda Vaccines, Inc. (Takeda), a subsidiary of Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, entered into a license agreement (the Takeda License), pursuant to which we exclusively in-licensed certain intellectual property rights to commercialize HIL-214 products worldwide (excluding Japan) (the Territory). We will be responsible, at our cost, for the development, manufacture and commercialization of HIL-214 products. We are obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize HIL-214 products in the Territory, and to seek regulatory approval for such products throughout the world. 
 We paid Takeda upfront consideration consisting of 840,500 shares of our common stock and a warrant to purchase 5,883,500 shares of our common stock (the Takeda Warrant). We further agreed that, in the event that Takeda s fully-diluted ownership, including the Takeda Warrant, represents less than a certain specified percentage of our fully-diluted capitalization, including shares issuable upon conversion of outstanding convertible promissory notes, calculated immediately prior to the closing of our IPO, we would issue an additional warrant to purchase shares of common stock such that Takeda would hold a certain specified percentage of the fully-diluted capitalization immediately before the closing of our IPO (the Takeda Warrant Right). The Takeda Warrant was fully exercised in November 2022. The Takeda Warrant Right expired in connection with our IPO and no additional warrant was issued. We also paid Takeda 2.5 million in cash upon the consummation of our convertible note financing in August 2021 and paid Takeda 2.5 million in March 2022 upon release of certain drug products and completion of certain regulatory activities. We are required to make to Takeda a one-time payment of 7.5 million upon achievement of a specified development milestone and commercial milestone payments of up to 150.0 million in the aggregate if certain annual sales targets for HIL-214 products are met in the Territory. We agreed to pay Takeda tiered high-single digit to low-teen percentage royalties on net sales of HIL-214 products in the Territory, subject to specified offsets and reductions, and Takeda agreed to pay us tiered mid-single digit to low-double digit percentage royalties on net sales of HIL-214 products in Japan, subject to specified offsets and reductions. Royalties will be payable, on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis beginning on the first commercial sale of such product in such country, until the later of (i) the expiration of the licensed patents covering the applicable product, (ii) the expiration of regulatory exclusivity in such country, or (iii) 20 years following the first commercial sale of such product in such country. 
 88 

Transitional Services Agreement with Takeda 
 As contemplated by the Takeda License, on December 17, 2021, we and Takeda entered into a Transitional Services Agreement (the TSA). Pursuant to the TSA, Takeda has agreed to provide, on a transitional basis following the effective date of the Takeda License, certain services related to research and development and regulatory assistance services, oversight and management of ongoing clinical and research studies, and maintenance of certain third-party vendor contracts. In consideration for the services provided under the TSA, we have agreed to pay certain specified amounts to Takeda in cash for such services and certain pass-through costs. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred 2.4 million and 4.9 million, respectively, of research and development expenses for Takeda s services. 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development 
 During 2022 and 2021, our research and development expenses have been related to the development of HIL-214. Research and development expenses are recognized as incurred, and payments made prior to the receipt of goods or services to be used in research and development are capitalized until the goods or services are received. 
 Research and development expenses include: 
 salaries, payroll taxes, employee benefits, and stock-based compensation charges for those individuals involved in research and development efforts; 

external research and development expenses incurred under agreements with CROs and consultants to conduct and support our planned clinical trials of HIL-214; and 

costs related to manufacturing HIL-214 for our planned clinical trials. 

We plan to substantially increase our research and development expenses for the foreseeable future as we continue the development of HIL-214. We cannot determine with certainty the timing of initiation, the duration or the completion costs of current or future preclinical studies and clinical trials of HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates due to the inherently unpredictable nature of clinical and preclinical development. Clinical and preclinical development timelines, the probability of success and development costs can differ materially from expectations. In addition, we cannot forecast whether HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates may be subject to future collaborations, when such arrangements will be secured, if at all, and to what degree such arrangements would affect our development plans and capital requirements. 
 Our future development costs may vary significantly based on factors such as: 
 the number of trials required for approval; 

the number of sites included in the trials; 

the countries in which the trials are conducted; 

the length of time required to enroll eligible subjects; 

the number of subjects that participate in the trials; 

the number of doses evaluated in the trials; 

the costs and timing of manufacturing HIL-214 and placebo for use in our trials; 

the drop-out or discontinuation rates of clinical trial subjects; 

potential additional safety monitoring requested by regulatory agencies; 

the duration of subject participation in the trials and follow-up; 

the phase of development of the vaccine candidate; 

the impact of any interruptions to our operations or to those of the third parties with whom we work due to the COVID-19 pandemic or other disease outbreaks; and 

89 

the safety, purity, potency, immunogenicity and efficacy of the vaccine candidate . 

In-Process Research and Development 
 In-process research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 relate to the Takeda License, and include an aggregate 2.5 million contingent payment upon the release of certain drug products and the completion of certain regulatory activities, which have no alternative future use. In-process research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 relate to the Takeda License, and include the 37.7 million purchase price of the acquired research and development assets. The purchase price of the Takeda License consisted of the following: (i) 2.5 million in cash; (ii) issuance to Takeda of 840,500 shares of our common stock at a fair value of 4.4 million; (iii) issuance of the Takeda Warrant at an initial fair value of 30.5 million; (iv) issuance of the Takeda Warrant Right, with an initial fair value of 34,000; and (v) 0.3 million of transaction costs incurred by us. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses consist of salaries and employee-related costs for personnel in executive, finance and other administrative functions, legal fees relating to intellectual property and corporate matters, and professional fees for accounting, auditing and consulting services. We anticipate that our general and administrative expenses will increase substantially in the future to support our research and development activities, pre-commercial preparation activities for HIL-214 and, if any vaccine candidate receives marketing approval, commercialization activities. We also anticipate increased expenses related to audit, legal, regulatory, and tax-related services associated with maintaining compliance with exchange listing and SEC requirements, director and officer insurance premiums, and investor relations costs associated with operating as a public company. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income consists of interest on money market funds. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists of interest on our outstanding convertible promissory notes and our term loan facility. 
 Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liabilities 
 In connection with the Takeda License, we issued the Takeda Warrant and Takeda Warrant Right (together, the Takeda Warrants). The Takeda Warrants were accounted for as liabilities until they met all the conditions for equity classification due to (i) insufficient authorized shares for the Takeda Warrant and (ii) the Takeda Warrant Right is not indexed to our own stock. Prior to our IPO, we adjusted the carrying value of the Takeda Warrants to their estimated fair value at each reporting date, with any change in fair value of the warrant liabilities recorded as an increase or decrease to change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the consolidated statements of operations. The Takeda Warrant, which became exercisable upon our IPO, was for the purchase of 5,883,500 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 0.0000595 per share and was fully exercised in November 2022. As a result of increasing our authorized shares of common stock in the second quarter of 2022, the Takeda Warrant met the requirements to be equity classified, and we reclassified the fair value of the Takeda Warrant to stockholders' equity. The Takeda Warrant Right expired upon the closing of our IPO without effect to the financial statements since no fair value was allocated to it at that time. Prior to the reclassification to stockholders' equity, the fair value of the Takeda Warrants was derived from the model used to estimate the fair value of our common stock and, upon reclassification, the fair value was based on our IPO price. 
 Change in Fair Value of Convertible Promissory Notes 
 We issued convertible promissory notes in 2019, 2020 and 2021 for which we elected the fair value option. We adjusted the carrying value of our convertible promissory notes to their estimated fair value at each reporting date, with any change in fair value of the convertible promissory notes recorded as an increase or decrease to change in fair value of convertible promissory notes in our consolidated statements of operations. All outstanding convertible promissory notes and related accrued interest converted into shares of our common stock immediately prior to the closing of our IPO. 
 Prior to our IPO, the fair value of our convertible promissory notes was estimated using a scenario-based analysis that estimated the fair value of the convertible promissory notes based on the probability-weighted present value of expected future investment returns, considering possible outcomes available to the noteholders, including various IPO, settlement, 
 90 

equity financing, corporate transactions and dissolution scenarios. The conversion date fair value of the convertible promissory notes was reclassified to stockholders' equity using our publicly traded closing price on the date the convertible promissory notes were converted to common stock. 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the periods indicated (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

45,908 

10,014 

35,894 

In-process research and development 

2,500 

37,656 

(35,156) 

General and administrative 

16,705 

5,756 

10,949 

Total operating expenses 

65,113 

53,426 

11,687 

Loss from operations 

(65,113) 

(53,426) 

(11,687) 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

3,875 

3,875 

Interest expense 

(3,414) 

(2,844) 

(570) 

Change in fair value of convertible promissory notes 

(51,469) 

(20,204) 

(31,265) 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

(43,575) 

(25,911) 

(17,664) 

Other income (expense) 

(113) 

(23) 

(90) 

Total other income (expense) 

(94,696) 

(48,982) 

(45,714) 

Net loss 

(159,809) 

(102,408) 

(57,401) 

Research and development expenses. Research and development expenses were 45.9 million and 10.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase of 35.9 million primarily consisted of 22.7 million of clinical development expenses for HIL-214, largely driven by the commencement of the NEST-IN1 study in 2022, 10.6 million of personnel-related expenses, including 1.7 million of stock-based compensation expense, primarily due to increased headcount, 1.7 million of facility and related expenses, primarily related to our new operating lease which commenced in April 2022, and 0.9 million of other expenses. 
 In-process research and development expenses. We had 2.5 million and 37.7 million of in-process research and development expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the Takeda License, which was entered into in 2021. 
 General and administrative expenses. General and administrative expenses were 16.7 million and 5.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase of 10.9 million primarily consisted of 4.9 million of personnel-related expenses, including 1.3 million of stock-based compensation expense, primarily due to increased headcount, 3.9 million in professional services expenses, primarily due to D O insurance and clinical trial insurance as well as accounting, audit, tax, valuation and other services incurred as we began operating as a public company, 1.2 million of facility and related expenses, primarily due to our new operating lease which commenced in April 2022, and 0.9 million of other expenses. 
 Other income (expense). Other expense of 94.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily consisted of 51.5 million of other expense related to the increase in fair value of our convertible promissory notes, 43.6 million of other expense related to the increase in fair value of the Takeda Warrant, 3.4 million of interest expense on our outstanding convertible promissory notes and term loan facility, offset by 3.9 million of interest income on our cash and cash equivalents. Other expense of 49.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of 25.9 million of other expense related to the increase in the fair value of warrant liabilities, 20.2 million of other expense related to the increase in the fair value of our convertible promissory notes and 2.9 million of interest expense on our outstanding convertible promissory notes. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We have incurred net losses and negative cash flows from operations since our inception and anticipate we will continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future as we continue the development and potential commercialization of HIL-214, 
 91 

and may never become profitable. We have funded our operations to date primarily through the issuance of convertible promissory notes, the net proceeds raised from our IPO and borrowings under our term loan facility. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 279.4 million. 
 Term Loan Facility 
 On April 18, 2022, we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (Loan Agreement) with Hercules Capital, Inc. (Hercules), as administrative and collateral agent, and the lenders party thereto, providing for term loans (Term Loans) of up to 75.0 million in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022, our borrowings consisted of 15.0 million and we have the right to borrow up to an additional 15.0 million through June 30, 2023 (collectively, Term Loan 1). We also have the right to borrow up to 20.0 million through June 30, 2023 (Term Loan 2). In addition, we have the right to borrow up to 25.0 million through March 31, 2024 (Term Loan 3), provided that on or prior to March 31, 2023, (i) we have announced that our planned Phase 2b clinical trial evaluating the safety, immunogenicity, and efficacy of HIL-214 in infants (HIL-214 Vaccine Trial) will continue without material adverse modification after completion of our planned interim safety and immunogenicity analysis on the first 200 evaluable subjects in the HIL-214 Vaccine Trial and (ii) we have announced the completion of subject enrollment for the HIL-214 Vaccine Trial, which shall involve the enrollment of approximately 3,000 or more subjects. All Term Loans are subject to a minimum draw amount of 5.0 million and no event of default having occurred and be continuing. The borrowings under the Loan Agreement are collateralized by substantially all of our assets, including intellectual property and certain other assets. 
 The Term Loans bear (a) cash interest at a floating rate of the higher of (i) the Wall Street Journal prime rate (or 5.00 if less) plus 1.05 , or (ii) 4.55 (interest rate of 6.05 as of December 31, 2022), and (b) additional interest (PIK Interest) at a per annum rate equal to 2.85 , with such interest being added to the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loans on a monthly basis. The monthly payments consist of interest-only through June 1, 2025 or, if prior to April 30, 2025, (x) the conditions to Term Loan 3 have been satisfied and (y) we have reasonably determined that (i) the HIL-214 Vaccine Trial has achieved the protocol-specified primary efficacy endpoint and (ii) HIL-214 has demonstrated acceptable safety results in the HIL-214 Vaccine Trial, and, as a result, we support the initiation of a Phase 3 registrational trial as the next immediate step in the development of HIL-214, in each case subject to reasonable verification by Hercules, through June 1, 2026. Subsequent to the interest-only period, the Term Loans will be payable in equal monthly installments of principal, plus accrued and unpaid interest, through the maturity date of May 1, 2027. In addition, we are obligated to pay a final payment fee equal to the greater of (i) 2.1 million and (ii) 7.15 of the original principal amount of the Term Loans. We may elect to prepay all or a portion of the Term Loans prior to maturity, subject to a prepayment fee of up to 2.00 of the then outstanding principal balance and the pro rata application of such payment to the final payment fee. After repayment, no Term Loan amounts may be borrowed again. 
 The Loan Agreement contains certain customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. The affirmative covenants include, among others, covenants requiring us to maintain our legal existence and governmental approvals, deliver certain financial reports, maintain insurance coverage and satisfy certain requirements regarding our operating accounts. The negative covenants include, among others, limitations on our ability to incur additional indebtedness and liens, merge with other companies or consummate certain changes of control, acquire other companies or businesses, make certain investments, pay dividends, transfer or dispose of assets, amend certain material agreements, including the Takeda License, or enter into various specified transactions. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, subject to any specified cure periods, all amounts owed by us would begin to bear interest at a rate that is 4.00 above the rate effective immediately before the event of default and may be declared immediately due and payable by Hercules, as collateral agent. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total outstanding borrowings, including PIK interest, under the Loan Agreement were 15.1 million. As of December 31, 2022, future minimum principal, interest and final payment fees due under the Loan Agreement were approximately 22.3 million, with 0.9 million payable for the year ending December 31, 2023. See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 Convertible Promissory Note Financings 
 From inception to July 2021, we issued an aggregate of 8.5 million of convertible promissory notes to Frazier (the Frazier Notes), bearing interest at per annum rates ranging from 0.12 to 2.52 . In August 2021, these notes and related accrued interest were exchanged for the August 2021 Notes described below. 
 On August 31, 2021, we entered into a note purchase agreement under which we issued 139.5 million of unsecured convertible promissory notes (the August 2021 Notes). Of the August 2021 Notes, 103.8 million were issued to new investors, 25.0 million were issued to Frazier for cash and 10.7 million were issued to Frazier in exchange for the then 
 92 

outstanding principal and accrued interest on the Frazier Notes. The August 2021 Notes bore interest at a rate of 6 per annum, compounded annually. The August 2021 Notes automatically converted into 10,672,138 shares of our common stock immediately prior to the completion of our IPO. 
 Funding Requirements 
 Based on our current operating plan, we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements through at least the next 12 months. In particular, we expect that our existing cash and cash equivalents will allow us to complete enrollment and dosing in, and report top-line safety and clinical efficacy data for, our Phase 2b NEST-IN1 study and technical transfer and manufacturing readiness for producing clinical trial supply for a Phase 3 study. However, our forecast of the period of time through which our financial resources will be adequate to support our operations is a forward-looking statement that involves risks and uncertainties, and actual results could vary materially. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could deplete our capital resources sooner than we expect. Additionally, the process of testing vaccine candidates in clinical trials is costly, and the timing of progress and expenses in these trials is uncertain. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 the initiation, type, number, scope, results, costs and timing of, our planned clinical trials of HIL-214 and preclinical studies or clinical trials of other potential vaccine candidates we may choose to pursue in the future, including any modifications to clinical development plans based on feedback that we may receive from regulatory authorities; 

the costs and timing of manufacturing for HIL-214 and placebo to be used in our planned clinical trials, as well as commercial scale manufacturing, if any vaccine candidate is approved; 

the costs, timing and outcome of regulatory meetings and reviews of HIL-214 or any future vaccine candidates; 

any delays and cost increases that may result from the COVID-19 pandemic or other disease outbreak; 

the costs of obtaining, maintaining and enforcing our patents and other intellectual property rights; 

our efforts to enhance operational systems and hire additional personnel to satisfy our obligations as a public company, including enhanced internal controls over financial reporting; 

the costs associated with hiring additional personnel and consultants as our business grows, including additional officers and clinical development and commercial personnel; 

the terms and timing of establishing and maintaining collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements; 

the timing and amount of the milestone, royalty or other payments we must make to Takeda and any future licensors; 

the costs and timing of establishing or securing sales and marketing capabilities if HIL-214 or future vaccine candidates are approved; 

our ability to receive recommendations from the ACIP or other foreign NITAGs, and achieve sufficient market acceptance, coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors and adequate market share and revenue for any approved products; 

vaccine recipients willingness to pay out-of-pocket for any approved products in the absence of coverage and/or adequate reimbursement from third-party payors; and 

costs associated with any products or technologies that we may in-license or acquire. 

Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenues to support our cost structure, we expect to finance our cash needs through equity offerings, the Loan Agreement, debt financings, or other capital sources, including potential collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of our stockholders will be or could be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our common stockholders. Debt financing and equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise funds through collaborations, or other similar arrangements with third parties, we may have to 
 93 

relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, intellectual property, future revenue streams, research programs or vaccine candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us and/or may reduce the value of our common stock. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market our vaccine candidates even if we would otherwise prefer to develop and market such vaccine candidates ourselves. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table sets forth a summary of the net cash flow activity for each of the periods indicated (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 

(61,989) 

(7,295) 

Investing activities 

(6,514) 

(2,808) 

Financing activities 

224,969 

134,212 

Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

156,466 

124,109 

Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities of 62.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to our net loss of 159.8 million and a net change of 5.4 million in our operating assets and liabilities, partially offset by 103.2 million of noncash charges primarily related to the 51.5 million change in fair value of the August 2021 Notes, the 43.6 million change in fair value of the Takeda Warrants, 2.3 million related to non-cash lease costs, 2.5 million related to acquired in-process research and development, 3.0 million of stock-based compensation, 0.3 million related to amortization of debt discount and 0.1 million related to issuance of PIK interest debt. The net change in operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to an 11.1 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets, offset by a 3.0 million increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses in support of the growth in our operating activities and a 2.9 million increase in accrued interest on our convertible promissory notes. 
 Net cash used in operating activities of 7.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to our net loss of 102.4 million, adjusted by 83.8 million of noncash charges and a 11.3 million net change in operating assets and liabilities. Noncash charges consisted of our in-process research and development charges of 37.7 million related to the Takeda License, 25.9 million related to the change in fair value of warrant liabilities and 20.2 million related to the change in fair value of convertible promissory notes. The net change in operating assets and liabilities primarily related to an 8.5 million increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses in support of the growth in our operating activities and a 2.8 million increase in accrued interest on our convertible promissory notes. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities of 6.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to 2.5 million of cash paid for purchased in-process research and development and 4.0 million of purchases of property and equipment. 
 Net cash used in investing activities of 2.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to the 2.8 million of cash we paid, including transaction costs, to acquire the Takeda License and payments for the acquisition of property and equipment. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities of 225.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to 210.3 million of net proceeds from our IPO and 14.7 million of net proceeds from borrowings under our term loan facility. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities of 134.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to 135.0 million of proceeds from our issuance of convertible promissory notes, offset by our payment of 0.8 million of costs related to our IPO. 
 94 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 In March 2022, we entered into an operating lease for office and laboratory space located in Boston, Massachusetts (the Boston Lease). The Boston Lease commenced in April 2022 with base rental payments beginning in January 2023. The Boston Lease includes certain tenant improvement allowances for the reimbursement of up to 6.3 million of costs incurred by us, and an option for us to extend the lease for a period of five years. Under the terms of the Boston Lease, we provided the lessor with an irrevocable standby letter of credit secured by restricted cash in the amount of 1.6 million. In addition, we have a minor operating lease for a facility in Switzerland. As of December 31, 2022, future minimum operating lease payments were approximately 39.5 million, with 3.5 million of payments for the year ending December 31, 2023. See Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report for additional information regarding this operating lease agreement. 
 In April 2022, we borrowed 5.0 million at the inception of the Loan Agreement and in December 2022, we borrowed an additional 10.0 million. See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report for additional information regarding the Loan Agreement. 
 Under the Takeda License, we have milestone payment obligations that are contingent upon the achievement of certain development milestones and specified levels of product sales and are required to make certain royalty payments in connection with the sale of products developed under the agreement. We are currently unable to estimate the timing or likelihood of achieving the milestones or making future product sales. In addition, we have payment obligations under the TSA. See above and Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report for additional information regarding the Takeda License and TSA. 
 We enter into contracts in the normal course of business for contract research services, contract manufacturing services, professional services and other services and products for operating purposes. These contracts generally provide for termination after a notice period, and, therefore, are cancelable contracts. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
 Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We evaluate these estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report, we believe that the following accounting policies are the most critical for fully understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Accrued research and development expenses 
 As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate our accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date. This process involves reviewing open contracts and purchase orders, communicating with our personnel to identify services that have been performed on our behalf and estimating the level of service performed and the associated cost incurred for the service when we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of the actual cost. We make estimates of our accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date based on facts and circumstances known to us at that time. We periodically confirm the accuracy of our estimates with the service providers and make adjustments, if necessary. The significant estimates in our accrued research and development expenses include the costs incurred for services performed by our vendors in connection with research and development activities for which we have not yet been invoiced. 
 We base our expenses related to research and development activities on our estimates of the services received and efforts expended pursuant to quotes and contracts with vendors that conduct research and development and contract manufacturing services on our behalf. The financial terms of these agreements are subject to negotiation, vary from contract to contract and may result in uneven payment flows. There may be instances in which payments made to our vendors will exceed the level of services provided and result in a prepayment of the research and development expense. In accruing service fees, we estimate the time period over which services will be performed and the level of effort to be 
 95 

expended in each period. If the actual timing of the performance of services or the level of effort varies from our estimate, we adjust the accrual or prepaid expense accordingly. Advance payments for goods and services that will be used in future research and development activities are expensed when the activity has been performed or when the goods have been received rather than when the payment is made. 
 Although we do not expect our estimates to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, if our estimates of the status and timing of services performed differ from the actual status and timing of services performed, it could result in us reporting amounts that are too high or too low in any particular period. To date, there have been no material differences between our estimates of such expenses and the amounts actually incurred. 
 In-process research and development 
 We evaluate whether acquired intangible assets are a business under applicable accounting standards. Additionally, we evaluate whether the acquired assets have a future alternative use. Intangible assets that do not have future alternative use, such as the Takeda License, are considered acquired in-process research and development. When the acquired in-process research and development assets are not part of a business combination, the value of the consideration paid is expensed on the acquisition date. 
 Fair value of warrant liabilities and convertible promissory notes 
 As described above, prior to our IPO, our warrant liabilities and convertible promissory notes were revalued at each reporting period with changes in the fair value of the liabilities recorded as a component of other income (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report for information concerning certain of the specific assumptions we used in determining the fair value of our warrant liabilities and convertible promissory notes. There are significant judgments and estimates inherent in the determination of the fair value of these liabilities. If we had made different assumptions including, among others, those related to the timing and probability of various corporate scenarios, discount rates, volatilities and exit valuations, the carrying values of our warrant liabilities and convertible promissory notes, and our net loss and net loss per common share could have been significantly different. 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 Stock-based compensation expense represents the cost of the grant date fair value of equity awards, primarily consisting of stock options and employee stock purchase rights, recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for stock options and over the respective offering period for employee stock purchase plan rights, with forfeitures recognized as they occur. Since all equity awards from inception to July 1, 2021 were issued prior to us obtaining the Takeda License on July 2, 2021, we have not recognized any material amount of stock-based compensation and do not have any material amounts of unrecognized stock-based compensation related to those awards. 
 We estimate the fair value of option grants using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Estimating the fair value of equity awards as of the grant date using valuation models, such as the Black-Scholes option pricing model, is affected by assumptions regarding a number of variables, including the risk-free interest rate, the expected stock price volatility, the expected term of stock options, the expected dividend yield and the fair value of the underlying common stock on the date of grant. Changes in the assumptions can materially affect the fair value and ultimately how much stock-based compensation expense is recognized. These inputs are subjective and generally require significant analysis and judgment to develop. See Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for information concerning certain of the specific assumptions we used in applying the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the estimated fair value of our stock options granted during 2022 and 2021. 
 Common stock valuations 
 Prior to obtaining the Takeda License in July 2021, the fair value of our common stock was nominal because we were not sufficiently capitalized and held no assets that could be used to generate future revenues. Subsequent to obtaining the Takeda License and prior to our IPO, we estimated the fair value of our common stock taking into account input from independent third-party valuation specialists using methodologies, approaches and assumptions consistent with the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Accounting and Valuation Guide: Valuation of Privately Held Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation (the Practice Aid). 
 Following the completion of our IPO, the fair value of our common stock is based on the closing price as reported on the date of grant on the primary stock exchange on which our common stock is traded. 
 96 

JOBS Act and Smaller Reporting Company 
 As an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act), we can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This allows an emerging growth company to delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to avail ourselves of this exemption and, therefore, we will not be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. We intend to rely on other exemptions provided by the JOBS Act, including without limitation, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of Sarbanes-Oxley. As a result, our consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 
 We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the consummation of our IPO, (ii) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, (iii) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded 700.0 million as of the last business day of the second fiscal quarter of such year, or (iv) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 
 We are also a smaller reporting company as defined in the Exchange Act. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company even after we are no longer an emerging growth company. We may take advantage of certain of the scaled disclosures available to smaller reporting companies and will be able to take advantage of these scaled disclosures for so long as our voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates is less than 250.0 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter, or our annual revenue is less than 100.0 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and our voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700.0 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Not applicable to a smaller reporting company. 
 97 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 99 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 100 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 101 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 
 102 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 103 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 104 

98 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of HilleVax, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of HilleVax, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 
 
 March 17, 2023 
 
 99 

HilleVax, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and par value data) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Restricted cash 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable (includes related party amounts of and , respectively) 

Accrued expenses (includes related party amounts of and , respectively) 

Accrued interest (includes related party amounts of and , respectively) 

Convertible promissory notes payable at fair value (includes related party amounts of and , respectively) 

Current portion of operating lease liability 

Warrant liabilities - related party 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

Long-term debt, net of debt discount 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) 

Stockholders equity (deficit): 

Preferred stock, par value; authorized shares and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Common stock, par value; authorized shares and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively; issued shares and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively; outstanding shares and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

() 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 

See accompanying notes. 
 100 

HilleVax, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development (includes related party amounts of and , respectively) 

In-process research and development - related party 

General and administrative (includes related party amounts of and , respectively) 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Interest expense (includes related party amounts of and ), respectively) 

() 

() 

Change in fair value of convertible promissory notes (includes related party amounts of and ), respectively) 

() 

() 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities - related party 

() 

() 

Other income (expense) 

() 

() 

Total other income (expense) 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Pension and other postemployment benefits 

() 

Total comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding, basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes. 
 101 

HilleVax, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

Common Stock 

Shares 

Amount 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 

Accumulated Deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock 

Issuance of common stock in connection with license agreement 

Vesting restrictions placed on previously issued and outstanding common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Vesting of restricted shares 

Stock based compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock in connection with initial public offering, net of issuance costs of 

Conversion of August 2021 Notes and accrued interest into common shares 

Conversion of Takeda Warrant liability into equity 

Exercise of Takeda Warrant 

Vesting of restricted shares 

Stock based compensation 

Issuance of common stock under stock purchase plan 

Pension and other postemployment benefits 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes. 
 102 

HilleVax, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Stock-based compensation 

Change in fair value of convertible promissory notes (includes related party amounts of and , respectively) 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities - related party 

Non-cash lease costs 

() 

Amortization of debt discount 

Issuance of PIK interest debt 

Acquired in-process research and development - related party 

Loss on disposal of property and equipment 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets (includes related party amounts of and , respectively) 

() 

() 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities (includes related party amounts of and , respectively) 

Accrued interest (includes related party amounts of and , respectively) 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Cash paid for purchased in-process research and development 

() 

() 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock in initial public offering 

Payment of initial public offering costs 

() 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible promissory notes 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities 

Accrued interest exchanged for convertible promissory notes 

Operating lease 

Issuance of Takeda Warrants in connection with Takeda License 

Issuance of common stock in connection with Takeda License 

Unpaid initial public offering costs 

Unpaid property and equipment purchases 

Conversion of convertible promissory notes and interest into common stock 

Conversion of warrant liability into equity 

Accreted final interest payment fees 

Settlement of ESPP liability in common stock 

See accompanying notes. 
 103 

HilleVax, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 -for-1 forward split of shares of the Company s common stock (the Forward Stock Split ). The par value of the common stock was not adjusted as a result of the Forward Stock Split and the authorized shares were increased to shares of common stock in connection with the Forward Stock Split. The accompanying financial statements and notes to the financial statements give retroactive effect to the Forward Stock Split for all periods presented, unless otherwise indicated. 
 shares of common stock at a public offering price of per share, for net proceeds of approximately million, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering costs of approximately million (see Note 9). 

companies, and (iv) management of each of the companies. As the merged entities were under common control, the financial statements prior to the Merger report the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of these merged companies. The financial statements also include, subsequent to its formation in May 2021, the accounts of HilleVax GmbH, a wholly-owned subsidiary formed in Zurich, Switzerland. The functional currency of both the Company and HilleVax GmbH is the U.S. dollar. The Company s assets and liabilities that are not denominated in the functional currency are remeasured into U.S. dollars at foreign currency exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date except for nonmonetary assets, which are remeasured at historical foreign currency exchange rates in effect at the date of transaction. Net realized and unrealized gains and losses from foreign currency transactions and remeasurement are reported in other income (expense), in the consolidated statements of operations and were not material for the periods presented. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

not have future alternative use are considered acquired in-process research and development. When the acquired in-process research and development assets are not part of a business combination, the value of the consideration paid is expensed on the acquisition date. 

operating segment. 
 shares of common stock under the Takeda Warrant, prior to exercise, in the calculation of basic weighted-average common shares outstanding from the time the Takeda Warrant became exercisable upon the Company s IPO because the Takeda Warrant is exercisable for minimal consideration. The Company has excluded weighted-average unvested shares of shares and shares from the basic weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 9 for further information regarding these share restrictions. Diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing the consolidated net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares and dilutive common stock equivalents outstanding for the period determined using the treasury-stock and if-converted methods. Potentially dilutive common stock equivalents are comprised of unvested common stock, common stock options, contingently issuable shares under the Company's employee stock purchase plan, and common stock warrants. For all periods presented, there is no difference in the number of shares used to calculate basic and diluted shares outstanding as inclusion of the potentially dilutive common stock equivalents would be antidilutive. 

Common stock warrants 

Unvested common stock 

ESPP shares 

Total potentially dilutive shares 

payable, and accrued liabilities, approximate fair value due to their short maturities. The estimated fair value of the Company s long-term debt approximated the carrying amount given its floating interest rate basis. Warrant liabilities and convertible promissory notes were recorded at fair value on a recurring basis until they converted to equity in connection with the Company's IPO which closed in May 2022. 

Convertible promissory notes 

Total 

The Company has financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis. ne of the Company s non-financial assets or liabilities are recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis. No transfers between levels have occurred during the periods presented. The warrant liabilities consisted of an issued and outstanding common stock warrant (the Takeda Warrant and a right to receive an additional common stock warrant (the Takeda Warrant Right , and together with the Takeda Warrant, the Takeda Warrants issued to Takeda Vaccines, Inc. Takeda in connection with a July 2021 license agreement. The Takeda Warrants were accounted for as liabilities at fair value as they did not meet all the conditions for equity classification due to (i) insufficient authorized shares for the Takeda Warrant and (ii) the Takeda Warrant Right is not indexed to the Company s own stock. As a result of the Company increasing its authorized shares of common stock (see Note 9) in the second quarter of 2022, the Takeda Warrant met the requirements to be equity classified, and the Company reclassified the fair value of the Takeda Warrant to stockholders' equity. The Takeda Warrant was exercised in November 2022 for the purchase of shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise price of per share. The Takeda Warrant Right expired upon the closing of the Company's IPO without effect to the financial statements since no fair value was allocated to it at that time. Prior to the reclassification to stockholders' equity, the fair value of the Takeda Warrants was derived from the model used to estimate the fair value of the Company s common stock and, upon reclassification, the fair value was based on the Company's IPO price. The Company issued convertible promissory notes to Frazier (the Frazier Notes from April 2019 to July 2021 and issued unsecured convertible promissory notes in August 2021 (the August 2021 Notes to investors including Frazier. The Company elected the fair value option for each of its convertible promissory note issuances due to certain embedded features within the notes. Prior to conversion, the fair value of the Frazier Notes and the August 2021 Notes was estimated using a scenario-based analysis that estimated the fair value of the convertible promissory notes based on the probability-weighted present value of expected future investment returns, considering possible outcomes available to the noteholders, including various IPO, settlement, equity financing, corporate transactions and dissolution scenarios. The Frazier Notes were exchanged for August 2021 Notes in August 2021. The principal and accrued interest of the August 2021 Notes automatically converted into shares of the Company's common stock immediately prior to the completion of the IPO (see Note 8). The conversion date fair value of the August 2021 Notes was reclassified to stockholders' equity and was estimated using the Company's publicly traded closing price on the date the notes were converted to common stock. Prior to their reclassification to stockholders' equity in connection with the IPO, the Company adjusted the carrying value of its warrant liabilities and convertible promissory notes to their estimated fair value at each reporting date, with any related increases or decreases in the fair value recorded as change in fair value of warrant liabilities and as change in fair value of convertible promissory notes, respectively, in the consolidated statements of operations. - 

Estimated time to liquidity 
 
 - years 

Discount rate 

August 2021 Notes 
 
 Estimated time to liquidity 
 
 - years 

Volatility 
 
 - 

Discount rate 
 
 - 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 - 

There are significant judgments, assumptions and estimates inherent in the determination of the fair value of each of the instruments described above. These include determination of a valuation method and selection of the possible outcomes available to the Company, including the determination of timing and expected future investment returns for such scenarios. The related judgments, assumptions and estimates are highly interrelated and changes in any one assumption could necessitate changes in another. In particular, any changes in the probability of a particular outcome would require a related change to the probability of another outcome. 

Change in fair value 

Reclass Takeda Warrant into equity 

() 

Conversion of August 2021 Notes into common shares upon IPO (excluding accrued interest of 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Leasehold improvements 

Construction in progress 

Total property and equipment, at cost 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was not material. Accrued Expenses 

Accrued payroll and payroll-related costs 

Other 

Total accrued expenses 

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

noncancelable operating lease for a facility in Switzerland, which it determined was an operating lease at the inception of the lease contract. The lease commencement date occurred in September 2021 when the Company gained access to the facility. The Company is obligated to make monthly rental payments that periodically escalate during the lease term and is subject to additional charges for common area maintenance and other costs. an option to extend the lease for a period of which the Company is not reasonably certain to exercise. In March 2022, the Company entered into a lease for office and laboratory space located in Boston, Massachusetts (the Boston Lease ), which it determined was an operating lease at the inception of the lease contract. The Boston Lease commenced in April 2022 with base rental payments beginning in January 2023. The Boston Lease includes certain tenant improvement allowances for the reimbursement of up to million of costs incurred by the Company, and n for the Company to extend the lease for a period of , which the Company is not reasonably certain to exercise. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company has not yet incurred any leasehold improvement costs that were paid for by the lessor. The Company expects to receive all tenant improvement reimbursements during the year ending December 31, 2023. Under the terms of the Boston Lease, the Company provided the lessor with an irrevocable standby letter of credit secured by restricted cash in the amount of million. 

The Company incurred an immaterial amount of expense related to short-term leases during the year ended December 31, 2022 . Operating lease expense was t material for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Other information: 

Weighted-average remaining lease term 

Weighted-average discount rate 

As there was not an implicit rate within the leases, management estimated the incremental borrowing rate based on the rate of interest the Company would have to pay to borrow a similar amount on a collateralized basis over a similar term as well as by using a set of peer companies' incremental borrowing rates. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted operating lease payments 

Present value adjustment 

() 

Tenant improvement reimbursements 

() 

Operating lease liability 

Less current portion of operating lease liability 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

6 
 and , respectively, related to these shared operating expenses. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company incurred and million, respectively, of shared operating expenses. As described in Note 8, the Company borrowed amounts from Frazier in connection with various convertible note financings. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company recognized a million and million, respectively, change in fair value of convertible promissory notes in connection with convertible promissory notes issued to Frazier. For each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company recognized million of interest expense in connection with convertible promissory notes issued to Frazier. In connection with the Takeda License (as defined and described in Note 7), Takeda became a related party stockholder with representation on the Company s board of directors. The Company and Takeda are party to a TSA (as defined and described in Note 7) under which the Company is obligated to pay Takeda for certain services, including pass-through costs, related to research and development and regulatory assistance services, oversight and management of ongoing clinical and research studies, and maintenance of third-party vendor contracts. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred million and million, respectively, of research and development expenses for Takeda s services. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million, respectively, of accounts payable and accrued expenses due to Takeda. See Note 7 for further information regarding the Company s related party transactions with Takeda. 

 7 
 million in cash, (ii) issued Takeda shares of its common stock at a fair value of million, (iii) issued Takeda a warrant (the Takeda Warrant to purchase shares of its common stock at an exercise price of per share, which was fully exercised in November 2022, and (iv) issued Takeda a warrant right (the Takeda Warrant Right to receive an additional common stock warrant should Takeda s fully-diluted ownership of the Company, including the Takeda Warrant, represent less than a certain specified percentage of the fully-diluted capitalization, including shares issuable upon conversion of outstanding convertible promissory notes, calculated immediately prior to the earlier of the closing of the Company s IPO or a change of control transaction, at an initial fair value of . In addition, the Company is obligated to pay Takeda an aggregate of million upon the release of certain drug product and the completion of certain regulatory activities, which payment was made in March 2022, million upon the achievement of a specified development milestone, up to an aggregate of million in sales milestones upon the achievement of specified annual sales levels of HIL-214 products in the Territory, and tiered high single-digit to low-teen percentage royalties on net sales of HIL-214 products in the Territory, subject to specified offsets and reductions. Takeda has agreed to pay the Company tiered mid-single digit to low-double digit percentage royalties on net sales of HIL-214 products in Japan, subject to specified offsets and reductions. Royalties will be payable, on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis from the first commercial sale of such product in such country, until the latest of expiration of the licensed patents covering the applicable product, expiration of regulatory exclusivity in such country, or 20 years following first commercial sale of such product in such country. The obligations related to contingent payments are recognized in the accompanying consolidated financial statements when the contingency is resolved and the consideration is paid or becomes payable. As of December 31, 2022, none of the contingent payments were due or payable. Absent early termination, the Takeda License expires on a country-by-country and product-by-product basis upon the expiration of the applicable royalty term with respect to each product in each country, as applicable, or in its entirety upon the expiration of the royalty term with respect to the last product commercialized in the last country. The Company may terminate the Takeda License upon six months prior written notice. The Company and Takeda may terminate the Takeda License in the case of the other party s insolvency, or upon prior written notice within a specified time period for the other party s material uncured breach. Takeda may terminate the Takeda License if the Company challenges licensed patents, or assists any third-party in challenging such patents. The acquisition of the Takeda License has been accounted for as an asset acquisition as substantially all of the fair value is concentrated in a group of similar assets. The million fair value (including million of transaction costs of the consideration paid for these research and development assets, which have no alternative future use, was recorded as in-process research and development in the Company s consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. In March 2022, the Company paid Takeda an aggregate million contingent payment upon the release of certain drug products and the completion of certain regulatory activities, which have no alternative future use, and was recorded as in-process research and development in the Company s consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. Transitional Services Agreement with Takeda As contemplated by the Takeda License, on December 17, 2021, the Company entered into a Transitional Services Agreement TSA with Takeda under which the Company will be obligated to pay Takeda for certain services, including pass-through costs, related to research and development and regulatory assistance services, oversight and management of ongoing clinical and research studies, and maintenance of third party vendor contracts. The TSA and related activities are considered related party transactions. Unless earlier terminated under its terms, the TSA will remain in effect until all transitional services are completed. The Company may terminate the provision of any or all services under the TSA upon certain written notice. The Company and Takeda may terminate the TSA in the case of the other party s insolvency, or upon prior written notice within a specified time period for the other party s material uncured breach. Takeda may terminate the TSA for non-payment and, in certain circumstances, upon a change of control of the Company. 401(k) Plan The Company established a defined-contribution plan under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code (the 401(k) Plan). The 401(k) Plan covers all eligible employees who meet defined minimum age and service requirements and allows participants to defer a portion of their annual compensation on a pre-tax basis. Beginning November 2022, of the employee s contributions, subject to a maximum of of eligible compensation. The matching contributions for the year ended December 31, 2022 were not material. Contingencies In the event the Company becomes subject to claims or suits arising in the ordinary course of business, the Company would accrue a liability for such matters when it is probable that future expenditures will be made and such expenditures can be reasonably estimated. 

 8 
 million bearing interest at per annum rates ranging from to . An aggregate of million of the Frazier Notes were issued in April, May and September of 2019 (the 2019 Frazier Notes ), an aggregate of million of the Frazier Notes were issued in March, August and October of 2020 (the 2020 Frazier Notes and an aggregate of million of Frazier Notes were issued from April to July 2021 (the 2021 Frazier Notes ). The Frazier Notes were generally scheduled to mature to months from the date of issuance. The Company recorded changes in the fair value of the Frazier Notes in the consolidated statements of operations. The Frazier Notes were exchanged for convertible promissory notes newly issued in connection with the August 2021 convertible note financing described below. August 2021 Convertible Note Financing On August 31, 2021, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement under which it issued the August 2021 Notes for an aggregate of million. Of the August 2021 Notes, million were issued to new investors, million were issued to Frazier for cash and million were issued to Frazier in exchange for the then outstanding principal and accrued interest on the Frazier Notes. The August 2021 Notes carried interest at a rate of per annum, compounded . As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding principal balance of the August 2021 Notes was million. The principal and accrued interest on the August 2021 Notes automatically converted into shares of the Company's common stock immediately prior to the completion of the IPO. Of these shares, were issued to Frazier. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company recognized a million and million, respectively, change in fair value of convertible promissory notes. For each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company recognized million of interest expense in connection with convertible promissory notes. Long-Term Debt 

Accumulated PIK interest 

Total principal (including PIK interest) 

Unamortized debt discount 

() 

Long-term debt, net of debt discount 

On April 18, 2022, the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement Loan Agreement with Hercules Capital, Inc. Hercules ), as administrative and collateral agent, and the lenders party thereto providing for term loans Term Loans of up to million in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had borrowed 1 million pursuant to the Loan Agreement and has the right to borrow up to an additional million through June 30, 2023 (collectively, Term Loan 1 ). The Company also has the right to borrow up to million through June 30, 2023 Term Loan 2 ). In addition, the Company has the right to borrow million through March 31, 2024 Term Loan 3 ), provided that on or prior to March 31, 2023, (i) the Company has announced that the planned Phase 2b clinical trial evaluating the safety, immunogenicity, and efficacy of HIL-214 in infants HIL-214 Vaccine Trial will continue without material adverse modification after completion of the planned interim safety and immunogenicity analysis on the first 200 evaluable subjects in the HIL-214 Vaccine Trial, and (ii) the Company has announced the completion of subject enrollment for the HIL-214 Vaccine Trial, which shall involve the enrollment of approximately 3,000 or more subjects. All Term Loans are subject to a minimum draw amount of million and no event of default under the Loan Agreement having occurred and is continuing. The borrowings under the Loan Agreement are collateralized by substantially all of the Company s assets, including intellectual property and certain other assets. The Term Loans bear (a) cash interest at a floating rate of the higher of (i) the Wall Street Journal prime rate (or if less) plus , or (ii) (interest rate of as of December 31, 2022), and (b) additional interest PIK Interest at a per annum rate equal to , with such interest being added to the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loans on a monthly basis. . In addition, the Company is obligated to pay a final payment fee equal to the greater of (i) million and (ii) of the original principal amount of the Term Loans (which is million as of December 31, 2022). The Company may elect to prepay all or a portion of the Term Loans prior to maturity, subject to a prepayment fee of up to of the then outstanding principal balance and the pro rata application of such payment to the final payment fee. After repayment, no Term Loan amounts may be borrowed again. The Loan Agreement contains certain customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. The affirmative covenants include, among others, covenants requiring the Company to maintain its legal existence and governmental approvals, deliver certain financial reports, maintain insurance coverage and satisfy certain requirements regarding its operating accounts. The negative covenants include, among others, limitations on the Company s ability to incur additional indebtedness and liens, merge with other companies or consummate certain changes of control, acquire other companies or businesses, make certain investments, pay dividends, transfer or dispose of assets, amend certain material agreements, including the Takeda License, or enter into various specified transactions. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, subject to any specified cure periods, all amounts owed by the Company would begin to bear interest at a rate that is above the rate effective immediately before the event of default and may be declared immediately due and payable by Hercules, as collateral agent. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has recognized interest expense of million related to the Term Loans using the effective interest method. Included in such expense was million, related to accretion of the final payment fee to other long-term liabilities, million of PIK interest, million of coupon interest, and an immaterial amount of debt discount amortization. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total principal payments, interest payments and final payment fee 

Less: interest, PIK interest and final payment fee 

() 

Long-term debt 

shares of common stock at a public offering price of per share, for net proceeds of approximately million, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering costs of approximately million. In connection with the Company's IPO, the Company increased the number of authorized shares of the Company's common stock and preferred stock to shares and shares, respectively. Common Stock From March 2021 through May 2021, the Company issued and sold an aggregate of shares of restricted common stock outside of the 2021 Plan (defined and described below) at a purchase price of per share to certain employees and consultants. The Company has the right, but not the obligation, to repurchase unvested shares at the original purchase price in the event the purchaser s relationship with the Company is terminated, subject to certain limitations. period, with lapsing on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date and the remaining portion lapsing in equal monthly amounts thereafter. On February 8, 2021, subsequent to the Merger, the Company issued and sold shares of common stock to Frazier at per share. On February 8, 2021, certain of the Company s founders entered into stock restriction agreements granting the Company a repurchase right on shares of fully vested common stock originally purchased in 2019 and 2020. The Company has the right, but not the obligation, to repurchase unvested shares in the event the founder s relationship with the Company is terminated, subject to certain limitations, at per share. The repurchase right lapsed for shares on the effective date of the stock restriction agreements and the repurchase right for the remaining shares lapses in equal monthly amounts over the following -month period ending in February 2025. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan On February 8, 2021, the Company s board of directors and stockholders approved and adopted the HilleVax, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ). The term of the 2021 Plan is from the adoption date. Under the 2021 Plan, the Company may grant stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, and other stock-based awards to employees, directors or consultants of the Company and its subsidiaries. The stock options granted under the plan generally vest over a period from the vesting commencement date. Upon the effectiveness of the 2022 Plan defined and described below, no further grants will be made under the 2021 Plan, and any outstanding awards granted under the 2021 Plan will remain subject to the terms of the 2021 Plan and applicable award agreements. In March 2021, the Company issued and sold an aggregate of shares of restricted common stock under the 2021 Plan at a purchase price of per share to certain consultants. The Company has the right, but not the obligation, to repurchase unvested shares at the original purchase price in the event the purchaser s relationship with the Company is terminated, subject to certain limitations. The repurchase rights lapse on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date. From February through April 2021, the Company issued shares of restricted common stock to certain of its employees, consultants and directors under the 2021 Plan. The shares are subject to forfeiture restrictions under which the shares would become immediately retired in the event the stockholder s service with the Company is terminated. lapsing on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date and the remaining portion lapsing in equal monthly amounts thereafter. 2022 Incentive Award Plan In April 2022, the Company s board of directors and stockholders approved the 2022 Incentive Award Plan (the 2022 Plan, and together with the 2021 Plan, the Plans under which the Company may grant stock options, restricted stock, dividend equivalents, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, and other stock or cash-based awards to its employees, consultants and directors. shares of the Company s common stock, plus (2) shares remaining available for issuance under the 2021 Plan as of the effective date of the 2022 Plan, plus (3) any shares subject to outstanding awards under the 2021 Plan as of the effective date of the 2022 Plan that become available for issuance under the 2022 Plan thereafter in accordance with its terms. The number of shares initially available for issuance will be increased by an annual increase on January 1 of each calendar year beginning in and ending in and including , equal to the lesser of (1) of the shares of common stock outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (2) such smaller number of shares as determined by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022, shares were reserved for issuance under the 2022 Plan, of which shares remained available for future issuance. 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan In April 2022, the Company s board of directors and stockholders approved the 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2022 ESPP ). The 2022 ESPP became effective in connection with the Company s IPO. The 2022 ESPP permits eligible employees who elect to participate in an offering under the ESPP to have up to a specified percentage of their eligible earnings withheld, subject to certain limitations, to purchase shares of common stock pursuant to the 2022 ESPP. The price of common stock purchased under the 2022 ESPP is equal to of the lower of the fair market value of the common stock on the first trading day of the offering period or the relevant purchase date. A total of shares of the Company s common stock was initially reserved for issuance under the 2022 ESPP. In addition, the number of shares available for issuance under the 2022 ESPP will be annually increased on January 1 of each calendar year beginning in and ending in and including , by an amount equal to the lesser of (1) of the shares outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (2) such smaller number of shares as is determined by the Company s board of directors, provided that no more than shares of the Company s common stock may be issued under the 2022 ESPP. Stock-based compensation expense related to the ESPP for the year ended December 31, 2022 was not material. Valuation of Common Stock and Stock-Based Compensation Expense Prior to obtaining the Takeda License on July 2, 2021, the fair value of the Company s common stock was nominal since the Company was not sufficiently capitalized and held no assets that could be used to generate future revenues. Subsequent to obtaining the Takeda License and prior to the Company's IPO, the Company estimated the fair value of its common stock using methodologies, approaches and assumptions consistent with the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Accounting and Valuation Guide: Valuation of Privately Held Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation (the Practice Aid ). The Practice Aid prescribes several valuation approaches for setting the value of an enterprise, such as the cost, income and market approaches, and various methodologies for allocating the value of an enterprise to its common stock. The Company s 2021 valuations utilized a scenario-based analysis that estimated the fair value per share based on the probability-weighted present value of expected future investment returns, considering each of the possible outcomes available to the Company, including various IPO, stay private and dissolution scenarios, and applying a discount for lack of marketability for certain equity holders. The Company considered various stay private scenarios using the income approach and allocated the indicated equity value, adjusted for the expected impact of the convertible notes, to each class of equity on a fully-diluted basis, considering option value for certain option classes. The Company also considered various IPO scenarios based on expected equity values in an IPO and allocated the indicated equity value to each class of equity on a fully-diluted basis considering the dilutive impacts of the convertible notes. Following the completion of the Company's IPO, the fair value of its common stock is based on the closing price as reported on the date of grant on the primary stock exchange on which the Company's common stock is traded. Since all restricted stock awards from inception were issued prior to obtaining the Takeda License on July 2, 2021, the Company has recorded no material stock-based compensation expense and has no material unrecognized stock-based compensation related to these awards. 

Granted 

Cancelled 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Stock-Based Compensation Expense 

Expected volatility 

Expected term (in years) 

Expected dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate . The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield in effect at the time of grant for zero coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities similar to the expected term of the awards. Expected volatility . Given the Company's limited historical stock price volatility data, the expected volatility assumption is based on volatilities of a peer group of similar companies whose share prices are publicly available. The peer group was developed based on companies in the biotechnology industry. The Company will continue to apply this process until a sufficient amount of historical information regarding the volatility of its own stock price becomes available. Expected term . The expected term represents the period of time that options are expected to be outstanding. Because the Company does not have historical exercise behavior, it determines the expected life assumption using the simplified method, for employees, which is an average of the contractual term of the option and its vesting period. Expected dividend yield . The Company bases the expected dividend yield assumption on the fact that it has never paid cash dividends and has no present intention to pay cash dividends and, therefore, used an expected dividend yield of . 

General and administrative 

Total 

The weighted average grant date fair value per share of option grants for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. stock options were exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized stock-based compensation cost was approximately million, which is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average period of approximately years. 

Shares repurchased 

() 

Share vesting 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

For accounting purposes, unvested shares of common stock are considered issued, but not outstanding until they vest. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no material repurchase liability related to the unvested shares in the table above. Common Stock Reserved for Future Issuance 

Shares available for issuance under the Plans 

Shares available for issuance under the ESPP 

() 

State income taxes 

() 

() 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Convertible debt 

Permanent differences and other 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

Other 

() 

Provision for income taxes 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Start up and organization costs 

Capitalized research cost 

Lease liability 

Other, net 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Deferred tax assets, net of allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Right-of-use asset 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

The Company has established a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty surrounding the realization of such assets. The Company periodically evaluates the recoverability of the deferred tax assets. At such time as it is determined that it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets are realizable, the valuation allowance will be reduced. The Company has recorded a full valuation allowance of million as of December 31, 2022 as it cannot conclude that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized primarily due to the generation of pre-tax book losses from its inception. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company has federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively. As a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, net operating losses generated after December 31, 2017 can be carried forward indefinitely, but are limited to utilization against future taxable income each year. The state net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in . occurs within a three-year period. The Company has not completed an ownership change analysis pursuant to IRS Section 382. If ownership changes have occurred or occur in the future, the amount of remaining tax attribute carryforwards available to offset taxable income and income tax expense in future years may be restricted or eliminated. If eliminated, the related asset would be removed from deferred tax assets with a corresponding reduction in the valuation allowance. The Company has not yet conducted a study to document whether its research activities may qualify for the research and development tax credit. Such a study may result in the creation of a research and development credit carryforward; however, until a study is completed, no amount is being presented as a deferred tax asset or as an uncertain tax position. Any research and development credit carryforward identified and claimed if and when such study is complete would be offset by an adjustment to the valuation allowance. The Company recognizes liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50 likely of being realized upon settlement. While the Company believes that it has appropriate support for the positions taken on its tax returns, the Company regularly assesses the potential outcome of examinations by tax authorities in determining the adequacy of its provision for income taxes. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has uncertain tax positions. The Company is subject to taxation in the United States, Switzerland, and various states. The Company is not currently under examination by any taxing authorities. Due to the carryover of tax attributes, the statute of limitations is currently open for tax years since inception. The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters as a component of income tax expense. The Company has not recognized interest or penalties in its consolidated statements of operations since inception. 

 120 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As required by Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act, our management with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 This Annual Report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of the company s registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 
 Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm due to an exemption provided by the JOBS Act for emerging growth companies, and our status as a non-accelerated filer under the Exchange Act. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 None. 
 121 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Except to the extent provided below, the information required by this Item 10 will be included in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all officers, directors and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or person performing similar functions. A current copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on the Corporate Governance section of our website at www.hillevax.com. If we make any substantive amendments to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or grants any waiver from a provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to any executive officer or director that are required to be disclosed pursuant to SEC rules, we will promptly disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on our website or in a current report on Form 8-K. 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this Item 11 will be included in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this Item 12 will be included in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this Item 13 will be included in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required by this Item 14 will be included in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 122 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 (1) Financial Statements 
 The financial statements of HilleVax, Inc., together with the report thereon of Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, are included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not required, or the information required is shown in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 (3) Exhibits 
 The exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation and Item 15(b) of this Annual Report are listed in the Exhibit Index immediately preceding the signature page of this Annual Report. The exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index are incorporated by reference herein. 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 
 123 

Exhibit Index 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Filed Herewith 

Form 
 
 Date 
 
 Number 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of HilleVax, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 5/3/22 
 
 3.1 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of HilleVax, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 5/3/22 
 
 3.2 

4.1 
 
 Specimen stock certificate evidencing the shares of common stock 
 
 S-1 
 
 4/6/22 
 
 4.1 

4.2 
 
 Warrant to purchase shares of common stock issued to Takeda Vaccines, Inc., dated July 2, 2021 
 
 S-1 
 
 4/6/22 
 
 4.2 

4.3 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated August 31, 2021, by and among the Registrant and the other parties party thereto 
 
 S-1 
 
 4/6/22 
 
 4.3 

4.4 
 
 Description of Registered Securities 

X 

10.1# 
 
 HilleVax, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, including form of stock option agreement and form of restricted stock grant notice and restricted stock agreement thereunder 
 
 S-1 
 
 4/6/22 
 
 10.1 

10.2# 
 
 HilleVax, Inc. 2022 Incentive Award Plan and form of stock option agreement and form of restricted stock unit agreement thereunder 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 4/25/22 
 
 10.2 

10.3# 
 
 HilleVax, Inc. 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 4/25/22 
 
 10.3 

10.4# 
 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Program 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 4/25/22 
 
 10.4 

10.5# 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Directors and Officers 
 
 S-1 
 
 4/6/22 
 
 10.9 

10.6# 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Letter Agreement, dated January 6, 2023, by and between Robert Hershberg and the Registrant 

X 

10.7# 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Employment Letter Agreement, dated as of January 6, 2023, by and between Aditya Kohli and the Registrant 

X 

10.8# 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Employment Letter Agreement, dated as of January 6, 2023, by and between David Socks and the Registrant 

X 

10.9# 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Letter Agreement, dated as of January 6, 2023, by and between Shane Maltbie and the Registrant 

X 

10.10# 
 
 Employment Letter Agreement, dated as of January 6, 2023, by and between Astrid Borkowski and the Registrant 

X 

10.11 
 
 License Agreement, dated July 2, 2021, by and between Takeda Vaccines, Inc. and the Registrant 
 
 S-1 
 
 4/6/22 
 
 10.10 

10.12 
 
 Transitional Services Agreement, dated December 17, 2021, by and between Takeda Vaccines, Inc. and the Registrant 
 
 S-1 
 
 4/6/22 
 
 10.11 

10.13 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated April 18, 2022, by and among the Registrant and Hercules Capital, Inc. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 4/18/22 
 
 10.12 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

X 

124 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

X 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

X 

This certification is deemed not filed for purpose of section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 #	Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted in compliance with Regulation S-K Item(b)(10)(iv). 	Certain exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby undertakes to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted exhibit or schedule upon request by the SEC. 
 
 125 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

HilleVax, Inc. 

Date: March 17, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Robert Hershberg, M.D., Ph.D. 

Robert Hershberg, M.D., Ph.D. 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Robert Hershberg, M.D., Ph.D. 
 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 17, 2023 

Robert Hershberg, M.D., Ph.D. 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Shane Maltbie 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 17, 2023 

Shane Maltbie 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Shelley Chu, M.D., Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 17, 2023 

Shelley Chu, M.D., Ph.D. 

/s/ Gary Dubin, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 17, 2023 

Gary Dubin, M.D. 

/s/ Julie Gerberding, M.D., M.P.H. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 17, 2023 

Julie Gerberding, M.D., M.P.H. 

/s/ Patrick Heron 
 
 Director 
 
 March 17, 2023 

Patrick Heron 

/s/ Jeryl Hilleman 
 
 Director 
 
 March 17, 2023 

Jeryl Hilleman 

/s/ Aditya Kohli, Ph.D. 
 
 Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
 March 17, 2023 

Aditya Kohli, Ph.D. 

/s/ Jaime Sepulveda, M.D., D.Sc., M.P.H. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 17, 2023 

Jaime Sepulveda, M.D., D.Sc., M.P.H. 

/s/ Susan Silbermann 
 
 Director 
 
 March 17, 2023 

Susan Silbermann 

126 

<EX-4>
 2
 hlvx-ex4_4.htm
 EX-4.4

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.4 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, HilleVax, Inc. we, us and our had one class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): our common stock. 
 
 Description of Common Stock 
 General 
 
 The following description summarizes some of the terms of our common stock. Because it is only a summary, it does not contain all the information that may be important to you and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, copies of which are filed as exhibits to our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated by reference herein. We encourage you to read our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws for additional information. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our authorized capital stock consisted of 500,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.0001 par value per share. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors, and do not have cumulative voting rights. Accordingly, the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors can elect all of the directors standing for election, if they so choose, other than any directors that holders of any preferred stock we may issue may be entitled to elect. Subject to supermajority votes for some matters, other matters shall be decided by the affirmative vote of our stockholders having a majority in voting power of the votes cast by the stockholders present or represented and voting on such matter. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws also provide that our directors may be removed only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds in voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote thereon. In addition, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds in voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote thereon is required to amend or repeal, or to adopt any provision inconsistent with, several of the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 
 
 Dividend Rights 
 
 Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any then outstanding preferred stock, holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably those dividends, if any, as may be declared by the board of directors out of legally available funds. 
 
 Liquidation Rights 
 
 In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the assets legally available for distribution to stockholders after the payment of or provision for all of our debts and other liabilities, subject to the prior rights of any preferred stock then outstanding. 
 
 Rights and Preferences 

Holders of common stock have no preemptive or conversion rights or other subscription rights and there are no redemption or sinking funds provisions applicable to the common stock. 
 
 Fully Paid and Nonassessable 
 
 The outstanding shares of common stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 
 
 The Nasdaq Global Select Market Listing 
 
 Our common stock is listed and traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol HLVX. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Delaware Law and Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 Some provisions of Delaware law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could make the following transactions more difficult: an acquisition of us by means of a tender offer; an acquisition of us by means of a proxy contest or otherwise; or the removal of our incumbent officers and directors. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish or could deter transactions that stockholders may otherwise consider to be in their best interest or in our best interests, including transactions which provide for payment of a premium over the market price for our shares. 
 
 These provisions, summarized below, are intended to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of the increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging these proposals because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 
 
 Undesignated Preferred Stock 
 
 The ability of our board of directors, without action by the stockholders, to issue up to 50,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences as designated by our board of directors could impede the success of any attempt to change control of us. These and other provisions may have the effect of deferring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control or management of our company. 
 
 Stockholder Meetings 
 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by our chairman of the board of directors, chief executive officer or president, or by a resolution adopted by a majority of our board of directors. 
 
 Requirements for Advance Notification of Stockholder Nominations and Proposals 
 
 Our amended and restated bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals to be brought before a stockholder meeting and the nomination of candidates for election as 

directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of the board of directors or a committee of the board of directors. 
 
 Elimination of Stockholder Action by Written Consent 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws eliminate the right of stockholders to act by written consent without a meeting. 
 
 Staggered Board of Directors 
 
 Our board of directors is divided into three classes. The directors in each class will serve for a three-year term, with one class being elected each year by our stockholders. This system of electing directors may tend to discourage a third party from attempting to obtain control of us, because it generally makes it more difficult for stockholders to replace a majority of the directors. 
 
 Removal of Directors 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that no member of our board of directors may be removed from office except for cause and, in addition to any other vote required by law, upon the approval of not less than two thirds of the total voting power of all of our outstanding voting stock then entitled to vote in the election of directors. 
 
 Stockholders Not Entitled to Cumulative Voting 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not permit stockholders to cumulate their votes in the election of directors. Accordingly, the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors can elect all of the directors standing for election, if they choose, other than any directors that holders of our preferred stock may be entitled to elect. 
 
 Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute 
 
 We are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits persons deemed to be interested stockholders from engaging in a business combination with a publicly held Delaware corporation for three years following the date these persons become interested stockholders unless the business combination is, or the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder was, approved in a prescribed manner or another prescribed exception applies. Generally, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status did own, 15 or more of a corporation s voting stock. Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale, or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. The existence of this provision may have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by the board of directors. 
 
 Choice of Forum 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative form, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty or other wrongdoing by any of our directors, officers, employees or agents to us or our stockholders, creditors or other constituents; (iii) any action asserting a claim against us arising 

pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws; (iv) any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws; or (v) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. The provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will also provide that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause or causes of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including all causes of action asserted against any defendant to such complaint. For the avoidance of doubt, this provision is intended to benefit and may be enforced by us, our officers and directors, the underwriters to any offering giving rise to such complaint, and any other professional entity whose profession gives authority to a statement made by that person or entity and who has prepared or certified any part of the documents underlying the offering. In any case, stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also provides that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to this choice of forum provision. 
 
 Amendment of Charter Provisions 
 
 The amendment of any of the above provisions, except for the provision making it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock, would require approval by holders of at least two thirds of the total voting power of all of our outstanding voting stock. 
 
 The provisions of Delaware law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws could have the effect of discouraging others from attempting hostile takeovers and, as a consequence, they may also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the market price of our common stock that often result from actual or rumored hostile takeover attempts. These provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in the composition of our board of directors and management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 

</EX-4>

<EX-10>
 3
 hlvx-ex10_6.htm
 EX-10.6

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.6 
 HilleVax, Inc. 
 
 January 6, 2023 
 
 Robert Hershberg 
 
 Re:	Amended and Restated Employment Offer Letter 
 Dear Mr. Hershberg: 
 	HilleVax, Inc. (the Company is pleased to continue to offer you a position on the terms set forth in this amended and restated offer letter (this Agreement ). This Agreement is entered into effective January 6, 2023 and amends and restates in its entirety the offer letter between the Company and you that was dated February 8, 2021 (the Prior Agreement ). 
 Duties . You shall serve and shall perform such duties as are customarily associated with the position of President and Chief Executive Officer and such other duties as are assigned to you by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ). You shall perform your services from your home office in Seattle, Washington. This is an exempt position. You shall devote at least seventy percent (70 of your working time and attention to the business affairs of the Company. 

Compensation. Your initial compensation will be as follows: 

o Base Salary. Effective January 1, 2023, you will receive an annual base salary of 635,000 for all hours worked, less taxes, authorized withholdings and other legally required deductions. You will be paid in accordance with the Company s customary payroll procedures as established and modified from time-to-time. 

o Annual Bonus . In addition to your base salary, you may be eligible to earn, for each fiscal year of the Company ending during the term of your employment with the Company, an annual cash performance bonus under the Company s bonus plan, as approved from time to time by the Board. Your target annual bonus will be sixty percent (60 of your base salary actually paid for the year to which such annual bonus relates (the Target Bonus ). Your actual annual bonus will be determined on the basis of your and/or the Company s attainment of financial or other performance criteria established by the Board or its designee in accordance with the terms and conditions of such bonus plan. You must be employed by the Company on the date of payment of such annual bonus in order to be eligible to receive such annual bonus. You hereby acknowledge and agree that nothing contained herein confers upon you any right to an annual bonus in any year, and that whether the Company pays you an annual bonus and the amount of any such annual bonus will be determined by the Company in its sole discretion. 

o Benefits . You shall be eligible to participate in all of the employee benefit plans or programs the Company generally makes available to similarly situated employees, pursuant to the terms and conditions of such plans. You will also be entitled to vacation and/or paid time off each year in accordance with Company policy and all holidays observed by the Company each year. The Company reserves the right to change compensation and benefits provided to its employees from time to time in its discretion. 

1 

|US-DOCS\138581468.1|| 

o Withholding . All amounts payable to you will be subject to appropriate payroll deductions and withholdings. 

Expenses. You will be entitled to reimbursement for all ordinary and reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses which are reasonably incurred by you in furtherance of the Company s business, with appropriate documentation and in accordance with the Company s standard policies. 

S EVERANCE . 

o A CCRUED O BLIGATIONS . If your employment terminates for any reason, you are entitled to your fully earned but unpaid base salary, through the date such termination is effective at the rate then in effect, and all other amounts or benefits to which you are entitled under any compensation, retirement or benefit plan of the Company at the time of your termination of employment in accordance with the terms of such plans, including, without limitation, any accrued but unpaid paid time off and any continuation of benefits required by applicable law (the Accrued Obligation s ). 

o N ON -CIC S EVERANCE B ENEFITS . In addition to your Accrued Obligations, subject to your continued compliance with the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement, as described below, and the effectiveness of your Release, as defined below, if your employment is involuntarily terminated by the Company without Cause (and other than by reason of your death or disability) or you resign for Good Reason (either such termination, a Qualifying Termination ), and such Qualifying Termination does not occur during the Change in Control Period (as defined below), you shall be entitled to receive, as the sole severance benefits to which you are entitled, the benefits provided below (the Non-CIC Severance Benefits ): 

An amount equal to 12 months base salary (at the rate in effect immediately prior to the date of your termination of employment, or in the case of a material diminution in your base salary which would give rise to Good Reason for your resignation, the base salary in effect prior to such material diminution), which amount will be paid over a period of 12 months following your termination of employment in accordance with the Company's standard payroll practices, with the first such installment occurring on the first regularly-scheduled payroll date following the date your Release becomes effective (which first installment will include any installments that would have occurred prior to such date but for the fact your Release was not yet effective); 

An amount equal to your Target Bonus for the calendar year in which your termination date occurs, prorated for the portion of the calendar year in which your termination date occurs that has elapsed prior to such termination, plus any unpaid annual bonus for the calendar year prior to the year in which your Qualifying Termination occurs, to the extent you are entitled to such bonus and if such bonus has not already been paid, which amount(s) will be paid in a lump sum on the first regularly- scheduled payroll date following the date your Release becomes 

2 

|US-DOCS\138581468.1|| 

effective, but in no event more than 75 days following your termination date; 

For the 12 month period beginning on the date of your termination of employment (or, if earlier, (a) the date on which the applicable continuation period under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended COBRA expires, or (b) the date on which you become eligible to receive the equivalent or increased healthcare coverage by means of subsequent employment or self- employment) (such period, the COBRA Coverage Period ), if you and/or your eligible dependents who were covered under the Company s health insurance plans as of the date of your termination of employment elect to have COBRA coverage and are eligible for such coverage, the Company shall pay for or reimburse you on a monthly basis for an amount equal to (i) the monthly premium you and/or your covered dependents, as applicable, are required to pay for continuation coverage pursuant to COBRA for you and/or your eligible dependents, as applicable, who were covered under the Company s health plans as of the date of your termination of employment (calculated by reference to the premium as of the date of your termination of employment) less (ii) the amount you would have had to pay to receive group health coverage for you and/or your covered dependents, as applicable, based on the cost sharing levels in effect on the date of your termination of employment. If any of the Company s health benefits are self-funded as of the date of your termination of employment, or if the Company cannot provide the foregoing benefits in a manner that is exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), or that is otherwise compliant with applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), instead of providing the payments or reimbursements as set forth above, the Company shall instead pay to you the foregoing monthly amount as a taxable monthly payment for the COBRA Coverage Period (or any remaining portion thereof). You shall be solely responsible for all matters relating to continuation of coverage pursuant to COBRA, including, without limitation, the election of such coverage and the timely payment of premiums. You shall notify the Company immediately if you become eligible to receive the equivalent or increased healthcare coverage by means of subsequent employment or self-employment; and 

Notwithstanding anything else set forth herein, in the Company s equity plan or in any award agreement, such number of the unvested Stock Awards (as defined below) then held by you will vest on the effective date of your Release as would have vested during the 12-month period following your Qualifying Termination had you remained employed by the Company during such period. The foregoing provisions are hereby deemed to be a part of each Stock Award and to supersede any less favorable provision in any agreement or plan regarding such Stock Award, and shall be in addition to the accelerated vesting of the Founders Shares under the Stock Restriction Agreement. 

3 

|US-DOCS\138581468.1|| 

o CIC S EVERANCE B ENEFITS . In addition to your Accrued Obligations, subject to your continued compliance with the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement, as described below, and the effectiveness of your Release, if your Qualifying Termination occurs during the Change in Control Period, you shall be entitled to receive, as the sole severance benefits to which you are entitled and in lieu of any Non-CIC Severance Benefits, the benefits provided below (the CIC Severance Benefits (and for the avoidance of doubt: (a) in no event will you be entitled to both the Non-CIC Severance Benefits and the CIC Severance Benefits, and (b) if the Company has commenced providing the Non-CIC Severance Benefits to you prior to the date that you become eligible to receive the CIC Severance Benefits, the Non-CIC Severance Benefits previously provided to you shall reduce the CIC Severance Benefits provided below by the amount of such Non-CIC Severance Benefits already provided to you): 

An amount equal to 18 months base salary (at the rate in effect immediately prior to the date of your termination of employment, or in the case of a material diminution in your base salary which would give rise to Good Reason for your resignation, the base salary in effect prior to such material diminution), which amount will be paid over a period of 18 months following your termination of employment in accordance with the Company's standard payroll practices, with the first such installment occurring on the first regularly-scheduled payroll date following the date your Release becomes effective (which first installment will include any installments that would have occurred prior to such date but for the fact your Release was not yet effective); 

An amount equal to your Target Bonus for the calendar year in which your termination date occurs, plus any unpaid annual bonus for the calendar year prior to the year in which your Qualifying Termination occurs, to the extent you are entitled to such bonus and if such bonus has not already been paid, which amount(s) will be paid in a lump sum on the first regularly- scheduled payroll date following the date your Release becomes effective, but in no event more than 75 days following your termination date; 

For the 18 month period beginning on the date of your termination of employment (or, if earlier, (a) the date on which the applicable continuation period under COBRA expires, or (b) the date on which you become eligible to receive the equivalent or increased healthcare coverage by means of subsequent employment or self-employment) (such period, the CIC COBRA Coverage Period ), if you and/or your eligible dependents who were covered under the Company s health insurance plans as of the date of your termination of employment elect to have COBRA coverage and are eligible for such coverage, the Company shall pay for or reimburse you on a monthly basis for an amount equal to (i) the monthly premium you and/or your covered dependents, as 

4 

|US-DOCS\138581468.1|| 

applicable, are required to pay for continuation coverage pursuant to COBRA for you and/or your eligible dependents, as applicable, who were covered under the Company s health plans as of the date of your termination of employment (calculated by reference to the premium as of the date of your termination of employment) less (ii) the amount you would have had to pay to receive group health coverage for you and/or your covered dependents, as applicable, based on the cost sharing levels in effect on the date of your termination of employment. If any of the Company s health benefits are self-funded as of the date of your termination of employment, or if the Company cannot provide the foregoing benefits in a manner that is exempt from Section 409A of Code, or that is otherwise compliant with applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), instead of providing the payments or reimbursements as set forth above, the Company shall instead pay to you the foregoing monthly amount as a taxable monthly payment for the CIC COBRA Coverage Period (or any remaining portion thereof). You shall be solely responsible for all matters relating to continuation of coverage pursuant to COBRA, including, without limitation, the election of such coverage and the timely payment of premiums. You shall notify the Company immediately if you become eligible to receive the equivalent or increased healthcare coverage by means of subsequent employment or self- employment; and 

Notwithstanding anything else set forth herein, in the Company s equity plan or in any award agreement, any unvested Stock Awards then held by you will vest on the effective date of your Release. The foregoing provisions are hereby deemed to be a part of each Stock Award and to supersede any less favorable provision in any agreement or plan regarding such Stock Award, and shall be in addition to the accelerated vesting of the Founders Shares under the Stock Restriction Agreement. 

o As a condition to your receipt of any post-termination payments and benefits pursuant to the preceding paragraphs, you shall execute and not revoke a separation agreement containing a release of all claims in favor of the Company, a post-termination non-competition covenant generally consistent with Section 6.1(a) of the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement, and other customary terms (the Release ), in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company in order to effectuate a valid general release of claims. In the event the Release does not become effective within the 60-day period following the date of your termination of employment, you will not be entitled to the aforesaid payments and benefits. 

o For purposes of this Agreement, Cause means any of the following: (a) your commission of an act of fraud, embezzlement or dishonesty, or the commission of some other illegal act by you, that has a demonstrable adverse impact on the Company or any successor or affiliate thereof; (b) your conviction of, or plea of guilty or no contest to, a non-vehicular felony or any crime involving fraud, dishonesty or moral turpitude under the laws of the United States or any state 

5 

|US-DOCS\138581468.1|| 

thereof; (c) any intentional, unauthorized use or disclosure by you of confidential information or trade secrets of the Company or any successor or affiliate thereof; (d) your gross negligence, insubordination or material violation of any duty of loyalty to the Company or any successor or affiliate thereof, or any other demonstrable material misconduct on your part; (e) your ongoing and repeated failure or refusal to perform or neglect of your duties as required by this Agreement or your ongoing and repeated failure or refusal to comply with the reasonable and lawful instructions given to you by the Board, which failure, refusal or neglect continues for 15 days following your receipt of written notice from the Board stating with specificity the nature of such failure, refusal or neglect; provided that it is understood that this clause (e) shall not permit the Company to terminate your employment for Cause solely because of (i) your failure to meet specified performance objectives or achieve a specific result or outcome, or (ii) Company s dissatisfaction with the quality of services provided by you in the good faith performance of your duties to the Company; or (f) your willful, material breach of any material Company policy or any material provision of this Agreement or the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement. Prior to the determination that Cause under clauses (d), (e) or (f) has occurred, the Company shall (i) provide to you in writing, in reasonable detail, the reasons for the determination that such Cause exists, (ii) other than with respect to clause (e) above which specifies the applicable period of time for you to remedy your breach, afford you a reasonable opportunity to remedy any such breach, (iii) provide you an opportunity to be heard prior to the final decision to terminate your employment hereunder for such Cause and (iv) make any decision that such Cause exists in good faith. The foregoing definition shall not in any way preclude or restrict the right of the Company or any successor or affiliate thereof to discharge or dismiss you for any other acts or omissions, but such other acts or omissions shall not be deemed, for purposes of this Agreement, to constitute grounds for termination for Cause. 

o For purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control shall mean (a) a merger or consolidation of the Company with or into any other corporation or other entity or person, (b) a sale, lease, exchange or other transfer in one transaction or a series of related transactions of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, or (c) any other transaction, including the sale by the Company of new shares of its capital stock or a transfer of existing shares of capital stock of the Company, the result of which is that a third party that is not an affiliate of the Company or its stockholders (or a group of third parties not affiliated with the Company or its stockholders) immediately prior to such transaction acquires or holds capital stock of the Company representing a majority of the Company s outstanding voting power immediately following such transaction; provided that the following events shall not constitute a Change in Control : (i) a transaction (other than a sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets) in which the holders of the voting securities of the Company immediately prior to the merger or consolidation hold, directly or indirectly, at least a majority of the voting securities in the successor corporation or its parent immediately after the merger or consolidation; (ii) a sale, lease, exchange or other transaction in one transaction or a series of related transactions of all or substantially all of the Company s assets to an affiliate of the Company; (iii) an initial public offering of any of the Company s securities or any 

6 

|US-DOCS\138581468.1|| 

other transaction or series of related transactions principally for bona fide equity financing purposes; (iv) a reincorporation of the Company solely to change its jurisdiction; or (v) a transaction undertaken for the primary purpose of creating a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportion by the persons who held the Company s securities immediately before such transaction. If a Change in Control would give rise to a payment or settlement event with respect to any payment or benefit that constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation, the transaction or event constituting the Change in Control must also constitute a change in control event (as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)) in order to give rise to the payment or settlement event for such payment or benefit, to the extent required by Section 409A. 

o For purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control Period means the 24 months following a Change in Control. 

o For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason means any of the following without your written consent: (a) a material diminution in your authority, duties or responsibilities, including a requirement that you report to a corporate officer in lieu of the Board; (b) a material diminution in your base compensation (and you and the Company agree that any diminution of 10 or more shall be considered material for this purpose, regardless of whether such diminution occurs due to a single reduction or a series of reductions in your base compensation), unless such a reduction is imposed across-the-board to senior management of the Company; (c) a material change in the geographic location at which you must perform your duties (and you and the Company agree that a relocation of the geographic location at which you must perform your duties to a location that increases your one-way commute from your residence by more than 50 miles as compared to your principal place of employment prior to such relocation shall be considered material for this purpose); or (d) any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by the Company or any successor or affiliate of its obligations to you under this Agreement or the Stock Restriction Agreement. You must provide written notice to the Company of the occurrence of any of the foregoing events or conditions without your written consent within 6 months of the occurrence of such event. The Company or any successor or affiliate shall have a period of 30 days to cure such event or condition after receipt of written notice of such event from you. Your termination of employment by reason of resignation from employment with the Company for Good Reason must occur within 30 days following the expiration of the foregoing 30-day cure period. 

o For purposes of this Agreement, Stock Awards means all stock options, restricted stock and such other awards granted pursuant to the Company s stock option and equity incentive award plans or agreements and any shares of stock issued upon exercise thereof (other than any shares (the Founders Shares the vesting of which is governed by that certain Stock Restriction Agreement dated February 8, 2021, between you and the Company (the Stock Restriction Agreement )). For the avoidance of doubt, your Qualifying Termination under this Agreement shall constitute a Qualifying Termination for purposes of the Stock Restriction Agreement. 

7 

|US-DOCS\138581468.1|| 

o To the extent applicable, this Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A of the Code and Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder. The intent of the parties is that payments and benefits under this Agreement comply with, or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted to be in compliance with such intention. To the extent that any provision in this Agreement is ambiguous as to its compliance with or exemption from Section 409A of the Code, the provision shall be read in such a manner that no payments payable under this Agreement shall be subject to an additional tax as defined in Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code. For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, any right to a series of installment payments under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. For purposes of this Agreement, all references to your termination of employment shall mean your separation from service (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)) Separation from Service ). If you are a specified employee (as defined in Section 409A of the Code), as determined by the Company in accordance with Section 409A of the Code, on the date of your Separation from Service, to the extent that the payments or benefits under this Agreement are non-qualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code and the delayed payment or distribution of all or any portion of such amounts to which you are entitled under this Agreement is required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, then such portion deferred pursuant to this paragraph shall be paid or distributed to you in a lump sum on the earlier of (a) the date that is 6 months and one day following your Separation from Service, (b) the date of your death or (c) the earliest date as is permitted under Section 409A of the Code. Any remaining payments due under this Agreement shall be paid as otherwise provided herein. 

o To the extent that the payments or benefits under this Agreement are non- qualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, if the period during which you may deliver the Release required hereunder spans two calendar years, the payment of your post-termination benefits shall occur (or commence) on the later of (a) January 1 of the second calendar year, or (b) the first regularly-scheduled payroll date following the date your Release becomes effective. 

o Any reimbursement of expenses or in-kind benefits payable under this Agreement shall be made in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(1)(iv) and shall be paid on or before the last day of your taxable year following the taxable year in which you incurred the expenses. The amount of expenses reimbursed or in-kind benefits payable in one year shall not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits payable in any other taxable year of yours, and your right to reimbursement for such amounts shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for any other benefit. 

Company Policies And Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement. As an employee of the Company, you shall be expected to abide by all of the Company s policies and procedures and the Company s employee handbook, if any. You and the Company have entered into a Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit 

8 

|US-DOCS\138581468.1|| 

A , which shall survive termination of your employment with the Company and the termination of the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement. You reaffirm your obligations under the Proprietary Information and Investigations Assignment Agreement and acknowledge that a remedy at law for any breach or threatened breach by you of the provisions of the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement would be inadequate, and you therefore agree that the Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief in case of any such breach or threatened breach. Any references in your Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement to the Prior Agreement shall be deemed to be amended to refer to this Agreement. The Company may modify, revoke, suspend or terminate any of the terms, plans, policies and/or procedures described in the employee handbook, if any, or as otherwise communicated to you, in whole or part, at any time, with or without notice. 

Best Pay Provision. 

o In the event that any payment or benefit received or to be received by you pursuant to the terms of any plan, arrangement or agreement (including any payment or benefit received in connection with a change in ownership or control or the termination of your employment) (all such payments and benefits being hereinafter referred to as the Total Payments would be subject (in whole or part) to the excise tax (the Excise Tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code, then the Total Payments shall be reduced to the extent necessary so that no portion of the Total Payments is subject to the Excise Tax but only if (i) the net amount of such Total Payments, as so reduced (after subtracting the amount of federal, state and local income taxes on such reduced Total Payments and after taking into account the phase out of itemized deductions and personal exemptions attributable to such reduced Total Payments) is greater than or equal to (ii) the net amount of such Total Payments without such reduction (after subtracting the net amount of federal, state and local income taxes on such Total Payments and the amount of Excise Tax to which you would be subject in respect of such unreduced Total Payments and after taking into account the phase out of itemized deductions and personal exemptions attributable to such unreduced Total Payments). Except to the extent that an alternative reduction order would result in a greater economic benefit to you on an after-tax basis, the parties intend that the Total Payments shall be reduced in the following order: (w) reduction of any cash severance payments otherwise payable to you that are exempt from Section 409A of the Code, (x) reduction of any other cash payments or benefits otherwise payable to you that are exempt from Section 409A of the Code, but excluding any payment attributable to the acceleration of vesting or payment with respect to any equity award that is exempt from Section 409A of the Code, (y) reduction of any other payments or benefits otherwise payable to you on a pro-rata basis or such other manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code, but excluding any payment attributable to the acceleration of vesting and payment with respect to any equity award that is exempt from Section 409A of the Code, and (z) reduction of any payments attributable to the acceleration of vesting or payment with respect to any equity award that is exempt from Section 409A of the Code; provided, in case of clauses (x), (y) and (z), that reduction of any payments or benefits attributable to the acceleration of vesting of Company equity awards shall be first applied to equity awards with later vesting dates; provided, further, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such reduction shall be undertaken in a manner that complies with and does not result in the imposition of additional taxes on you under Section 409A of the Code. The foregoing reductions shall be made in a manner that results in the maximum economic benefit to you 

9 

|US-DOCS\138581468.1|| 

on an after-tax basis and, to the extent economically equivalent payments or benefits are subject to reduction, in a pro rata manner. 

o All determinations regarding the application of the paragraph above shall be made by an independent accounting firm or consulting group with nationally recognized standing and substantial expertise and experience in performing calculations regarding the applicability of Section 280G of the Code and the Excise Tax retained by the Company prior to the date of the applicable change in ownership or control (the 280G Firm ). For purposes of determining whether and the extent to which the Total Payments will be subject to the Excise Tax, (i) no portion of the Total Payments shall be taken into account which (x) does not constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code (including by reason of Section 280G(b)(4)(A) of the Code) and, in calculating the Excise Tax, or (y) constitutes reasonable compensation for services actually rendered, within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(4)(B) of the Code, in excess of the base amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) allocable to such reasonable compensation, (ii) no portion of the Total Payments the receipt or enjoyment of which you shall have waived at such time and in such manner as not to constitute a payment within the meaning of Section 280G(b) of the Code shall be taken into account, and (iii) the value of any non-cash benefit or any deferred payment or benefit included in the Total Payments shall be determined by the 280G Firm in accordance with the principles of Sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the Code. All determinations related to the calculations to be performed pursuant to this Best Pay Provision section shall be done by the 280G Firm. The 280G Firm will be directed to submit its determination and detailed supporting calculations to both you and the Company within fifteen (15) days after notification from either the Company or you that you may receive payments which may be parachute payments. You and the Company will each provide the 280G Firm access to and copies of any books, records, and documents as may be reasonably requested by the 280G Firm, and otherwise cooperate with the 280G Firm in connection with the preparation and issuance of the determinations and calculations contemplated by this Agreement. The fees and expenses of the 280G Firm for its services in connection with the determinations and calculations contemplated by this Agreement will be borne solely by the Company. 

Employment Terms . As a condition to your employment with the Company, you are required to (a) sign and return a satisfactory I-9 Immigration form providing sufficient documentation establishing your employment eligibility in the United States, and (b) provide satisfactory proof of your identity as required by United States law. 

Other Agreements. You represent and agree that your performance of your duties for the Company shall not violate any agreements, obligations or understandings that you may have with any third party or prior employer. Without limiting the foregoing, you represent and agree that you are not bound by any non-compete or non-solicitation agreement or any other type of agreement that would prohibit your employment with the Company. You agree not to make any unauthorized disclosure or use, on behalf of the Company, of any confidential information belonging to any of your former employers. You also represent that you are not in unauthorized possession of any materials containing a third party s confidential and proprietary information. While employed by the Company, you will not engage in any business activity in competition with the Company nor make preparations to do so. In the event that you wish to undertake a business activity outside the scope of your employment by the Company, which activity you believe entails no conflict with the Company s activities, you agree to inform the Company of your intentions 

10 

|US-DOCS\138581468.1|| 

before the initiation of such outside business activity, and you furthermore agree to abide by the Company s decision as to whether or not there is no conflict. If, in the Company s sole determination, a conflict exists or is likely to develop, you agree not to undertake such outside business activity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees to your continued services to Frazier Healthcare Partners and its other portfolio companies, and NSTG, Cajal Neuroscience, Adaptive Biotechnologies, Fate Therapeutics, Silverback Therapeutics, GuideTX, Nanostring Technologies, Recursion Pharmaceuticals, Danaher Corporation, Dragonfly Therapeutics, and Variant Bio, and further acknowledges and agrees that such continued services will not violate the terms of this Agreement. 

At-will Employment. Your employment with the Company will be at-will at all times, including after your introductory, probationary period, meaning that either you or the Company will be entitled to terminate your employment at any time and for any reason, with or without cause. Any contrary representations that may have been made to you are superseded by this offer. This Agreement in no way represents a fixed-term employment contract. This is the full and complete agreement between you and the Company on this term. Although your job duties, title, compensation and benefits, as well as the Company s personnel policies and procedures, may change from time to time, the at will nature of your employment may only be changed in an express written agreement signed by you and a duly authorized officer of the Company. 

Non-Interference. While employed by the Company, and for one (1) year immediately following the date on which you terminate employment or otherwise cease providing services to the Company, you agree not to interfere with the business of the Company by (a) soliciting or attempting to solicit any employee or consultant of the Company to terminate such employee s or consultant s employment or service in order to become an employee, consultant or independent contractor to or for any other person or entity or (b) soliciting or attempting to solicit any vendor, supplier, customer or other person or entity either directly or indirectly, to direct his, her or its purchase of the Company s products and/or services to any person, firm, corporation, institution or other entity in competition with the business of the Company. The foregoing restrictions shall not apply with respect to the bona fide hiring and firing of Company personnel to the extent such acts are part of your duties for Company. Your duties under this paragraph shall survive termination of your employment with the Company and the termination of this Agreement. 

Reasonableness of Terms. You agree that the terms contained in the Other Agreements and Non-Interference paragraphs above are reasonable in all respects and that the restrictions contained therein are designed to protect the Company against unfair competition. In the event a court determines that any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement are unreasonable, the court may limit the application of any provision or term, or modify any provision or term, and proceed to enforce this Agreement as so limited or modified. 

Governing Law; Jurisdiction and Venue. This Agreement, for all purposes, shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington without regard to conflicts-of-law principles. Any action or proceeding by either party to enforce this Agreement shall be brought only in any state or federal court located in King County, Washington. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and waive the defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any such action or proceeding in such venue. 

Severability . Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is 

11 

|US-DOCS\138581468.1|| 

held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or any other jurisdiction, but this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions had never been contained herein. 

Successors and Assigns . This Agreement is intended to bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by you and the Company, and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors and administrators, except that you may not assign any of your duties hereunder and you may not assign any of your rights hereunder, without the written consent of the Company, which shall not be withheld unreasonably. 

Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement constitute the complete, final and exclusive embodiment of the entire agreement between you and the Company with respect to the terms and conditions of your employment specified herein and therein. All prior discussions and negotiations have been and are merged and integrated into, and are superseded by, this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the Prior Agreement. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by a written instrument signed by you and a duly authorized officer of the Company. 

12 

|US-DOCS\138581468.1|| 

If you choose to accept this Agreement under the terms described above, please acknowledge your acceptance by returning a signed copy of this letter. 
 
 Sincerely, 
 
 HilleVax, Inc. 

Name: Shane Maltbie 
 Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer	 
 
 Agreed and Accepted: 
 
 	I have read and understood this Agreement and hereby acknowledge, accept and agree to the terms as set forth above. 

Date: 				 
 Robert Hershberg 
 
 Attachments:		Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement 

13 

|US-DOCS\138581468.1|| 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement 
 
 14 

|US-DOCS\138581468.1|| 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 4
 hlvx-ex10_7.htm
 EX-10.7

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.7 
 HilleVax, Inc. 
 
 January 6, 2023 
 
 Aditya Kohli, Ph.D. 
 
 Re:	Second Amended and Restated Employment Offer Letter 
 Dear Dr. Kohli: 
 	HilleVax, Inc. (the Company is pleased to continue to offer you a position on the terms set forth in this second amended and restated offer letter (this Agreement ). This Agreement is entered into effective January 6, 2023 and amends and restates in its entirety the amended and restated offer letter between the Company and you that was dated March 1, 2021 (the Prior Agreement ). 
 Duties . You shall serve and shall perform such duties as are customarily associated with the position of Chief Operating Officer, including oversight and management of the Company s manufacturing, quality, regulatory and asset development functions, and such other duties as are assigned to you by your supervisor, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the Supervising Officer ). You shall perform your services from your home office in Los Altos Hills, California. This is an exempt position. You shall devote at least seventy percent (70 of your working time and attention to the business affairs of the Company. 

Compensation. Your initial compensation will be as follows: 

o Base Salary. Effective January 1, 2023, you will receive an annual base salary of 500,000 for all hours worked, less taxes, authorized withholdings and other legally required deductions. You will be paid in accordance with the Company s customary payroll procedures as established and modified from time-to-time. 

o Annual Bonus . In addition to your base salary, you may be eligible to earn, for each fiscal year of the Company ending during the term of your employment with the Company, an annual cash performance bonus under the Company s bonus plan, as approved from time to time by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ). Your target annual bonus will be fifty percent (50 of your base salary actually paid for the year to which such annual bonus relates (the Target Bonus ). Your actual annual bonus will be determined on the basis of your and/or the Company s attainment of financial or other performance criteria established by the Board or its designee in accordance with the terms and conditions of such bonus plan. You must be employed by the Company on the date of payment of such annual bonus in order to be eligible to receive such annual bonus. You hereby acknowledge and agree that nothing contained herein confers upon you any right to an annual bonus in any year, and that whether the Company pays you an annual bonus and the amount of any such annual bonus will be determined by the Company in its sole discretion. 

o Benefits . You shall be eligible to participate in all of the employee benefit plans or programs the Company generally makes available to similarly situated employees, pursuant to the terms and conditions of such plans. You will also be entitled to vacation and/or paid time off each year in accordance with Company policy and all holidays observed by the Company each year. The Company 

1 

|US-DOCS\138581474.1|| 
 
 reserves the right to change compensation and benefits provided to its employees from time to time in its discretion. 

o Withholding . All amounts payable to you will be subject to appropriate payroll deductions and withholdings. 

Expenses. You will be entitled to reimbursement for all ordinary and reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses which are reasonably incurred by you in furtherance of the Company s business, with appropriate documentation and in accordance with the Company s standard policies. 

S EVERANCE . 

o A CCRUED O BLIGATIONS . If your employment terminates for any reason, you are entitled to your fully earned but unpaid base salary, through the date such termination is effective at the rate then in effect, and all other amounts or benefits to which you are entitled under any compensation, retirement or benefit plan of the Company at the time of your termination of employment in accordance with the terms of such plans, including, without limitation, any accrued but unpaid paid time off and any continuation of benefits required by applicable law (the Accrued Obligation s ). 

o N ON -CIC S EVERANCE B ENEFITS . In addition to your Accrued Obligations, subject to your continued compliance with the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement, as described below, and the effectiveness of your Release, as defined below, if your employment is involuntarily terminated by the Company without Cause (and other than by reason of your death or disability) or you resign for Good Reason (either such termination, a Qualifying Termination ), and such Qualifying Termination does not occur during the Change in Control Period (as defined below), you shall be entitled to receive, as the sole severance benefits to which you are entitled, the benefits provided below (the Non-CIC Severance Benefits ): 

An amount equal to 9 months base salary (at the rate in effect immediately prior to the date of your termination of employment, or in the case of a material diminution in your base salary which would give rise to Good Reason for your resignation, the base salary in effect prior to such material diminution), which amount will be paid over a period of 9 months following your termination of employment in accordance with the Company's standard payroll practices, with the first such installment occurring on the first regularly-scheduled payroll date following the date your Release becomes effective (which first installment will include any installments that would have occurred prior to such date but for the fact your Release was not yet effective); 

An amount equal to your Target Bonus for the calendar year in which your termination date occurs, prorated for the portion of the calendar year in which your termination date occurs that has elapsed prior to such termination, plus any unpaid annual bonus for the calendar year prior to the year in which your Qualifying Termination occurs, to the extent you 

2 

|US-DOCS\138581474.1|| 
 
 are entitled to such bonus and if such bonus has not already been paid, which amount(s) will be paid in a lump sum on the first regularly- scheduled payroll date following the date your Release becomes effective, but in no event more than 75 days following your termination date; 

For the 9 month period beginning on the date of your termination of employment (or, if earlier, (a) the date on which the applicable continuation period under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended COBRA expires, or (b) the date on which you become eligible to receive the equivalent or increased healthcare coverage by means of subsequent employment or self- employment) (such period, the COBRA Coverage Period ), if you and/or your eligible dependents who were covered under the Company s health insurance plans as of the date of your termination of employment elect to have COBRA coverage and are eligible for such coverage, the Company shall pay for or reimburse you on a monthly basis for an amount equal to (i) the monthly premium you and/or your covered dependents, as applicable, are required to pay for continuation coverage pursuant to COBRA for you and/or your eligible dependents, as applicable, who were covered under the Company s health plans as of the date of your termination of employment (calculated by reference to the premium as of the date of your termination of employment) less (ii) the amount you would have had to pay to receive group health coverage for you and/or your covered dependents, as applicable, based on the cost sharing levels in effect on the date of your termination of employment. If any of the Company s health benefits are self-funded as of the date of your termination of employment, or if the Company cannot provide the foregoing benefits in a manner that is exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), or that is otherwise compliant with applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), instead of providing the payments or reimbursements as set forth above, the Company shall instead pay to you the foregoing monthly amount as a taxable monthly payment for the COBRA Coverage Period (or any remaining portion thereof). You shall be solely responsible for all matters relating to continuation of coverage pursuant to COBRA, including, without limitation, the election of such coverage and the timely payment of premiums. You shall notify the Company immediately if you become eligible to receive the equivalent or increased healthcare coverage by means of subsequent employment or self-employment; and 

Notwithstanding anything else set forth herein, in the Company s equity plan or in any award agreement, such number of the unvested Stock Awards (as defined below) then held by you will vest on the effective date of your Release as would have vested during the 9-month period following your Qualifying Termination had you remained employed by the Company during such period. The foregoing provisions are hereby deemed to be a part of each Stock Award and to supersede any less 

3 

|US-DOCS\138581474.1|| 
 
 favorable provision in any agreement or plan regarding such Stock Award, and shall be in addition to the accelerated vesting of the Founders Shares under the Stock Restriction Agreement. 

o CIC S EVERANCE B ENEFITS . In addition to your Accrued Obligations, subject to your continued compliance with the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement, as described below, and the effectiveness of your Release, if your Qualifying Termination occurs during the Change in Control Period, you shall be entitled to receive, as the sole severance benefits to which you are entitled and in lieu of any Non-CIC Severance Benefits, the benefits provided below (the CIC Severance Benefits (and for the avoidance of doubt: (a) in no event will you be entitled to both the Non-CIC Severance Benefits and the CIC Severance Benefits, and (b) if the Company has commenced providing the Non-CIC Severance Benefits to you prior to the date that you become eligible to receive the CIC Severance Benefits, the Non-CIC Severance Benefits previously provided to you shall reduce the CIC Severance Benefits provided below by the amount of such Non-CIC Severance Benefits already provided to you): 

An amount equal to 12 months base salary (at the rate in effect immediately prior to the date of your termination of employment, or in the case of a material diminution in your base salary which would give rise to Good Reason for your resignation, the base salary in effect prior to such material diminution), which amount will be paid over a period of 12 months following your termination of employment in accordance with the Company's standard payroll practices, with the first such installment occurring on the first regularly-scheduled payroll date following the date your Release becomes effective (which first installment will include any installments that would have occurred prior to such date but for the fact your Release was not yet effective); 

An amount equal to your Target Bonus for the calendar year in which your termination date occurs, plus any unpaid annual bonus for the calendar year prior to the year in which your Qualifying Termination occurs, to the extent you are entitled to such bonus and if such bonus has not already been paid, which amount(s) will be paid in a lump sum on the first regularly- scheduled payroll date following the date your Release becomes effective, but in no event more than 75 days following your termination date; 

For the 12 month period beginning on the date of your termination of employment (or, if earlier, (a) the date on which the applicable continuation period under COBRA expires, or (b) the date on which you become eligible to receive the equivalent or increased healthcare coverage by means of subsequent employment or self-employment) (such period, the CIC COBRA Coverage Period ), if you and/or your eligible dependents who were covered under the Company s health insurance plans as of the date of your termination of employment elect to 

4 

|US-DOCS\138581474.1|| 
 
 have COBRA coverage and are eligible for such coverage, the Company shall pay for or reimburse you on a monthly basis for an amount equal to (i) the monthly premium you and/or your covered dependents, as applicable, are required to pay for continuation coverage pursuant to COBRA for you and/or your eligible dependents, as applicable, who were covered under the Company s health plans as of the date of your termination of employment (calculated by reference to the premium as of the date of your termination of employment) less (ii) the amount you would have had to pay to receive group health coverage for you and/or your covered dependents, as applicable, based on the cost sharing levels in effect on the date of your termination of employment. If any of the Company s health benefits are self-funded as of the date of your termination of employment, or if the Company cannot provide the foregoing benefits in a manner that is exempt from Section 409A of Code, or that is otherwise compliant with applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), instead of providing the payments or reimbursements as set forth above, the Company shall instead pay to you the foregoing monthly amount as a taxable monthly payment for the CIC COBRA Coverage Period (or any remaining portion thereof). You shall be solely responsible for all matters relating to continuation of coverage pursuant to COBRA, including, without limitation, the election of such coverage and the timely payment of premiums. You shall notify the Company immediately if you become eligible to receive the equivalent or increased healthcare coverage by means of subsequent employment or self- employment; and 

Notwithstanding anything else set forth herein, in the Company s equity plan or in any award agreement, any unvested Stock Awards then held by you will vest on the effective date of your Release. The foregoing provisions are hereby deemed to be a part of each Stock Award and to supersede any less favorable provision in any agreement or plan regarding such Stock Award, and shall be in addition to the accelerated vesting of the Founders Shares under the Stock Restriction Agreement. 

o As a condition to your receipt of any post-termination payments and benefits pursuant to the preceding paragraphs, you shall execute and not revoke a separation agreement containing a release of all claims in favor of the Company, a post-termination non-competition covenant generally consistent with Section 6.1(a) of the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement, and other customary terms (the Release ), in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company in order to effectuate a valid general release of claims. In the event the Release does not become effective within the 60-day period following the date of your termination of employment, you will not be entitled to the aforesaid payments and benefits. 

o For purposes of this Agreement, Cause means any of the following: (a) your commission of an act of fraud, embezzlement or dishonesty, or the commission of some other illegal act by you, that has a demonstrable adverse impact on the 

5 

|US-DOCS\138581474.1|| 
 
 Company or any successor or affiliate thereof; (b) your conviction of, or plea of guilty or no contest to, a non-vehicular felony or any crime involving fraud, dishonesty or moral turpitude under the laws of the United States or any state thereof; (c) any intentional, unauthorized use or disclosure by you of confidential information or trade secrets of the Company or any successor or affiliate thereof; (d) your gross negligence, insubordination or material violation of any duty of loyalty to the Company or any successor or affiliate thereof, or any other demonstrable material misconduct on your part; (e) your ongoing and repeated failure or refusal to perform or neglect of your duties as required by this Agreement or your ongoing and repeated failure or refusal to comply with the reasonable and lawful instructions given to you by the Board, which failure, refusal or neglect continues for 15 days following your receipt of written notice from the Board stating with specificity the nature of such failure, refusal or neglect; provided that it is understood that this clause (e) shall not permit the Company to terminate your employment for Cause solely because of (i) your failure to meet specified performance objectives or achieve a specific result or outcome, or (ii) Company s dissatisfaction with the quality of services provided by you in the good faith performance of your duties to the Company; or (f) your willful, material breach of any material Company policy or any material provision of this Agreement or the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement. Prior to the determination that Cause under clauses (d), (e) or (f) has occurred, the Company shall (i) provide to you in writing, in reasonable detail, the reasons for the determination that such Cause exists, (ii) other than with respect to clause (e) above which specifies the applicable period of time for you to remedy your breach, afford you a reasonable opportunity to remedy any such breach, (iii) provide you an opportunity to be heard prior to the final decision to terminate your employment hereunder for such Cause and (iv) make any decision that such Cause exists in good faith. The foregoing definition shall not in any way preclude or restrict the right of the Company or any successor or affiliate thereof to discharge or dismiss you for any other acts or omissions, but such other acts or omissions shall not be deemed, for purposes of this Agreement, to constitute grounds for termination for Cause. 

o For purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control shall mean (a) a merger or consolidation of the Company with or into any other corporation or other entity or person, (b) a sale, lease, exchange or other transfer in one transaction or a series of related transactions of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, or (c) any other transaction, including the sale by the Company of new shares of its capital stock or a transfer of existing shares of capital stock of the Company, the result of which is that a third party that is not an affiliate of the Company or its stockholders (or a group of third parties not affiliated with the Company or its stockholders) immediately prior to such transaction acquires or holds capital stock of the Company representing a majority of the Company s outstanding voting power immediately following such transaction; provided that the following events shall not constitute a Change in Control : (i) a transaction (other than a sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets) in which the holders of the voting securities of the Company immediately prior to the merger or consolidation hold, directly or indirectly, at least a majority of the voting securities in the successor corporation or its parent immediately after the merger or consolidation; (ii) a sale, 

6 

|US-DOCS\138581474.1|| 
 
 lease, exchange or other transaction in one transaction or a series of related transactions of all or substantially all of the Company s assets to an affiliate of the Company; (iii) an initial public offering of any of the Company s securities or any other transaction or series of related transactions principally for bona fide equity financing purposes; (iv) a reincorporation of the Company solely to change its jurisdiction; or (v) a transaction undertaken for the primary purpose of creating a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportion by the persons who held the Company s securities immediately before such transaction. If a Change in Control would give rise to a payment or settlement event with respect to any payment or benefit that constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation, the transaction or event constituting the Change in Control must also constitute a change in control event (as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)) in order to give rise to the payment or settlement event for such payment or benefit, to the extent required by Section 409A. 

o For purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control Period means the 24 months following a Change in Control. 

o For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason means any of the following without your written consent: (a) a material diminution in your authority, duties or responsibilities, including a requirement that you report to a corporate officer other than the Chief Executive Officer; (b) a material diminution in your base compensation (and you and the Company agree that any diminution of 10 or more shall be considered material for this purpose, regardless of whether such diminution occurs due to a single reduction or a series of reductions in your base compensation), unless such a reduction is imposed across-the-board to senior management of the Company; (c) a material change in the geographic location at which you must perform your duties (and you and the Company agree that a relocation of the geographic location at which you must perform your duties to a location that increases your one-way commute from your residence by more than 50 miles as compared to your principal place of employment prior to such relocation shall be considered material for this purpose); or (d) any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by the Company or any successor or affiliate of its obligations to you under this Agreement or the Stock Restriction Agreement. You must provide written notice to the Company of the occurrence of any of the foregoing events or conditions without your written consent within 6 months of the occurrence of such event. The Company or any successor or affiliate shall have a period of 30 days to cure such event or condition after receipt of written notice of such event from you. Your termination of employment by reason of resignation from employment with the Company for Good Reason must occur within 30 days following the expiration of the foregoing 30-day cure period. 

o For purposes of this Agreement, Stock Awards means all stock options, restricted stock and such other awards granted pursuant to the Company s stock option and equity incentive award plans or agreements and any shares of stock issued upon exercise thereof (other than any shares (the Founders Shares the vesting of which is governed by that certain Restricted Stock Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Agreement dated February 8, 2021, between you and the Company (the Stock Restriction Agreement )). For the avoidance of doubt, your 

7 

|US-DOCS\138581474.1|| 
 
 Qualifying Termination under this Agreement shall constitute a Qualifying Termination for purposes of the Stock Restriction Agreement. 

o To the extent applicable, this Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A of the Code and Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder. The intent of the parties is that payments and benefits under this Agreement comply with, or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted to be in compliance with such intention. To the extent that any provision in this Agreement is ambiguous as to its compliance with or exemption from Section 409A of the Code, the provision shall be read in such a manner that no payments payable under this Agreement shall be subject to an additional tax as defined in Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code. For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, any right to a series of installment payments under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. For purposes of this Agreement, all references to your termination of employment shall mean your separation from service (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)) Separation from Service ). If you are a specified employee (as defined in Section 409A of the Code), as determined by the Company in accordance with Section 409A of the Code, on the date of your Separation from Service, to the extent that the payments or benefits under this Agreement are non-qualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code and the delayed payment or distribution of all or any portion of such amounts to which you are entitled under this Agreement is required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, then such portion deferred pursuant to this paragraph shall be paid or distributed to you in a lump sum on the earlier of (a) the date that is 6 months and one day following your Separation from Service, (b) the date of your death or (c) the earliest date as is permitted under Section 409A of the Code. Any remaining payments due under this Agreement shall be paid as otherwise provided herein. 

o To the extent that the payments or benefits under this Agreement are non- qualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, if the period during which you may deliver the Release required hereunder spans two calendar years, the payment of your post-termination benefits shall occur (or commence) on the later of (a) January 1 of the second calendar year, or (b) the first regularly-scheduled payroll date following the date your Release becomes effective. 

o Any reimbursement of expenses or in-kind benefits payable under this Agreement shall be made in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(1)(iv) and shall be paid on or before the last day of your taxable year following the taxable year in which you incurred the expenses. The amount of expenses reimbursed or in-kind benefits payable in one year shall not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits payable in any other taxable year of yours, and your right to reimbursement for such amounts shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for any other benefit. 

8 

|US-DOCS\138581474.1|| 
 
 Company Policies And Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement. As an employee of the Company, you shall be expected to abide by all of the Company s policies and procedures and the Company s employee handbook, if any. You and the Company have entered into a Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit A , which shall survive termination of your employment with the Company and the termination of the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement. You reaffirm your obligations under the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement and acknowledge that a remedy at law for any breach or threatened breach by you of the provisions of the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement would be inadequate, and you therefore agree that the Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief in case of any such breach or threatened breach. Any references in your Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement to the Prior Agreement shall be deemed to be amended to refer to this Agreement. The Company may modify, revoke, suspend or terminate any of the terms, plans, policies and/or procedures described in the employee handbook, if any, or as otherwise communicated to you, in whole or part, at any time, with or without notice. 

Best Pay Provision. 

o In the event that any payment or benefit received or to be received by you pursuant to the terms of any plan, arrangement or agreement (including any payment or benefit received in connection with a change in ownership or control or the termination of your employment) (all such payments and benefits being hereinafter referred to as the Total Payments would be subject (in whole or part) to the excise tax (the Excise Tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code, then the Total Payments shall be reduced to the extent necessary so that no portion of the Total Payments is subject to the Excise Tax but only if (i) the net amount of such Total Payments, as so reduced (after subtracting the amount of federal, state and local income taxes on such reduced Total Payments and after taking into account the phase out of itemized deductions and personal exemptions attributable to such reduced Total Payments) is greater than or equal to (ii) the net amount of such Total Payments without such reduction (after subtracting the net amount of federal, state and local income taxes on such Total Payments and the amount of Excise Tax to which you would be subject in respect of such unreduced Total Payments and after taking into account the phase out of itemized deductions and personal exemptions attributable to such unreduced Total Payments). Except to the extent that an alternative reduction order would result in a greater economic benefit to you on an after-tax basis, the parties intend that the Total Payments shall be reduced in the following order: (w) reduction of any cash severance payments otherwise payable to you that are exempt from Section 409A of the Code, (x) reduction of any other cash payments or benefits otherwise payable to you that are exempt from Section 409A of the Code, but excluding any payment attributable to the acceleration of vesting or payment with respect to any equity award that is exempt from Section 409A of the Code, (y) reduction of any other payments or benefits otherwise payable to you on a pro-rata basis or such other manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code, but excluding any payment attributable to the acceleration of vesting and payment with respect to any equity award that is exempt from Section 409A of the Code, and (z) reduction of any payments attributable to the acceleration of vesting or payment with respect to any equity award that is exempt from Section 409A of the Code; provided, in case of clauses (x), (y) and (z), that reduction of any payments or benefits attributable to the acceleration of vesting of Company equity awards shall be first applied to equity awards with later vesting dates; provided, further, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such 

9 

|US-DOCS\138581474.1|| 
 
 reduction shall be undertaken in a manner that complies with and does not result in the imposition of additional taxes on you under Section 409A of the Code. The foregoing reductions shall be made in a manner that results in the maximum economic benefit to you on an after-tax basis and, to the extent economically equivalent payments or benefits are subject to reduction, in a pro rata manner. 

o All determinations regarding the application of the paragraph above shall be made by an independent accounting firm or consulting group with nationally recognized standing and substantial expertise and experience in performing calculations regarding the applicability of Section 280G of the Code and the Excise Tax retained by the Company prior to the date of the applicable change in ownership or control (the 280G Firm ). For purposes of determining whether and the extent to which the Total Payments will be subject to the Excise Tax, (i) no portion of the Total Payments shall be taken into account which (x) does not constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code (including by reason of Section 280G(b)(4)(A) of the Code) and, in calculating the Excise Tax, or (y) constitutes reasonable compensation for services actually rendered, within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(4)(B) of the Code, in excess of the base amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) allocable to such reasonable compensation, (ii) no portion of the Total Payments the receipt or enjoyment of which you shall have waived at such time and in such manner as not to constitute a payment within the meaning of Section 280G(b) of the Code shall be taken into account, and (iii) the value of any non-cash benefit or any deferred payment or benefit included in the Total Payments shall be determined by the 280G Firm in accordance with the principles of Sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the Code. All determinations related to the calculations to be performed pursuant to this Best Pay Provision section shall be done by the 280G Firm. The 280G Firm will be directed to submit its determination and detailed supporting calculations to both you and the Company within fifteen (15) days after notification from either the Company or you that you may receive payments which may be parachute payments. You and the Company will each provide the 280G Firm access to and copies of any books, records, and documents as may be reasonably requested by the 280G Firm, and otherwise cooperate with the 280G Firm in connection with the preparation and issuance of the determinations and calculations contemplated by this Agreement. The fees and expenses of the 280G Firm for its services in connection with the determinations and calculations contemplated by this Agreement will be borne solely by the Company. 

Employment Terms . As a condition to your employment with the Company, you are required to (a) sign and return a satisfactory I-9 Immigration form providing sufficient documentation establishing your employment eligibility in the United States, and (b) provide satisfactory proof of your identity as required by United States law. 

Other Agreements. You represent and agree that your performance of your duties for the Company shall not violate any agreements, obligations or understandings that you may have with any third party or prior employer. Without limiting the foregoing, you represent and agree that you are not bound by any non-compete or non-solicitation agreement or any other type of agreement that would prohibit your employment with the Company. You agree not to make any unauthorized disclosure or use, on behalf of the Company, of any confidential information belonging to any of your former employers. You also represent that you are not in unauthorized possession of any materials containing a third party s confidential and proprietary information. While employed by the Company, you will not engage in any business activity 

10 

|US-DOCS\138581474.1|| 
 
 in competition with the Company nor make preparations to do so. In the event that you wish to undertake a business activity outside the scope of your employment by the Company, which activity you believe entails no conflict with the Company s activities, you agree to inform the Company of your intentions before the initiation of such outside business activity, and you furthermore agree to abide by the Company s decision as to whether or not there is no conflict. If, in the Company s sole determination, a conflict exists or is likely to develop, you agree not to undertake such outside business activity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees to your continued services to Frazier Healthcare Partners, Phathom Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and its other portfolio companies and further acknowledges and agrees that such continued services will not violate the terms of this Agreement. 

At-will Employment. Your employment with the Company will be at-will at all times, including after your introductory, probationary period, meaning that either you or the Company will be entitled to terminate your employment at any time and for any reason, with or without cause. Any contrary representations that may have been made to you are superseded by this offer. This Agreement in no way represents a fixed-term employment contract. This is the full and complete agreement between you and the Company on this term. Although your job duties, title, compensation and benefits, as well as the Company s personnel policies and procedures, may change from time to time, the at will nature of your employment may only be changed in an express written agreement signed by you and a duly authorized officer of the Company. 

Non-Interference. While employed by the Company, and for one (1) year immediately following the date on which you terminate employment or otherwise cease providing services to the Company, you agree not to interfere with the business of the Company by (a) soliciting or attempting to solicit any employee or consultant of the Company to terminate such employee s or consultant s employment or service in order to become an employee, consultant or independent contractor to or for any other person or entity or (b) soliciting or attempting to solicit any vendor, supplier, customer or other person or entity either directly or indirectly, to direct his, her or its purchase of the Company s products and/or services to any person, firm, corporation, institution or other entity in competition with the business of the Company. The foregoing restrictions shall not apply with respect to the bona fide hiring and firing of Company personnel to the extent such acts are part of your duties for Company. Your duties under this paragraph shall survive termination of your employment with the Company and the termination of this Agreement. 

Reasonableness of Terms. You agree that the terms contained in the Other Agreements and Non-Interference paragraphs above are reasonable in all respects and that the restrictions contained therein are designed to protect the Company against unfair competition. In the event a court determines that any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement are unreasonable, the court may limit the application of any provision or term, or modify any provision or term, and proceed to enforce this Agreement as so limited or modified. 

Governing Law; Jurisdiction and Venue. This Agreement, for all purposes, shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to conflicts-of-law principles. Any action or proceeding by either party to enforce this Agreement shall be brought only in any state or federal court located in Santa Clara County, California. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and waive the defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any such action or proceeding in such venue. 

11 

|US-DOCS\138581474.1|| 
 
 Severability . Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or any other jurisdiction, but this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions had never been contained herein. 

Successors and Assigns . This Agreement is intended to bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by you and the Company, and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors and administrators, except that you may not assign any of your duties hereunder and you may not assign any of your rights hereunder, without the written consent of the Company, which shall not be withheld unreasonably. 

Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the Stock Restriction Agreement and the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement constitute the complete, final and exclusive embodiment of the entire agreement between you and the Company with respect to the terms and conditions of your employment specified herein and therein. All prior discussions and negotiations have been and are merged and integrated into, and are superseded by, this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the Prior Agreement. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by a written instrument signed by you and a duly authorized officer of the Company. 	 

12 

|US-DOCS\138581474.1|| 
 
 	If you choose to accept this Agreement under the terms described above, please acknowledge your acceptance by returning a signed copy of this letter. 
 
 Sincerely, 
 
 HilleVax, Inc. 

Name: Robert Hershberg 
 Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Agreed and Accepted: 
 
 	I have read and understood this Agreement and hereby acknowledge, accept and agree to the terms as set forth above. 

Date: 	January 6, 2023				 
 Aditya Kohli, Ph.D. 
 
 Attachments:		Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement 
 
 13 

|US-DOCS\138581474.1|| 
 
 EXHIBIT A 
 
 Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement 
 
 14 

|US-DOCS\138581474.1|| 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 5
 hlvx-ex10_8.htm
 EX-10.8

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.8 
 HilleVax, Inc. 
 
 January 6, 2023 
 
 David Socks 
 
 Re:	Second Amended and Restated Employment Offer Letter 
 Dear Mr. Socks: 
 	HilleVax, Inc. (the Company is pleased to continue to offer you a position on the terms set forth in this second amended and restated offer letter (this Agreement ). This Agreement is entered into effective January 6, 2023 and amends and restates in its entirety the amended and restated offer letter between the Company and you that was dated March 1, 2021 (the Prior Agreement ). 
 Duties . You shall serve and shall perform such duties as are customarily associated with the position of Chief Business Officer, including oversight and management of the Company s business development and strategy functions, and such other duties as are assigned to you by your supervisor, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. You shall perform your services from your home office in Encinitas, California. This is an exempt position. You shall devote at least fifty percent (50 of your working time and attention to the business affairs of the Company. 

Compensation. Your initial compensation will be as follows: 

o Base Salary. Effective January 1, 2023, you will receive an annual base salary of 238,500 for all hours worked, less taxes, authorized withholdings and other legally required deductions. You will be paid in accordance with the Company s customary payroll procedures as established and modified from time-to-time. 

o Annual Bonus . In addition to your base salary, you may be eligible to earn, for each fiscal year of the Company ending during the term of your employment with the Company, an annual cash performance bonus under the Company s bonus plan, as approved from time to time by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ). Your target annual bonus will be forty-five percent (45 of your base salary actually paid for the year to which such annual bonus relates (the Target Bonus ). Your actual annual bonus will be determined on the basis of your and/or the Company s attainment of financial or other performance criteria established by the Board or its designee in accordance with the terms and conditions of such bonus plan. You must be employed by the Company on the date of payment of such annual bonus in order to be eligible to receive such annual bonus. You hereby acknowledge and agree that nothing contained herein confers upon you any right to an annual bonus in any year, and that whether the Company pays you an annual bonus and the amount of any such annual bonus will be determined by the Company in its sole discretion. 

o Benefits . You shall be eligible to participate in all of the employee benefit plans or programs the Company generally makes available to similarly situated employees, pursuant to the terms and conditions of such plans. You will also be entitled to vacation and/or paid time off each year in accordance with Company policy and all holidays observed by the Company each year. The Company 

1 

|US-DOCS\138338525.3|| 

reserves the right to change compensation and benefits provided to its employees from time to time in its discretion. 

o Withholding . All amounts payable to you will be subject to appropriate payroll deductions and withholdings. 

Expenses. You will be entitled to reimbursement for all ordinary and reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses which are reasonably incurred by you in furtherance of the Company s business, with appropriate documentation and in accordance with the Company s standard policies. 

S EVERANCE . 

o A CCRUED O BLIGATIONS . If your employment terminates for any reason, you are entitled to your fully earned but unpaid base salary, through the date such termination is effective at the rate then in effect, and all other amounts or benefits to which you are entitled under any compensation, retirement or benefit plan of the Company at the time of your termination of employment in accordance with the terms of such plans, including, without limitation, any accrued but unpaid paid time off and any continuation of benefits required by applicable law (the Accrued Obligation s ). 

o N ON -CIC S EVERANCE B ENEFITS . In addition to your Accrued Obligations, subject to your continued compliance with the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement, as described below, and the effectiveness of your Release, as defined below, if your employment is involuntarily terminated by the Company without Cause (and other than by reason of your death or disability) or you resign for Good Reason (either such termination, a Qualifying Termination ), and such Qualifying Termination does not occur during the Change in Control Period (as defined below), you shall be entitled to receive, as the sole severance benefits to which you are entitled, the benefits provided below (the Non-CIC Severance Benefits ): 

An amount equal to 9 months base salary (at the rate in effect immediately prior to the date of your termination of employment, or in the case of a material diminution in your base salary which would give rise to Good Reason for your resignation, the base salary in effect prior to such material diminution), which amount will be paid over a period of 9 months following your termination of employment in accordance with the Company s standard payroll practices, with the first such installment occurring on the first regularly-scheduled payroll date following the date your Release becomes effective (which first installment will include any installments that would have occurred prior to such date but for the fact your Release was not yet effective); 

An amount equal to your Target Bonus for the calendar year in which your termination date occurs, prorated for the portion of the calendar year in which your termination date occurs that has elapsed prior to such termination, plus any unpaid annual bonus for the calendar year prior to the year in which your Qualifying Termination occurs, to the extent you 

2 

|US-DOCS\138338525.3|| 

are entitled to such bonus and if such bonus has not already been paid, which amount(s) will be paid in a lump sum on the first regularly- scheduled payroll date following the date your Release becomes effective, but in no event more than 75 days following your termination date; 

For the 9 month period beginning on the date of your termination of employment (or, if earlier, (a) the date on which the applicable continuation period under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended COBRA expires, or (b) the date on which you become eligible to receive the equivalent or increased healthcare coverage by means of subsequent employment or self- employment) (such period, the COBRA Coverage Period ), if you and/or your eligible dependents who were covered under the Company s health insurance plans as of the date of your termination of employment elect to have COBRA coverage and are eligible for such coverage, the Company shall pay for or reimburse you on a monthly basis for an amount equal to (i) the monthly premium you and/or your covered dependents, as applicable, are required to pay for continuation coverage pursuant to COBRA for you and/or your eligible dependents, as applicable, who were covered under the Company s health plans as of the date of your termination of employment (calculated by reference to the premium as of the date of your termination of employment) less (ii) the amount you would have had to pay to receive group health coverage for you and/or your covered dependents, as applicable, based on the cost sharing levels in effect on the date of your termination of employment. If any of the Company s health benefits are self-funded as of the date of your termination of employment, or if the Company cannot provide the foregoing benefits in a manner that is exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), or that is otherwise compliant with applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), instead of providing the payments or reimbursements as set forth above, the Company shall instead pay to you the foregoing monthly amount as a taxable monthly payment for the COBRA Coverage Period (or any remaining portion thereof). You shall be solely responsible for all matters relating to continuation of coverage pursuant to COBRA, including, without limitation, the election of such coverage and the timely payment of premiums. You shall notify the Company immediately if you become eligible to receive the equivalent or increased healthcare coverage by means of subsequent employment or self-employment; and 

Notwithstanding anything else set forth herein, in the Company s equity plan or in any award agreement, such number of the unvested Stock Awards (as defined below) then held by you will vest on the effective date of your Release as would have vested during the 9-month period following your Qualifying Termination had you remained employed by the Company during such period. The foregoing provisions are hereby deemed to be a part of each Stock Award and to supersede any less 

3 

|US-DOCS\138338525.3|| 

favorable provision in any agreement or plan regarding such Stock Award, and shall be in addition to the accelerated vesting of the Founders Shares under the Stock Restriction Agreement. 

o CIC S EVERANCE B ENEFITS . In addition to your Accrued Obligations, subject to your continued compliance with the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement, as described below, and the effectiveness of your Release, if your Qualifying Termination occurs during the Change in Control Period, you shall be entitled to receive, as the sole severance benefits to which you are entitled and in lieu of any Non-CIC Severance Benefits, the benefits provided below (the CIC Severance Benefits (and for the avoidance of doubt: (a) in no event will you be entitled to both the Non-CIC Severance Benefits and the CIC Severance Benefits, and (b) if the Company has commenced providing the Non-CIC Severance Benefits to you prior to the date that you become eligible to receive the CIC Severance Benefits, the Non-CIC Severance Benefits previously provided to you shall reduce the CIC Severance Benefits provided below by the amount of such Non-CIC Severance Benefits already provided to you): 

An amount equal to 12 months base salary (at the rate in effect immediately prior to the date of your termination of employment, or in the case of a material diminution in your base salary which would give rise to Good Reason for your resignation, the base salary in effect prior to such material diminution), which amount will be paid over a period of 12 months following your termination of employment in accordance with the Company s standard payroll practices, with the first such installment occurring on the first regularly-scheduled payroll date following the date your Release becomes effective (which first installment will include any installments that would have occurred prior to such date but for the fact your Release was not yet effective); 

An amount equal to your Target Bonus for the calendar year in which your termination date occurs, plus any unpaid annual bonus for the calendar year prior to the year in which your Qualifying Termination occurs, to the extent you are entitled to such bonus and if such bonus has not already been paid, which amount(s) will be paid in a lump sum on the first regularly- scheduled payroll date following the date your Release becomes effective, but in no event more than 75 days following your termination date; 

For the 12 month period beginning on the date of your termination of employment (or, if earlier, (a) the date on which the applicable continuation period under COBRA expires, or (b) the date on which you become eligible to receive the equivalent or increased healthcare coverage by means of subsequent employment or self-employment) (such period, the CIC COBRA Coverage Period ), if you and/or your eligible dependents who were covered under the Company s health insurance plans as of the date of your termination of employment elect to 

4 

|US-DOCS\138338525.3|| 

have COBRA coverage and are eligible for such coverage, the Company shall pay for or reimburse you on a monthly basis for an amount equal to (i) the monthly premium you and/or your covered dependents, as applicable, are required to pay for continuation coverage pursuant to COBRA for you and/or your eligible dependents, as applicable, who were covered under the Company s health plans as of the date of your termination of employment (calculated by reference to the premium as of the date of your termination of employment) less (ii) the amount you would have had to pay to receive group health coverage for you and/or your covered dependents, as applicable, based on the cost sharing levels in effect on the date of your termination of employment. If any of the Company s health benefits are self-funded as of the date of your termination of employment, or if the Company cannot provide the foregoing benefits in a manner that is exempt from Section 409A of Code, or that is otherwise compliant with applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), instead of providing the payments or reimbursements as set forth above, the Company shall instead pay to you the foregoing monthly amount as a taxable monthly payment for the CIC COBRA Coverage Period (or any remaining portion thereof). You shall be solely responsible for all matters relating to continuation of coverage pursuant to COBRA, including, without limitation, the election of such coverage and the timely payment of premiums. You shall notify the Company immediately if you become eligible to receive the equivalent or increased healthcare coverage by means of subsequent employment or self- employment; and 

Notwithstanding anything else set forth herein, in the Company s equity plan or in any award agreement, any unvested Stock Awards then held by you will vest on the effective date of your Release. The foregoing provisions are hereby deemed to be a part of each Stock Award and to supersede any less favorable provision in any agreement or plan regarding such Stock Award, and shall be in addition to the accelerated vesting of the Founders Shares under the Stock Restriction Agreement. 

o O THER Agreements . If your employment terminates for any reason after December 31, 2023, other than by the Company for Cause or as a result of your death or following your Disability (as defined in the Stock Restriction Agreement), you will immediately become a consultant to the Company pursuant to the consulting agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Consulting Agreement ), and there will be no break in service for purposes of your Stock Awards or Founders Shares. If the Company does not enter into the Consulting Agreement for any reason and you experience an interruption in service to the Company following your termination of employment, such termination will be deemed to be a Qualifying Termination for purposes of the Stock Restriction Agreement entitling you to full vesting of any unvested Founders Shares on the date of such termination (but, for the avoidance of doubt, there will be no accelerated vesting of any Stock Awards unless your termination of employment constitutes a Qualifying Termination 

5 

|US-DOCS\138338525.3|| 

under this Agreement). In addition, upon a termination of your employment or a termination of your service under the Consulting Agreement due to your death or following your Disability, any unvested Founders Shares will vest in full on the date of your termination (but, for the avoidance of doubt, there will be no accelerated vesting of any Stock Awards due to your death or following your Disability). The foregoing provisions are hereby deemed to be a part of each Stock Award and to supersede any less favorable provision in any agreement or plan governing such Stock Award, and shall be in addition to the accelerated vesting of the Founders Shares under the Stock Restriction Agreement or the Consulting Agreement. This Agreement amends the Stock Restriction Agreement to the extent the provisions contained herein are more favorable than those contained in the Stock Restriction Agreement. 

o As a condition to your receipt of any post-termination payments and benefits pursuant to the preceding paragraphs, you shall execute and not revoke a separation agreement containing a release of all claims in favor of the Company, a post-termination non-competition covenant generally consistent with Section 6.1(a) of the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement, and other customary terms (the Release ), in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company in order to effectuate a valid general release of claims. In the event the Release does not become effective within the 60-day period following the date of your termination of employment, you will not be entitled to the aforesaid payments and benefits. 

o For purposes of this Agreement, Cause means any of the following: (a) your commission of an act of fraud, embezzlement or dishonesty, or the commission of some other illegal act by you, that has a demonstrable adverse impact on the Company or any successor or affiliate thereof; (b) your conviction of, or plea of guilty or no contest to, a non-vehicular felony or any crime involving fraud, dishonesty or moral turpitude under the laws of the United States or any state thereof; (c) any intentional, unauthorized use or disclosure by you of confidential information or trade secrets of the Company or any successor or affiliate thereof; (d) your gross negligence, insubordination or material violation of any duty of loyalty to the Company or any successor or affiliate thereof, or any other demonstrable material misconduct on your part; (e) your ongoing and repeated failure or refusal to perform or neglect of your duties as required by this Agreement or your ongoing and repeated failure or refusal to comply with the reasonable and lawful instructions given to you by the Board, which failure, refusal or neglect continues for 15 days following your receipt of written notice from the Board stating with specificity the nature of such failure, refusal or neglect; provided that it is understood that this clause (e) shall not permit the Company to terminate your employment for Cause solely because of (i) your failure to meet specified performance objectives or achieve a specific result or outcome, or (ii) Company s dissatisfaction with the quality of services provided by you in the good faith performance of your duties to the Company; or (f) your willful, material breach of any material Company policy or any material provision of this Agreement or the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement. Prior to the determination that Cause under clauses 

6 

|US-DOCS\138338525.3|| 

(d), (e) or (f) has occurred, the Company shall (i) provide to you in writing, in reasonable detail, the reasons for the determination that such Cause exists, (ii) other than with respect to clause (e) above which specifies the applicable period of time for you to remedy your breach, afford you a reasonable opportunity to remedy any such breach, (iii) provide you an opportunity to be heard prior to the final decision to terminate your employment hereunder for such Cause and (iv) make any decision that such Cause exists in good faith. The foregoing definition shall not in any way preclude or restrict the right of the Company or any successor or affiliate thereof to discharge or dismiss you for any other acts or omissions, but such other acts or omissions shall not be deemed, for purposes of this Agreement, to constitute grounds for termination for Cause. 

o For purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control shall mean (a) a merger or consolidation of the Company with or into any other corporation or other entity or person, (b) a sale, lease, exchange or other transfer in one transaction or a series of related transactions of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, or (c) any other transaction, including the sale by the Company of new shares of its capital stock or a transfer of existing shares of capital stock of the Company, the result of which is that a third party that is not an affiliate of the Company or its stockholders (or a group of third parties not affiliated with the Company or its stockholders) immediately prior to such transaction acquires or holds capital stock of the Company representing a majority of the Company s outstanding voting power immediately following such transaction; provided that the following events shall not constitute a Change in Control : (i) a transaction (other than a sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets) in which the holders of the voting securities of the Company immediately prior to the merger or consolidation hold, directly or indirectly, at least a majority of the voting securities in the successor corporation or its parent immediately after the merger or consolidation; (ii) a sale, lease, exchange or other transaction in one transaction or a series of related transactions of all or substantially all of the Company s assets to an affiliate of the Company; (iii) an initial public offering of any of the Company s securities or any other transaction or series of related transactions principally for bona fide equity financing purposes; (iv) a reincorporation of the Company solely to change its jurisdiction; or (v) a transaction undertaken for the primary purpose of creating a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportion by the persons who held the Company s securities immediately before such transaction. If a Change in Control would give rise to a payment or settlement event with respect to any payment or benefit that constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation, the transaction or event constituting the Change in Control must also constitute a change in control event (as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)) in order to give rise to the payment or settlement event for such payment or benefit, to the extent required by Section 409A. 

o For purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control Period means the 24 months following a Change in Control. 

o For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason means any of the following without your written consent: (a) a material diminution in your authority, duties 

7 

|US-DOCS\138338525.3|| 

or responsibilities, including a requirement that you report to a corporate officer other than the Chief Executive Officer; (b) a material diminution in your base compensation (and you and the Company agree that any diminution of 10 or more shall be considered material for this purpose, regardless of whether such diminution occurs due to a single reduction or a series of reductions in your base compensation), unless such a reduction is imposed across-the-board to senior management of the Company; (c) a material change in the geographic location at which you must perform your duties (and you and the Company agree that a relocation of the geographic location at which you must perform your duties to a location that increases your one-way commute from your residence by more than 50 miles as compared to your principal place of employment prior to such relocation shall be considered material for this purpose); or (d) any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by the Company or any successor or affiliate of its obligations to you under this Agreement or the Stock Restriction Agreement. You must provide written notice to the Company of the occurrence of any of the foregoing events or conditions without your written consent within 6 months of the occurrence of such event. The Company or any successor or affiliate shall have a period of 30 days to cure such event or condition after receipt of written notice of such event from you. Your termination of employment by reason of resignation from employment with the Company for Good Reason must occur within 30 days following the expiration of the foregoing 30-day cure period. 

o For purposes of this Agreement, Stock Awards means all stock options, restricted stock and such other awards granted pursuant to the Company s stock option and equity incentive award plans or agreements and any shares of stock issued upon exercise thereof, in each case, granted on or after January 1, 2023. In no event will Stock Awards include those shares (the Founders Shares the vesting of which is governed by that certain Stock Restriction Agreement dated February 8, 2021, between you and the Company (the Stock Restriction Agreement ). For the avoidance of doubt, your Qualifying Termination under this Agreement shall constitute a Qualifying Termination for purposes of the Stock Restriction Agreement. 

o To the extent applicable, this Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A of the Code and Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder. The intent of the parties is that payments and benefits under this Agreement comply with, or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted to be in compliance with such intention. To the extent that any provision in this Agreement is ambiguous as to its compliance with or exemption from Section 409A of the Code, the provision shall be read in such a manner that no payments payable under this Agreement shall be subject to an additional tax as defined in Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code. For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, any right to a series of installment payments under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. For purposes of this Agreement, all references to your termination of employment shall mean your separation from service (as defined in 

8 

|US-DOCS\138338525.3|| 

Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)) Separation from Service ). If you are a specified employee (as defined in Section 409A of the Code), as determined by the Company in accordance with Section 409A of the Code, on the date of your Separation from Service, to the extent that the payments or benefits under this Agreement are non-qualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code and the delayed payment or distribution of all or any portion of such amounts to which you are entitled under this Agreement is required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, then such portion deferred pursuant to this paragraph shall be paid or distributed to you in a lump sum on the earlier of (a) the date that is 6 months and one day following your Separation from Service, (b) the date of your death or (c) the earliest date as is permitted under Section 409A of the Code. Any remaining payments due under this Agreement shall be paid as otherwise provided herein. 

o To the extent that the payments or benefits under this Agreement are non- qualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, if the period during which you may deliver the Release required hereunder spans two calendar years, the payment of your post-termination benefits shall occur (or commence) on the later of (a) January 1 of the second calendar year, or (b) the first regularly-scheduled payroll date following the date your Release becomes effective. 

o Any reimbursement of expenses or in-kind benefits payable under this Agreement shall be made in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(1)(iv) and shall be paid on or before the last day of your taxable year following the taxable year in which you incurred the expenses. The amount of expenses reimbursed or in-kind benefits payable in one year shall not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits payable in any other taxable year of yours, and your right to reimbursement for such amounts shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for any other benefit. 

Company Policies And Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement. As an employee of the Company, you shall be expected to abide by all of the Company s policies and procedures and the Company s employee handbook, if any. You and the Company have entered into a Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit B , which shall survive termination of your employment with the Company and the termination of the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement. You reaffirm your obligations under the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement and acknowledge that a remedy at law for any breach or threatened breach by you of the provisions of the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement would be inadequate, and you therefore agree that the Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief in case of any such breach or threatened breach. Any references in your Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement to the Prior Agreement shall be deemed to be amended to refer to this Agreement. The Company may modify, revoke, suspend or terminate any of the terms, plans, policies and/or procedures described in the employee handbook, if any, or as otherwise communicated to you, in whole or part, at any time, with or without notice. 

Best Pay Provision. 

9 

|US-DOCS\138338525.3|| 

o In the event that any payment or benefit received or to be received by you pursuant to the terms of any plan, arrangement or agreement (including any payment or benefit received in connection with a change in ownership or control or the termination of your employment) (all such payments and benefits being hereinafter referred to as the Total Payments would be subject (in whole or part) to the excise tax (the Excise Tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code, then the Total Payments shall be reduced to the extent necessary so that no portion of the Total Payments is subject to the Excise Tax but only if (i) the net amount of such Total Payments, as so reduced (after subtracting the amount of federal, state and local income taxes on such reduced Total Payments and after taking into account the phase out of itemized deductions and personal exemptions attributable to such reduced Total Payments) is greater than or equal to (ii) the net amount of such Total Payments without such reduction (after subtracting the net amount of federal, state and local income taxes on such Total Payments and the amount of Excise Tax to which you would be subject in respect of such unreduced Total Payments and after taking into account the phase out of itemized deductions and personal exemptions attributable to such unreduced Total Payments). Except to the extent that an alternative reduction order would result in a greater economic benefit to you on an after-tax basis, the parties intend that the Total Payments shall be reduced in the following order: (w) reduction of any cash severance payments otherwise payable to you that are exempt from Section 409A of the Code, (x) reduction of any other cash payments or benefits otherwise payable to you that are exempt from Section 409A of the Code, but excluding any payment attributable to the acceleration of vesting or payment with respect to any equity award that is exempt from Section 409A of the Code, (y) reduction of any other payments or benefits otherwise payable to you on a pro-rata basis or such other manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code, but excluding any payment attributable to the acceleration of vesting and payment with respect to any equity award that is exempt from Section 409A of the Code, and (z) reduction of any payments attributable to the acceleration of vesting or payment with respect to any equity award that is exempt from Section 409A of the Code; provided, in case of clauses (x), (y) and (z), that reduction of any payments or benefits attributable to the acceleration of vesting of Company equity awards shall be first applied to equity awards with later vesting dates; provided, further, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such reduction shall be undertaken in a manner that complies with and does not result in the imposition of additional taxes on you under Section 409A of the Code. The foregoing reductions shall be made in a manner that results in the maximum economic benefit to you on an after-tax basis and, to the extent economically equivalent payments or benefits are subject to reduction, in a pro rata manner. 

o All determinations regarding the application of the paragraph above shall be made by an independent accounting firm or consulting group with nationally recognized standing and substantial expertise and experience in performing calculations regarding the applicability of Section 280G of the Code and the Excise Tax retained by the Company prior to the date of the applicable change in ownership or control (the 280G Firm ). For purposes of determining whether and the extent to which the Total Payments will be subject to the Excise Tax, (i) no portion of the Total Payments shall be taken into account which (x) does not constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code (including by reason of Section 280G(b)(4)(A) of the Code) and, in calculating the Excise Tax, or (y) constitutes reasonable compensation for services actually rendered, within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(4)(B) of the Code, in excess of the base amount 

10 

|US-DOCS\138338525.3|| 

(as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) allocable to such reasonable compensation, (ii) no portion of the Total Payments the receipt or enjoyment of which you shall have waived at such time and in such manner as not to constitute a payment within the meaning of Section 280G(b) of the Code shall be taken into account, and (iii) the value of any non-cash benefit or any deferred payment or benefit included in the Total Payments shall be determined by the 280G Firm in accordance with the principles of Sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the Code. All determinations related to the calculations to be performed pursuant to this Best Pay Provision section shall be done by the 280G Firm. The 280G Firm will be directed to submit its determination and detailed supporting calculations to both you and the Company within fifteen (15) days after notification from either the Company or you that you may receive payments which may be parachute payments. You and the Company will each provide the 280G Firm access to and copies of any books, records, and documents as may be reasonably requested by the 280G Firm, and otherwise cooperate with the 280G Firm in connection with the preparation and issuance of the determinations and calculations contemplated by this Agreement. The fees and expenses of the 280G Firm for its services in connection with the determinations and calculations contemplated by this Agreement will be borne solely by the Company. 

Employment Terms . As a condition to your employment with the Company, you are required to (a) sign and return a satisfactory I-9 Immigration form providing sufficient documentation establishing your employment eligibility in the United States, and (b) provide satisfactory proof of your identity as required by United States law. 

Other Agreements. You represent and agree that your performance of your duties for the Company shall not violate any agreements, obligations or understandings that you may have with any third party or prior employer. Without limiting the foregoing, you represent and agree that you are not bound by any non-compete or non-solicitation agreement or any other type of agreement that would prohibit your employment with the Company. You agree not to make any unauthorized disclosure or use, on behalf of the Company, of any confidential information belonging to any of your former employers. You also represent that you are not in unauthorized possession of any materials containing a third party s confidential and proprietary information. While employed by the Company, you will not engage in any business activity in competition with the Company nor make preparations to do so. In the event that you wish to undertake a business activity outside the scope of your employment by the Company, which activity you believe entails no conflict with the Company s activities, you agree to inform the Company of your intentions before the initiation of such outside business activity, and you furthermore agree to abide by the Company s decision as to whether or not there is no conflict. If, in the Company s sole determination, a conflict exists or is likely to develop, you agree not to undertake such outside business activity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees to your continued services to Phathom Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and further acknowledges and agrees that such continued services will not violate the terms of this Agreement. 

At-will Employment. Your employment with the Company will be at-will at all times, including after your introductory, probationary period, meaning that either you or the Company will be entitled to terminate your employment at any time and for any reason, with or without cause. Any contrary representations that may have been made to you are superseded by this offer. This Agreement in no way represents a fixed-term employment contract. This is the full and complete agreement between you and the Company on this term. Although your job duties, title, compensation and benefits, as well as the Company s personnel policies and procedures, may change from time to time, the at will nature of your 

11 

|US-DOCS\138338525.3|| 

employment may only be changed in an express written agreement signed by you and a duly authorized officer of the Company. 

Non-Interference. While employed by the Company, and for one (1) year immediately following the date on which you terminate employment or otherwise cease providing services to the Company, you agree not to interfere with the business of the Company by (a) soliciting or attempting to solicit any employee or consultant of the Company to terminate such employee s or consultant s employment or service in order to become an employee, consultant or independent contractor to or for any other person or entity or (b) soliciting or attempting to solicit any vendor, supplier, customer or other person or entity either directly or indirectly, to direct his, her or its purchase of the Company s products and/or services to any person, firm, corporation, institution or other entity in competition with the business of the Company. The foregoing restrictions shall not apply with respect to the bona fide hiring and firing of Company personnel to the extent such acts are part of your duties for Company. Your duties under this paragraph shall survive termination of your employment with the Company and the termination of this Agreement. 

Reasonableness of Terms. You agree that the terms contained in the Other Agreements and Non-Interference paragraphs above are reasonable in all respects and that the restrictions contained therein are designed to protect the Company against unfair competition. In the event a court determines that any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement are unreasonable, the court may limit the application of any provision or term, or modify any provision or term, and proceed to enforce this Agreement as so limited or modified. 

Governing Law; Jurisdiction and Venue. This Agreement, for all purposes, shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to conflicts-of-law principles. Any action or proceeding by either party to enforce this Agreement shall be brought only in any state or federal court located in San Diego County, California. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and waive the defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any such action or proceeding in such venue. 

Severability . Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or any other jurisdiction, but this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions had never been contained herein. 

Successors and Assigns . This Agreement is intended to bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by you and the Company, and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors and administrators, except that you may not assign any of your duties hereunder and you may not assign any of your rights hereunder, without the written consent of the Company, which shall not be withheld unreasonably. 

Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the Stock Restriction Agreement and the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement constitute the complete, final and exclusive embodiment of the entire agreement between you and the Company with respect to the terms and conditions of your employment specified herein and therein. All prior discussions and negotiations have been and are merged and integrated into, and are superseded by, this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the Prior 

12 

|US-DOCS\138338525.3|| 

Agreement. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by a written instrument signed by you and a duly authorized officer of the Company. 

13 

|US-DOCS\138338525.3|| 

If you choose to accept this Agreement under the terms described above, please acknowledge your acceptance by returning a signed copy of this letter. 
 
 Sincerely, 
 
 HilleVax, Inc. 

Name: Robert Hershberg 
 Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Agreed and Accepted: 
 
 	I have read and understood this Agreement and hereby acknowledge, accept and agree to the terms as set forth above. 

Date: 		January 6, 2023		 
 David Socks 
 
 Attachments:		Consulting Agreement 
 			Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement 

14 

|US-DOCS\138338525.3|| 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 Consulting Agreement 

15 

|US-DOCS\138338525.3|| 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement 
 
 16 

|US-DOCS\138338525.3|| 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 6
 hlvx-ex10_9.htm
 EX-10.9

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.9 
 HILLEVAX, INC. 

January 6, 2023 
 
 Shane Maltbie 	 
 
 Re:	Amended and Restated Employment Offer Letter 
 Dear Shane: 
 	HilleVax, Inc. (the Company is pleased to continue to offer you a position on the terms set forth in this amended and restated offer letter (this Agreement ). This Agreement is entered into effective January 6, 2023 and amends and restates in its entirety the offer letter between the Company and you that was dated November 16, 2021 (the Prior Agreement ). 
 Duties . You shall serve and shall perform such duties as are customarily associated with the position of Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer and such other duties as are assigned to you by your supervisor, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the Supervising Officer ). Your job duties and responsibilities may change from time to time, without advance notice, in the sole discretion of the Company. You shall perform your services on a full-time basis from the Company s offices in the Greater Boston, Massachusetts area. This is an exempt position. You shall devote your full working time and attention to the business affairs of the Company. 

E XCLUSIVE S ERVICES . During the term of your employment, you shall devote your full working time and attention to the business affairs of the Company. Subject to the terms of the Company s form of Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement, as described below, this shall not preclude you from (a) devoting time to personal and family investments, (b) participating in industry associations, or (c) serving on professional, educational, community and civic boards, provided such activities do not interfere with your duties to the Company, as determined in good faith by the Supervising Officer. You agree that you will not join any boards, other than professional, educational, community and civic boards (which do not interfere with your duties to the Company), without the prior approval of the Supervising Officer, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, and that you shall be limited to service on two outside boards, other than professional, educational, community and civic boards. 

Compensation. Your initial compensation will be as follows: 

o Base Salary. Effective January 1, 2023, you will receive an annual base salary of 430,000 for all hours worked, less taxes, authorized withholdings and other legally required deductions. You will be paid in accordance with the Company s customary payroll procedures as established and modified from time-to-time. 

o Annual Bonus . In addition to your base salary, you may be eligible to earn, for each fiscal year of the Company ending during the term of your employment with the Company, an annual cash performance bonus under the Company s bonus plan, as approved from time to time by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ). Your target annual bonus will be forty percent (40 of your base salary actually paid for the year to which such annual bonus relates (the Target Bonus ). Your actual annual bonus will be determined on the basis of your and/or the Company s attainment of financial or other performance criteria established by the Board or its designee in accordance with the terms and conditions of such bonus 

1 

|US-DOCS\138581475.1|| 

plan. You must be employed by the Company on the date of payment of such annual bonus in order to be eligible to receive such annual bonus. You hereby acknowledge and agree that nothing contained herein confers upon you any right to an annual bonus in any year, and that whether the Company pays you an annual bonus and the amount of any such annual bonus will be determined by the Company in its sole discretion. 

o Benefits . You shall be eligible to participate in all of the employee benefit plans or programs the Company generally makes available to similarly situated employees, pursuant to the terms and conditions of such plans. You will also be entitled to vacation and/or paid time off each year in accordance with Company policy and all holidays observed by the Company each year. The Company reserves the right to change compensation and benefits provided to its employees from time to time in its discretion. 

o Withholding . All amounts payable to you will be subject to appropriate payroll deductions and withholdings. 

Expenses. You will be entitled to reimbursement for all ordinary and reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses which are reasonably incurred by you in furtherance of the Company s business, with appropriate documentation and in accordance with the Company s standard policies. 

S EVERANCE . 

o A CCRUED O BLIGATIONS . If your employment terminates for any reason, you are entitled to your fully earned but unpaid base salary, through the date such termination is effective at the rate then in effect, and all other amounts or benefits to which you are entitled under any compensation, retirement or benefit plan of the Company at the time of your termination of employment in accordance with the terms of such plans, including, without limitation, any accrued but unpaid paid time off and any continuation of benefits required by applicable law (the Accrued Obligation s ). 

o N ON -CIC S EVERANCE B ENEFITS . In addition to your Accrued Obligations, subject to your continued compliance with the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement, as described below, and the effectiveness of your Release, as defined below, if your employment is involuntarily terminated by the Company without Cause (and other than by reason of your death or disability) or you resign for Good Reason (either such termination, a Qualifying Termination ), and such Qualifying Termination does not occur during the Change in Control Period (as defined below), you shall be entitled to receive, as the sole severance benefits to which you are entitled, the benefits provided below (the Non-CIC Severance Benefits ): 

An amount equal to 9 months base salary (at the rate in effect immediately prior to the date of your termination of employment, or in the case of a material diminution in your base salary which would give rise to Good Reason for your resignation, the base salary in effect prior to such material diminution), which amount will be paid over a period of 

2 

|US-DOCS\138581475.1|| 

9 months following your termination of employment in accordance with the Company's standard payroll practices, with the first such installment occurring on the first regularly-scheduled payroll date following the date your Release becomes effective (which first installment will include any installments that would have occurred prior to such date but for the fact your Release was not yet effective); provided, if upon your termination you are also eligible for Garden Leave Payments under the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement (as such term is defined therein), then, in each pay period any base pay provided in this subsection will be reduced by the amount of such Garden Leave Payments paid in such pay period; 

An amount equal to your Target Bonus for the calendar year in which your termination date occurs, prorated for the portion of the calendar year in which your termination date occurs that has elapsed prior to such termination, plus any unpaid annual bonus for the calendar year prior to the year in which your Qualifying Termination occurs, to the extent you are entitled to such bonus and if such bonus has not already been paid, which amount(s) will be paid in a lump sum on the first regularly- scheduled payroll date following the date your Release becomes effective, but in no event more than 75 days following your termination date; 

For the 9 month period beginning on the date of your termination of employment (or, if earlier, (a) the date on which the applicable continuation period under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended COBRA expires, or (b) the date on which you become eligible to receive the equivalent or increased healthcare coverage by means of subsequent employment or self- employment) (such period, the COBRA Coverage Period ), if you and/or your eligible dependents who were covered under the Company s health insurance plans as of the date of your termination of employment elect to have COBRA coverage and are eligible for such coverage, the Company shall pay for or reimburse you on a monthly basis for an amount equal to (i) the monthly premium you and/or your covered dependents, as applicable, are required to pay for continuation coverage pursuant to COBRA for you and/or your eligible dependents, as applicable, who were covered under the Company s health plans as of the date of your termination of employment (calculated by reference to the premium as of the date of your termination of employment) less (ii) the amount you would have had to pay to receive group health coverage for you and/or your covered dependents, as applicable, based on the cost sharing levels in effect on the date of your termination of employment. If any of the Company s health benefits are self-funded as of the date of your termination of employment, or if the Company cannot provide the foregoing benefits in a manner that is exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), or that is otherwise compliant with applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), instead of providing the 

3 

|US-DOCS\138581475.1|| 

payments or reimbursements as set forth above, the Company shall instead pay to you the foregoing monthly amount as a taxable monthly payment for the COBRA Coverage Period (or any remaining portion thereof). You shall be solely responsible for all matters relating to continuation of coverage pursuant to COBRA, including, without limitation, the election of such coverage and the timely payment of premiums. You shall notify the Company immediately if you become eligible to receive the equivalent or increased healthcare coverage by means of subsequent employment or self-employment; and 

Notwithstanding anything else set forth herein, in the Company s equity plan or in any award agreement, such number of the unvested Stock Awards (as defined below) then held by you will vest on the effective date of your Release as would have vested during the 9-month period following your Qualifying Termination had you remained employed by the Company during such period. The foregoing provisions are hereby deemed to be a part of each Stock Award and to supersede any less favorable provision in any agreement or plan regarding such Stock Award. 

o CIC S EVERANCE B ENEFITS . In addition to your Accrued Obligations, subject to your continued compliance with the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement, as described below, and the effectiveness of your Release, if your Qualifying Termination occurs during the Change in Control Period, you shall be entitled to receive, as the sole severance benefits to which you are entitled and in lieu of any Non-CIC Severance Benefits, the benefits provided below (the CIC Severance Benefits (and for the avoidance of doubt: (a) in no event will you be entitled to both the Non-CIC Severance Benefits and the CIC Severance Benefits, and (b) if the Company has commenced providing the Non-CIC Severance Benefits to you prior to the date that you become eligible to receive the CIC Severance Benefits, the Non-CIC Severance Benefits previously provided to you shall reduce the CIC Severance Benefits provided below by the amount of such Non-CIC Severance Benefits already provided to you): 

An amount equal to 12 months base salary (at the rate in effect immediately prior to the date of your termination of employment, or in the case of a material diminution in your base salary which would give rise to Good Reason for your resignation, the base salary in effect prior to such material diminution), which amount will be paid over a period of 12 months following your termination of employment in accordance with the Company's standard payroll practices, with the first such installment occurring on the first regularly-scheduled payroll date following the date your Release becomes effective (which first installment will include any installments that would have occurred prior to such date but for the fact your Release was not yet effective); provided, if upon your termination you are also eligible for Garden Leave Payments under the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement (as such term is defined therein), then, in each pay period any base pay provided in this 

4 

|US-DOCS\138581475.1|| 

subsection will be reduced by the amount of such Garden Leave Payments paid in such pay period; 

An amount equal to your Target Bonus for the calendar year in which your termination date occurs, plus any unpaid annual bonus for the calendar year prior to the year in which your Qualifying Termination occurs, to the extent you are entitled to such bonus and if such bonus has not already been paid, which amount(s) will be paid in a lump sum on the first regularly- scheduled payroll date following the date your Release becomes effective, but in no event more than 75 days following your termination date; 

For the 12 month period beginning on the date of your termination of employment (or, if earlier, (a) the date on which the applicable continuation period under COBRA expires, or (b) the date on which you become eligible to receive the equivalent or increased healthcare coverage by means of subsequent employment or self-employment) (such period, the CIC COBRA Coverage Period ), if you and/or your eligible dependents who were covered under the Company s health insurance plans as of the date of your termination of employment elect to have COBRA coverage and are eligible for such coverage, the Company shall pay for or reimburse you on a monthly basis for an amount equal to (i) the monthly premium you and/or your covered dependents, as applicable, are required to pay for continuation coverage pursuant to COBRA for you and/or your eligible dependents, as applicable, who were covered under the Company s health plans as of the date of your termination of employment (calculated by reference to the premium as of the date of your termination of employment) less (ii) the amount you would have had to pay to receive group health coverage for you and/or your covered dependents, as applicable, based on the cost sharing levels in effect on the date of your termination of employment. If any of the Company s health benefits are self-funded as of the date of your termination of employment, or if the Company cannot provide the foregoing benefits in a manner that is exempt from Section 409A of Code, or that is otherwise compliant with applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), instead of providing the payments or reimbursements as set forth above, the Company shall instead pay to you the foregoing monthly amount as a taxable monthly payment for the CIC COBRA Coverage Period (or any remaining portion thereof). You shall be solely responsible for all matters relating to continuation of coverage pursuant to COBRA, including, without limitation, the election of such coverage and the timely payment of premiums. You shall notify the Company immediately if you become eligible to receive the equivalent or increased healthcare coverage by means of subsequent employment or self- employment; and 

Notwithstanding anything else set forth herein, in the Company s equity plan or in any award agreement, any unvested Stock Awards then held 

5 

|US-DOCS\138581475.1|| 

by you will vest on the effective date of your Release. The foregoing provisions are hereby deemed to be a part of each Stock Award and to supersede any less favorable provision in any agreement or plan regarding such Stock Award. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, if you resign for Good Reason and are eligible for the garden leave payments under Section 6.1(c) of the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement, then, during any pay period during the severance period described above during which you are eligible to be paid a cash severance payment as described in the first bullet above under this CIC Severance Benefits section, such cash severance payment shall be reduced by the amount of any such garden leave payments in each such pay period. 

o As a condition to your receipt of any post-termination payments and benefits pursuant to the preceding paragraphs, you shall execute and not revoke a separation agreement containing a release of all claims in favor of the Company, a post-termination non-competition covenant generally consistent with Section 6.1(a) of the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement, and other customary terms (the Release ), in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company in order to effectuate a valid general release of claims. In the event the Release does not become effective within the 60-day period following the date of your termination of employment, you will not be entitled to the aforesaid payments and benefits. 

o For purposes of this Agreement, Cause means any of the following: (a) your commission of an act of fraud, embezzlement or dishonesty, or the commission of some other illegal act by you, that has a demonstrable adverse impact on the Company or any successor or affiliate thereof; (b) your conviction of, or plea of guilty or no contest to, a non-vehicular felony or any crime involving fraud, dishonesty or moral turpitude under the laws of the United States or any state thereof; (c) any intentional, unauthorized use or disclosure by you of confidential information or trade secrets of the Company or any successor or affiliate thereof; (d) your gross negligence, insubordination or material violation of any duty of loyalty to the Company or any successor or affiliate thereof, or any other demonstrable material misconduct on your part; (e) your ongoing and repeated failure or refusal to perform or neglect of your duties as required by this Agreement or your ongoing and repeated failure or refusal to comply with the lawful instructions given to you by the Board, which failure, refusal or neglect continues for 15 days following your receipt of written notice from the Board stating with specificity the nature of such failure, refusal or neglect; provided that it is understood that this clause (e) shall not permit the Company to terminate your employment for Cause solely because of (i) your failure to meet specified performance objectives or achieve a specific result or outcome, or (ii) Company s dissatisfaction with the quality of services provided by you in the good faith performance of your duties to the Company; or (f) your willful, material breach of any material Company policy or any material provision of this Agreement or the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement. Prior to the 

6 

|US-DOCS\138581475.1|| 

determination that Cause under clauses (d), (e) or (f) has occurred, the Company shall (i) provide to you in writing, in reasonable detail, the reasons for the determination that such Cause exists, (ii) other than with respect to clause (e) above which specifies the applicable period of time for you to remedy your breach, afford you a reasonable opportunity to remedy any such breach, (iii) provide you an opportunity to be heard prior to the final decision to terminate your employment hereunder for such Cause and (iv) make any decision that such Cause exists in good faith. The foregoing definition shall not in any way preclude or restrict the right of the Company or any successor or affiliate thereof to discharge or dismiss you for any other acts or omissions, but such other acts or omissions shall not be deemed, for purposes of this Agreement, to constitute grounds for termination for Cause. 

o For purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control shall mean (a) a merger or consolidation of the Company with or into any other corporation or other entity or person, (b) a sale, lease, exchange or other transfer in one transaction or a series of related transactions of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, or (c) any other transaction, including the sale by the Company of new shares of its capital stock or a transfer of existing shares of capital stock of the Company, the result of which is that a third party that is not an affiliate of the Company or its stockholders (or a group of third parties not affiliated with the Company or its stockholders) immediately prior to such transaction acquires or holds capital stock of the Company representing a majority of the Company s outstanding voting power immediately following such transaction; provided that the following events shall not constitute a Change in Control : (i) a transaction (other than a sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets) in which the holders of the voting securities of the Company immediately prior to the merger or consolidation hold, directly or indirectly, at least a majority of the voting securities in the successor corporation or its parent immediately after the merger or consolidation; (ii) a sale, lease, exchange or other transaction in one transaction or a series of related transactions of all or substantially all of the Company s assets to an affiliate of the Company; (iii) an initial public offering of any of the Company s securities or any other transaction or series of related transactions principally for bona fide equity financing purposes; (iv) a reincorporation of the Company solely to change its jurisdiction; or (v) a transaction undertaken for the primary purpose of creating a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportion by the persons who held the Company s securities immediately before such transaction. If a Change in Control would give rise to a payment or settlement event with respect to any payment or benefit that constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation, the transaction or event constituting the Change in Control must also constitute a change in control event (as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)) in order to give rise to the payment or settlement event for such payment or benefit, to the extent required by Section 409A. 

o For purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control Period means the 24 months following a Change in Control. 

o For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason means any of the following without your written consent: (a) a material diminution in your authority, duties or 

7 

|US-DOCS\138581475.1|| 

responsibilities; (b) a material diminution in your base compensation (and you and the Company agree that any diminution of 10 or more shall be considered material for this purpose, regardless of whether such diminution occurs due to a single reduction or a series of reductions in your base compensation), unless such a reduction is imposed across-the-board to senior management of the Company; (c) a material change in the geographic location at which you must perform your duties (and you and the Company agree that a relocation of the geographic location at which you must perform your duties to a location that increases your one-way commute from your residence by more than 50 miles as compared to your principal place of employment prior to such relocation shall be considered material for this purpose); or (d) any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by the Company or any successor or affiliate of its obligations to you under this Agreement. You must provide written notice to the Company of the occurrence of any of the foregoing events or conditions without your written consent within 60 days of the occurrence of such event. The Company or any successor or affiliate shall have a period of 30 days to cure such event or condition after receipt of written notice of such event from you. Your termination of employment by reason of resignation from employment with the Company for Good Reason must occur within 30 days following the expiration of the foregoing 30-day cure period. 

o For purposes of this Agreement, Stock Awards means all stock options, restricted stock and such other awards granted pursuant to the Company s stock option and equity incentive award plans or agreements and any shares of stock issued upon exercise thereof. 

o To the extent applicable, this Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A of the Code and Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder. The intent of the parties is that payments and benefits under this Agreement comply with, or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted to be in compliance with such intention. To the extent that any provision in this Agreement is ambiguous as to its compliance with or exemption from Section 409A of the Code, the provision shall be read in such a manner that no payments payable under this Agreement shall be subject to an additional tax as defined in Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code. For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, any right to a series of installment payments under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. For purposes of this Agreement, all references to your termination of employment shall mean your separation from service (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)) Separation from Service ). If you are a specified employee (as defined in Section 409A of the Code), as determined by the Company in accordance with Section 409A of the Code, on the date of your Separation from Service, to the extent that the payments or benefits under this Agreement are non-qualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code and the delayed payment or distribution of all or any portion of such amounts to which you are entitled under this Agreement is required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, then such portion deferred pursuant to this paragraph shall be paid or distributed to 

8 

|US-DOCS\138581475.1|| 

you in a lump sum on the earlier of (a) the date that is 6 months and one day following your Separation from Service, (b) the date of your death or (c) the earliest date as is permitted under Section 409A of the Code. Any remaining payments due under this Agreement shall be paid as otherwise provided herein. 

o To the extent that the payments or benefits under this Agreement are non- qualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, if the period during which you may deliver the Release required hereunder spans two calendar years, the payment of your post-termination benefits shall occur (or commence) on the later of (a) January 1 of the second calendar year, or (b) the first regularly-scheduled payroll date following the date your Release becomes effective. 

o Any reimbursement of expenses or in-kind benefits payable under this Agreement shall be made in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(1)(iv) and shall be paid on or before the last day of your taxable year following the taxable year in which you incurred the expenses. The amount of expenses reimbursed or in-kind benefits payable in one year shall not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits payable in any other taxable year of yours, and your right to reimbursement for such amounts shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for any other benefit. 

Company Policies And Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement. As an employee of the Company, you shall be expected to abide by all of the Company s policies and procedures and the Company s employee handbook, if any. You and the Company have entered into a Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit A , which shall survive termination of your employment with the Company and the termination of the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement. You reaffirm your obligations under the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement and acknowledge that a remedy at law for any breach or threatened breach by you of the provisions of the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement would be inadequate, and you therefore agree that the Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief in case of any such breach or threatened breach. Any references in your Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement to the Prior Agreement shall be deemed to be amended to refer to this Agreement. The Company may modify, revoke, suspend or terminate any of the terms, plans, policies and/or procedures described in the employee handbook, if any, or as otherwise communicated to you, in whole or part, at any time, with or without notice. 

Best Pay Provision. 

o In the event that any payment or benefit received or to be received by you pursuant to the terms of any plan, arrangement or agreement (including any payment or benefit received in connection with a change in ownership or control or the termination of your employment) (all such payments and benefits being hereinafter referred to as the Total Payments would be subject (in whole or part) to the excise tax (the Excise Tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code, then the Total Payments shall be reduced to the extent necessary so that no portion of the Total Payments is subject to the Excise Tax but only if (i) the net amount of such Total Payments, as so reduced (after subtracting the amount of federal, state and local income taxes on such reduced Total Payments and after taking into account the phase out of itemized deductions and personal exemptions 

9 

|US-DOCS\138581475.1|| 

attributable to such reduced Total Payments) is greater than or equal to (ii) the net amount of such Total Payments without such reduction (after subtracting the net amount of federal, state and local income taxes on such Total Payments and the amount of Excise Tax to which you would be subject in respect of such unreduced Total Payments and after taking into account the phase out of itemized deductions and personal exemptions attributable to such unreduced Total Payments). Except to the extent that an alternative reduction order would result in a greater economic benefit to you on an after-tax basis, the parties intend that the Total Payments shall be reduced in the following order: (w) reduction of any cash severance payments otherwise payable to you that are exempt from Section 409A of the Code, (x) reduction of any other cash payments or benefits otherwise payable to you that are exempt from Section 409A of the Code, but excluding any payment attributable to the acceleration of vesting or payment with respect to any equity award that is exempt from Section 409A of the Code, (y) reduction of any other payments or benefits otherwise payable to you on a pro-rata basis or such other manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code, but excluding any payment attributable to the acceleration of vesting and payment with respect to any equity award that is exempt from Section 409A of the Code, and (z) reduction of any payments attributable to the acceleration of vesting or payment with respect to any equity award that is exempt from Section 409A of the Code; provided, in case of clauses (x), (y) and (z), that reduction of any payments or benefits attributable to the acceleration of vesting of Company equity awards shall be first applied to equity awards with later vesting dates; provided, further, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such reduction shall be undertaken in a manner that complies with and does not result in the imposition of additional taxes on you under Section 409A of the Code. The foregoing reductions shall be made in a manner that results in the maximum economic benefit to you on an after-tax basis and, to the extent economically equivalent payments or benefits are subject to reduction, in a pro rata manner. 

o All determinations regarding the application of the paragraph above shall be made by an independent accounting firm or consulting group with nationally recognized standing and substantial expertise and experience in performing calculations regarding the applicability of Section 280G of the Code and the Excise Tax retained by the Company prior to the date of the applicable change in ownership or control (the 280G Firm ). For purposes of determining whether and the extent to which the Total Payments will be subject to the Excise Tax, (i) no portion of the Total Payments shall be taken into account which (x) does not constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code (including by reason of Section 280G(b)(4)(A) of the Code) and, in calculating the Excise Tax, or (y) constitutes reasonable compensation for services actually rendered, within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(4)(B) of the Code, in excess of the base amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) allocable to such reasonable compensation, (ii) no portion of the Total Payments the receipt or enjoyment of which you shall have waived at such time and in such manner as not to constitute a payment within the meaning of Section 280G(b) of the Code shall be taken into account, and (iii) the value of any non-cash benefit or any deferred payment or benefit included in the Total Payments shall be determined by the 280G Firm in accordance with the principles of Sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the Code. All determinations related to the calculations to be performed pursuant to this Best Pay Provision section shall be done by the 280G Firm. The 280G Firm will be directed to submit its determination and detailed supporting calculations to both you and the Company within fifteen (15) days after notification from 

10 

|US-DOCS\138581475.1|| 

either the Company or you that you may receive payments which may be parachute payments. You and the Company will each provide the 280G Firm access to and copies of any books, records, and documents as may be reasonably requested by the 280G Firm, and otherwise cooperate with the 280G Firm in connection with the preparation and issuance of the determinations and calculations contemplated by this Agreement. The fees and expenses of the 280G Firm for its services in connection with the determinations and calculations contemplated by this Agreement will be borne solely by the Company. 

Employment Terms . As a condition to your employment with the Company, you are required to (a) sign and return a satisfactory I-9 Immigration form providing sufficient documentation establishing your employment eligibility in the United States, and (b) provide satisfactory proof of your identity as required by United States law. 

Other Agreements. You represent and agree that your performance of your duties for the Company shall not violate any agreements, obligations or understandings that you may have with any third party or prior employer. Without limiting the foregoing, you represent and agree that you are not bound by any non-compete or non-solicitation agreement or any other type of agreement that would prohibit your employment with the Company. You agree not to make any unauthorized disclosure or use, on behalf of the Company, of any confidential information belonging to any of your former employers. You also represent that you are not in unauthorized possession of any materials containing a third party s confidential and proprietary information. While employed by the Company, you will not engage in any business activity in competition with the Company nor make preparations to do so. In the event that you wish to undertake a business activity outside the scope of your employment by the Company, which activity you believe entails no conflict with the Company s activities, you agree to inform the Company of your intentions before the initiation of such outside business activity, and you furthermore agree to abide by the Company s decision as to whether or not there is no conflict. If, in the Company s sole determination, a conflict exists or is likely to develop, you agree not to undertake such outside business activity. 

At-will Employment. Your employment with the Company will be at-will at all times, including after your introductory, probationary period, meaning that either you or the Company will be entitled to terminate your employment at any time and for any reason, with or without cause. Any contrary representations that may have been made to you are superseded by this offer. This Agreement in no way represents a fixed-term employment contract. This is the full and complete agreement between you and the Company on this term. Although your job duties, title, compensation and benefits, as well as the Company s personnel policies and procedures, may change from time to time, the at will nature of your employment may only be changed in an express written agreement signed by you and a duly authorized officer of the Company. 

Non-Interference. While employed by the Company, and for one (1) year immediately following the date on which you terminate employment or otherwise cease providing services to the Company, you agree not to interfere with the business of the Company by (a) soliciting or attempting to solicit any employee or consultant of the Company to terminate such employee s or consultant s employment or service in order to become an employee, consultant or independent contractor to or for any other person or entity or (b) soliciting or attempting to solicit any vendor, supplier, customer or other person or entity either directly or indirectly, to direct his, her or its purchase of the Company s products and/or services to any person, firm, corporation, institution or other entity in competition with the business of the Company. The foregoing restrictions shall not apply with respect to the bona fide hiring and firing of Company personnel to the extent such acts are part of your duties for Company. Your duties under this 

11 

|US-DOCS\138581475.1|| 

paragraph shall survive termination of your employment with the Company and the termination of this Agreement. 

Reasonableness of Terms. You agree that the terms contained in the Other Agreements and Non-Interference paragraphs above are reasonable in all respects and that the restrictions contained therein are designed to protect the Company against unfair competition. In the event a court determines that any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement are unreasonable, the court may limit the application of any provision or term, or modify any provision or term, and proceed to enforce this Agreement as so limited or modified. 

Governing Law; Jurisdiction and Venue. This Agreement, for all purposes, shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without regard to conflicts-of-law principles. Any action or proceeding by either party to enforce this Agreement shall be brought only in any state or federal court located in Boston, Massachusetts. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and waive the defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any such action or proceeding in such venue. 

Severability . Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or any other jurisdiction, but this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions had never been contained herein. 

Successors and Assigns . This Agreement is intended to bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by you and the Company, and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors and administrators, except that you may not assign any of your duties hereunder and you may not assign any of your rights hereunder, without the written consent of the Company, which shall not be withheld unreasonably. 

Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement constitute the complete, final and exclusive embodiment of the entire agreement between you and the Company with respect to the terms and conditions of your employment specified herein and therein. This Agreement and the Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement supersede any other such promises, obligations, warranties, representations or agreements between you and the Company, and you agree that any and all such prior promises, obligations, warranties, representations and agreements are hereby terminated, including, without limitation, any consulting agreement between you and the Company, with the exception of any confidentiality, inventions assignment, nonsolicitation or other restrictive covenants set forth in such consulting agreement, which shall survive the termination of such agreement. All prior discussions and negotiations have been and are merged and integrated into, and are superseded by, this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the Prior Agreement. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by a written instrument signed by you and a duly authorized officer of the Company. 

12 

|US-DOCS\138581475.1|| 

If you choose to accept this Agreement under the terms described above, please acknowledge your acceptance by returning a signed copy of this letter. 
 
 Sincerely, 
 
 HilleVax, Inc. 

Name:	Rob Hershberg 
 Title: 	CEO 
 
 Agreed and Accepted: 
 
 	I have read and understood this Agreement and hereby acknowledge, accept and agree to the terms as set forth above and further acknowledge. 

Date: 	January 6, 2023				 
 Shane Maltbie 
 
 Attachments:		Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement 

13 

|US-DOCS\138581475.1|| 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement 
 
 14 

|US-DOCS\138581475.1|| 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 7
 hlvx-ex10_10.htm
 EX-10.10

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.10 
 6 January 2023 
 Amended and Restated EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 between 
 HilleVax GmbH 
 c/o Lenz Staehelin Aktiengesellschaft 
 Brandschenkstrasse 24 
 8027 Zurich 
 (the Company 
 and 
 Astrid Borkowski 
 (the Employee 
 
 1. Position and Responsibilities 

The Employee is employed as Chief Medical Officer of the Company. 
 The Company has the right to assign other duties and responsibilities to the Employee which are in accordance with the Employee s education and skills. 
 The principal place of work is Zurich. Based on her position as Chief Medical Officer, the Employee will be required to perform some of her functions and activities in a place other than the principal place of work. In particular, the Employee agrees to perform some of her services at the offices of the Company s parent entity, Hillevax, Inc. (the Parent in the Greater Boston area in Massachusetts, USA, where she is expected to work approximately two weeks out of every month. 
 
 2. Reporting 

The Employee shall report to the chief executive officer of HilleVax, Inc. (the Chief Executive Officer ). 
 
 3. Conflicts of Interests 

The Employee shall not engage in any activities which might lead to a conflict of interests with respect to her position with the Company or the Parent. 
 In particular, the Employee shall refrain from operating, working for, or participating in any business which competes with the Company or the Parent. 
 
 |US-DOCS\138581484.1|| 
 
 Investments in companies competing or doing business with the Company are subject to the prior consent of the Parent. 
 
 4. Effective Date and Term 

This Agreement, as amended and restated, is effective as of January 6, 2023. This Agreement is concluded for an indefinite term. It may be terminated by either party upon nine months notice, effective as of the end of the month. 
 
 5. Working Hours, Part-Time Activities 

The Employee shall devote her full working capacity exclusively to the Company. 
 The Employee shall not engage in any professional part-time activities, whether or not remunerated, without prior written consent of the Parent. 
 Other part-time activities require the written consent of the Parent if they involve the use of the Company s infrastructure and/or personnel. 
 
 6. Base Salary 

Effective January 1, 2023, the Employee s gross base salary amounts to CHF 495,000 per year, payable in 12 monthly installments at the end of each month. This amount includes all compensation for overtime. 
 
 7. Discretionary Annual Bonus 

The Employee may receive an annual target bonus of 45 of the annual base salary. The terms regarding eligibility and payment of any bonus shall be in the absolute discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 8. Equity Incentive Plan 

The Employee was granted a number of shares of the Parent s common stock equal to 1 of the outstanding capital stock of Parent (fully diluted) as of the date of grant (the Shares ). The Shares were granted pursuant to, and are subject to the terms and conditions of, a restricted stock agreement made as of March 8, 2021 between the Parent and the Employee (the Restricted Stock Agreement ). In particular, the Shares are subject to repurchase by the Parent in the constellations and pursuant to the terms as set out in the Restricted Stock Agreement (the Repurchase Option ). In accordance therewith, the Shares will be released from the Repurchase Option over a four year schedule, with 25 of the Shares being released on the first anniversary of the Restriction Commencement Date, as defined in the Restricted Stock Agreement, and the remaining portion of the Shares being released in 36 monthly instalments thereafter. 

|US-DOCS\138581484.1|| 
 
 9. Expenses 

The Company shall cover all reasonable expenses (travel and hotel expenses, expenses for client invitations etc.) which arise in connection with the Employee s activities for the Company. The reimbursement of expenses is made against presentation of the relevant receipts. 
 
 10. Social Security Contributions 

The Employee and the Company shall each pay half of the contributions for AHV (Old Age and Survivors Insurance), IV (Invalidity Insurance), EO (Loss of Earnings) and ALV (Unemployment Insurance). The Employee s contributions are deducted by the Company from her gross salary. 
 
 11. Pension Plan 

The Employee shall participate in the Company s pension plan. The contributions and the benefits are determined by the rules and regulations of the pension plan, which will be established by the Company in due course. The Employee s contributions are deducted by the Company from her gross salary. 
 
 12. Illness 

In case of the Employee s inability to perform her duties under this Agreement due to illness, the Employee shall receive her salary according to the terms and conditions of the insurance for loss of earnings due to illness. The Company shall bear the costs for the insurance premiums. 
 If an insurance for loss of earnings due to illness has not been entered into, the continuation of pay is determined by Art. 324a of the Swiss Code of Obligations. 
 
 13. Accident 

The Employee is insured for occupational as well as non-occupational accidents. The Company shall bear the costs for the insurance premiums. 
 
 14. Maternity Leave 

During maternity leave, the Company shall pay to the Employee the compensation for a period of 16 weeks. 
 The Employee s compensation entitlement is determined in accordance with the Federal Law on Loss of Earnings and any relevant cantonal regulations. 
 15. Vacation 

The Employee is entitled to 4 weeks of paid vacation (20 working days) per year. 
 
 |US-DOCS\138581484.1|| 
 
 The vacation dates shall be subject to the prior approval of the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 16. Confidentiality, Trade Secrets 

Due to her position within the Company, the Employee will have access to manufacturing and business secrets as well as to the Company s customer data. All manufacturing or trade secrets including customer base, technical, organizational and financial information and all other information directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or to the business of any customer of the Company, which is disclosed to the Employee by the Company or any of its employees and of which the Employee becomes aware during the employment with the Company, shall be treated as confidential information. At all times, both during the employment and after the termination thereof, the Employee shall keep such information confidential and shall refrain from disclosing it or using it in any way for her own benefit or for the benefit of any person other than the Company. 
 
 17. Intellectual Property Rights 

Inventions, designs, developments and improvements which the Employee makes in performing her services for the Company and in fulfillment of her contractual duties or to which the Employee contributes belong to the Company, regardless of their protectability. 
 Inventions and designs which the Employee makes in performing her services for the Company but not in performing her contractual duties or to which the Employees contributes are assigned to the Company without further formalities. The Employee shall inform the Company of such inventions or designs. The Company shall inform the Employee in writing within 6 months whether it wishes to keep the rights to the invention or the design or to release them to the Employee. In case that the invention or the design is not released to the Employee, the Company shall pay her an appropriate compensation within the meaning of Art. 332 (4) of the Swiss Code of Obligations. 
 Any copyrights (drafts, models, plans, drawings, texts) which the Employee creates in performing her services for the Company, whether or not in performing her contractual duties, including the right to uses not yet known at this time, are transferred completely and exclusively to the Company. 
 The Employee agrees to immediately inform the Company in writing about the creation of all intellectual property rights of the kind mentioned in paragraphs 1 to 3 above. The Employee further agrees to issue all statements and provide all documents the Company may require to claim, enforce and/or exercise the afore-mentioned rights. 
 
 18. Non-Competition 

During the term of employment and for a period of one year immediately following the termination of such employment (the Non-Competition Restricted Period ), the Employee will not in the territory of Switzerland and Germany, directly or indirectly, for her own benefit or for the benefit of any other individual or entity other than the Company: (i) operate, conduct, or engage in, or prepare to operate, conduct, or engage in the business; 
 
 |US-DOCS\138581484.1|| 
 
 (ii) own, finance, or invest in (except as the holder of not more than one percent of the outstanding stock of a publicly-held company) any business, or (iii) participate in, render services to, or assist any person or entity that engages in or is preparing to engage in the business in any capacity (whether as an employee, consultant, contractor, partner, officer, director, or otherwise) (x) which involves the same or similar types of services that the Employee performed for the Company at any time during the last two years of her employment with the Company or (y) in which the Employee could reasonably be expected to use or disclose confidential information. 
 In case of violation of this non-competition clause, the Employee shall pay to the Company liquidated damages in an amount of 50 of the annual base salary for each instance of violation. The payment of liquidated damages shall not discharge the Employee from observing this non-competition undertaking. 
 In addition to the payment of liquidated damages and further damages incurred by the Company, the Company shall have the right to request Employee, by way of specific performance, to cease any activity which violates this non-competition provision and to apply to the courts for provisional measures (injunctive relief). 
 
 19. Compensation for Non-Compete 

For the term of the post-contractual non-compete according to Section 19 the Company shall pay to the Employee a monthly compensation equal to 100 of her monthly gross salary. 
 The Company may at any time until the last day of employment waive compliance with the post-contractual non-compete. In this case no compensation will be owed to the Employee. Following the termination date the Company may only waive compliance with the non-compete subject to a notice period of three months. 
 The Company shall have the right to deduct from its compensation any income which the Employee receives during the non-compete as salary or from any self-employed activity. For this purpose, the Employee upon request of the Company shall disclose and document her income either from a new employment or from any self-employed activity. If the Employee fails to comply with such request, she shall forego the right to any compensation, but shall remain bound by the non-compete. 
 During the term of any breach of the post-contractual non-compete, the Company shall be released from its obligation to make any compensation payment. The Employee shall reimburse the Company for any compensation that she received wrongfully. 
 
 20. Non-Solicitation 

The Employee shall for the term of one year following the termination if this Agreement not solicit any customers of the Company or of any affiliated group company to do business, provided that such business is identical, similar or otherwise competitive to the business of the Company or the Parent. 
 
 |US-DOCS\138581484.1|| 
 
 The Employee shall for a period of one year following the termination of this Agreement not solicit any employee of the Company to exercise an activity for the Employee or a third party which is identical or similar to the activities she exercised in the employ of the Company. 
 In case of violation of this non-solicitation provision, the Employee shall pay to the Company liquidated damages in an amount of 50 of the annual base salary for each breach. The payment of liquidated damages shall not discharge the Employee from complying with this non-solicitation provision. 
 In addition to the payment of liquidated damages and further damages incurred by the Company, the Company shall have the right to request the Employee, by way of specific performance, to cease any activity which is in breach of this non-solicitation provision and to apply to the courts for provisional measures (injunctive relief). 
 
 21. Data Transfer 

The Company is part of an international group of companies. For purposes of properly administrating HR related data within the group, it may be necessary for the Company to transmit personnel data to group companies or third party service providers within or outside Switzerland. The Employee expressly agrees to the transfer by the Company of her personnel data to any group company or any third party service provider that needs to access such data irrespective of whether it is based within or outside Switzerland. 
 
 22. Miscellaneous 

Amendments to this Agreement shall only be valid if made in writing. 
 
 23. Applicable Law 

This Agreement is subject to Swiss law. 
 
 24. Annexes 

The agreements and regulations attached to this Agreement, as amended from time to time, form an integral part of this Agreement. 

|US-DOCS\138581484.1|| 
 
 Place, Date: Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA 02139 

HilleVax GmbH 

Name: 
 
 Paul Bavier 

Function: 
 
 Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel, and Secretary 

Place, Date 

Astrid Borkowski 

|US-DOCS\138581484.1|| 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 8
 hlvx-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries of 
 HilleVax, Inc. 

Name 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

HilleVax Securities Corporation 
 Massachusetts 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 9
 hlvx-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-264590) pertaining to the pertaining to the Hillevax, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, Hillevax, Inc. 2022 Incentive Award Plan, and Hillevax, Inc. 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of our report dated March 17, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Hillevax, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 San Diego, California March 17, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 10
 hlvx-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Robert Hershberg, M.D., Ph.D., certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of HilleVax, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 17, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Robert Hershberg, M.D., Ph.D. 

Robert Hershberg, M.D., Ph.D. 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 11
 hlvx-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Shane Maltbie, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of HilleVax, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 17, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Shane Maltbie 

Shane Maltbie 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 12
 hlvx-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of HilleVax, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Robert Hershberg, M.D., Ph.D., as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 17, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Robert Hershberg, M.D., Ph.D. 

Robert Hershberg, M.D., Ph.D. 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 13
 hlvx-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of HilleVax, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Shane Maltbie, as Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 17, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Shane Maltbie 

Shane Maltbie 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.DEF>
 31
 hlvx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 32
 hlvx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 33
 hlvx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 34
 hlvx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 35
 hlvx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

