<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230214_10-K_edgar_data_1722482_0001722482-23-000040.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20555807</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>270537</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5794760</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6594667</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4065349</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3508608</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001722482-23-000040.hdr.sgml : 20230214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230214160819
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001722482-23-000040
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		141
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Avantor, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001722482
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LABORATORY ANALYTICAL INSTRUMENTS [3826]
		IRS NUMBER:				822758923
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38912
		FILM NUMBER:		23629145

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		RADNOR CORPORATE CENTER, BUILDING ONE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200, 100 MATSONFORD ROAD
		CITY:			RADNOR
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19087
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(610) 386-1700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		RADNOR CORPORATE CENTER, BUILDING ONE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200, 100 MATSONFORD ROAD
		CITY:			RADNOR
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19087

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Avantor, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190206

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Vail Holdco Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171113

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001722482-23-000040.txt : 20230214

10-K
 1
 avtr-20221231.htm
 10-K

avtr-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. employer identification no.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (zip code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbol Exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of common stock held by our non-affiliates at June 30, 2022 was . 
 On January 26, 2023, shares of common stock, 0.01 par value per share, were outstanding. 

Avantor, Inc. and subsidiaries 
 Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 
 Table of contents Page Glossary 
 ii 
 Cautionary factors regarding forward-looking statements 
 iv 
 PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk factors 
 10 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved staff comments 
 24 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 25 
 Item 3. 
 Legal proceedings 
 26 
 Item 4. 
 Mine safety disclosures 
 26 
 Information about our executive officers 
 27 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for registrant s common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities 
 28 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 30 
 Item 7. 
 Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 30 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk 
 45 
 Item 8. 
 Financial statements and supplementary data 
 45 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure 
 46 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and procedures 
 46 
 Item 9B. 
 Other information 
 48 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure regarding foreign jurisdictions that prevent inspections 
 48 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, executive officers and corporate governance 
 48 
 Item 11. 
 Executive compensation 
 48 
 Item 12. 
 Security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters 
 48 
 Item 13. 
 Certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence 
 48 
 Item 14. 
 Principal accountant fees and services 
 48 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and financial statement schedules 
 49 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K summary 
 54 

i 

Table of contents 

 Glossary Description we, us, our Avantor, Inc. and its subsidiaries 2019 Plan the Avantor, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, a stock-based compensation plan Adjusted EBITDA our earnings or loss before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and certain other adjustments AMEA Asia, Middle-East and Africa AOCI accumulated other comprehensive income or loss BIS the Bureau of Industry and Security CERCLA the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act cGMP Current Good Manufacturing Practice COVID-19 
 Coronavirus disease of 2019 double-digit greater than 10 DDTC Directorate of Defense Trade controls DEA Drug Enforcement Administration DHHS Department of Health and Human Service EMA European Medicines Agency EPA the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ERP enterprise resource planning system EU European Union EURIBOR the basic rate of interest used in lending between banks on the European Union interbank market FASB the Financial Accounting Standards Board of the United States FCPA the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FDA United States Food and Drug Administration GAAP United States generally accepted accounting principles GDPR the General Data Protection Regulation Goldman Sachs an investment banking firm and its affiliates high single-digit 7 - 9 ICH Q7 the International Council for Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use - Good Manufacturing Practice Guidance for Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients IPO initial public offering 
 ii 

Table of contents 

 Description ISO International Organization for Standardization or international equivalents ITAR the International Traffic In Arms Regulations LIBOR the basic rate of interest used in lending between banks on the London interbank market Long-Term period other than Short Term low single-digit 1 - 3 M A Mergers and Acquisitions MCPS 6.250 Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock mid single-digit 4 - 6 NAV Net Asset Value NuSil NuSil Acquisition Corp, NuSil Investments LLC and subsidiaries, a business organization with which we merged in 2016 NYSE the New York Stock Exchange OEM original engineering manufacturers OFAC the U.S. Department of The Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control OSHA the U.S. Occupational Safety Health Administration PPE personal protective equipment RSU restricted stock unit SEC the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SG A expenses selling, general and administrative expenses Short Term period less than a year from the reporting date SOFR secured overnight financing rate specialty procurement product sales related to customer procurement services VWR VWR Corporation and its subsidiaries, a company we acquired in November 2017 
 
 iii 

Table of contents 

 Cautionary factors regarding forward-looking statements 
 This report contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this report are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements discuss our current expectations and projections relating to our financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business. These statements may be preceded by, followed by or include the words aim, anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, forecast, intend, likely, outlook, plan, potential, project, projection, seek, can, could, may, should, would, will, the negatives thereof and other words and terms of similar meaning. 
 Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions; they are not guarantees of performance. You should not place undue reliance on these statements. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. Although we believe that our assumptions made in connection with the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you that the assumptions and expectations will prove to be correct. 
 You should understand that the following important factors, in addition to those discussed under Item 1A, Risk factors, could affect our future results and could cause those results or other outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements: 
 disruptions to our operations; 
 competition from other industry providers; 
 our ability to implement our growth strategy; 
 our ability to anticipate and respond to changing industry trends; 
 adverse trends in consumer, business, and government spending; 
 our dependence on sole or limited sources for some essential materials and components; 
 our ability to successfully value and integrate acquired businesses; 
 our products satisfaction of applicable quality criteria, specifications and performance standards; 
 our ability to maintain our relationships with key customers; 
 our ability to maintain our relationships with distributors; 
 our ability to maintain consistent purchase volumes under purchase orders; 
 our ability to maintain and develop relationships with drug manufacturers and contract manufacturing organizations; 
 the impact of new laws, regulations, or other industry standards; 
 changes in the interest rate environment that increase interest on our borrowings; 
 iv 

Table of contents 

 adverse impacts from currency exchange rates or currency controls imposed by any government in major areas where we operate or otherwise; 
 our ability to implement and improve processing systems and prevent a compromise of our information systems; 
 our ability to protect our intellectual property and avoid third-party infringement claims; 
 exposure to product liability and other claims in the ordinary course of business; 
 our ability to develop new products responsive to the markets we serve; 
 the availability of raw materials; 
 our ability to source certain of our products from certain suppliers; 
 our ability to contain costs in an inflationary environment; 
 our ability to avoid negative outcomes related to the use of chemicals; 
 our ability to maintain highly skilled employees; 
 our ability to maintain a competitive workforce; 
 adverse impact of impairment charges on our goodwill and other intangible assets; 
 fluctuations and uncertainties related to doing business outside the United States; 
 our ability to obtain and maintain required regulatory clearances or approvals may constrain the commercialization of submitted products; 
 our ability to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, or the impact of any liability or obligation imposed under such laws or regulations; 
 our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and prevent us from fulfilling our debt or contractual obligations; 
 our ability to generate sufficient cash flows or access sufficient additional capital to meet our debt obligations or to fund our other liquidity needs; and 
 our ability to maintain an adequate system of internal control over financial reporting. 
 All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. In addition, all forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligations to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise other than as required under the federal securities laws. 
 v 

Table of contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 At Avantor, everything we do is tied to our unique mission of setting science in motion to create a better world. 
 We are a leading global provider of mission-critical products and services to customers in the biopharma, healthcare, education government, and advanced technologies applied materials industries. Our business model is grounded in supporting our customers from breakthrough discovery to agile delivery and Avantor is embedded in virtually every stage of the most important research, scale-up and manufacturing activities in the industries we serve. 
 We serve as a one-stop shop, providing scientists all they need to conduct their research; materials consumables, equipment instrumentation and services specialty procurement. Our customer-centric innovation model enables us to provide solutions for some of the most demanding applications, and we leverage our comprehensive offering and access to early-stage research to identify and develop content and solutions that ultimately become specified into our customers approved production platforms. Our broad portfolio of products and services, fully integrated business model and world class, global supply chain enable us to support our customers journey every step of the way. 
 We have a number of distinctive capabilities that set us apart from other companies in our space. For example, our global footprint offers extraordinary customer access, enabling us to serve more than 300,000 customer locations in more than 180 countries around the world. 
 Our 118-year legacy began in 1904 with the founding of the J.T. Baker Chemical Company. In 2010, we were acquired by New Mountain Capital from Covidien plc. Since then, we have expanded through a series of large acquisitions which extend our global reach. In 2016, we merged with NuSil, a leading supplier of high-purity silicone products for the medical device and aerospace industries that was founded in 1985. In 2017, we acquired VWR, a global manufacturer and distributor of laboratory and production products and services founded in 1852 that now serves as our e-commerce platform. 
 Avantor, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in May 2017 in anticipation of the VWR acquisition. We completed our initial public offering through Avantor, Inc. and listed its shares on the New York Stock Exchange in May 2019. 
 In June 2021, we acquired Ritter GmbH and its affiliates, a manufacturer of high-quality robotic and liquid handling consumables used in a variety of molecular screening and diagnostic applications. In November 2021, we acquired the Masterflex bioprocessing business of Antylia Scientific. Masterflex is a leading global manufacturer of peristaltic pumps and aseptic single-use fluid transfer technologies. 
 
 1 

Table of contents 

 Business segments 
 We report financial results in three geographic segments based on customer location: the Americas, Europe and AMEA. The following chart presents the approximate mix of net sales for each of those segments during 2022: 
 
 Within each of our geographic segments, we sell materials consumables, equipment instrumentation and services specialty procurement to customers in the biopharma, healthcare, education government and advanced technologies applied materials industries. We work with customers across these sophisticated, science-driven industries that require innovation and adherence to the most demanding technical and regulatory requirements. The following charts present the approximate mix of net sales for each of these groups during 2022: 
 
 2 

Table of contents 

 Products and services 
 Our portfolio includes a comprehensive range of products and services that allows us to create customized and integrated solutions for our customers. These products and services enable our customers to achieve precise analytical results in their research, diagnostic, and quality assurance and quality control activities. More than 85 of our net sales were from product and service offerings that we consider to be recurring in nature. Our products and services are as follows: 
 Materials consumables include ultra-high purity chemicals and reagents, lab products and supplies, highly specialized formulated silicone materials, customized excipients, customized single-use assemblies, process chromatography resins and columns, analytical sample prep kits and education and microbiology and clinical trial kits, peristaltic pumps and fluid handling tips. Some of these are proprietary products that we make while others are produced by third parties; 
 Equipment instrumentation include filtration systems, virus inactivation systems, incubators, analytical instruments, evaporators, ultra-low-temperature freezers, biological safety cabinets and critical environment supplies; and 
 Services specialty procurement include onsite lab and production, clinical, equipment, procurement and sourcing and biopharmaceutical material scale-up and development services. 
 In aggregate, we provide approximately six million products and services, including high value specialty products developed to exacting purity and performance specifications. Our proprietary brands have been specified and trusted for decades. Our e-commerce platform makes it easy for customers to do business with us and enables digital marketing efforts that position us to capture new demand. All of our capabilities are underpinned by our Avantor Business System which drives execution and continuous improvement. We manufacture products that meet or exceed the demanding requirements of our customers across a number of highly-regulated industries. Our high-purity and ultra-high purity products, such as our J.T.Baker brand chemicals, are trusted by life sciences and electronic materials customers around the world and can be manufactured at purity levels as stringent as one part-per-trillion. Similarly, our NuSil brand of high-purity, customized silicones has been trusted for more than thirty years by leading medical device manufacturers and aerospace companies. 
 Each day, our onsite service associates work side-by-side with our customers to support their workflows. Our traditional service offerings focus on the needs of laboratory scientists and include procurement, logistics, chemical and equipment tracking and glassware autoclaving. In addition, we offer more complex and value-added scientific research support services such as DNA extraction, bioreactor servicing, clinical and biorepository services and compound management. More than 2,100 Avantor associates are co-located with customers, working side-by-side with their scientists every day. 
 Customers 
 We benefit from longstanding customer relationships, and approximately 40 of our 2022 net sales came from customers that have had relationships with us for 15 years or more. We also have a diverse customer base with no single end customer comprising more than 5 of net sales. 
 Suppliers 
 We sell proprietary products we make and third-party products sourced from a wide variety of product suppliers located across the globe. Our supplier relationships are based on contracts that vary in 
 3 

Table of contents 

 geographic scope, duration, product and service type, and some include exclusivity provisions. Those relationships may include distribution, sales and marketing support as well as servicing of instruments and equipment. Many of our supplier relationships have been in place for more than twenty years. 
 Sales channels 
 We reach our customers throughout the Americas, Europe and AMEA via a well-trained global sales force, comprehensive websites and targeted catalogs. Our sales force is comprised of approximately 3,700 sales and sales support professionals, including over 200 sales specialists selected for their in-depth industry and product knowledge. Our sales professionals include native speakers for each of the countries in which we operate, allowing us to have high impact interactions with our customers across the globe. 
 Our e-commerce platform plays a vital role in how we conduct business with our customers. In 2022, approximately 70 of our transactions came from our digital channels. Our websites utilize search analytics and feature personalized search tools, customer specific web solutions and enhanced data that optimize our customers online purchasing experience and better integrate our customers processes with our own. Our websites are designed to integrate acquisitions, drive geographical expansion and serve segmented market needs with ease. 
 Infrastructure 
 We have more than 200 facilities strategically located throughout the globe that include manufacturing, distribution, service, research technology and sales centers. 
 We operate over 35 global manufacturing facilities, including 12 facilities that are cGMP compliant and have been registered with the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Our facilities are strategically located in North America, Europe and the AMEA region to facilitate supply chain efficiency and proximity to customers. Our manufacturing capabilities include: (i) an ability to quickly change specifications depending on customer needs; (ii) our flexible unit operations, which allow for production scalability, from laboratory pre-clinical development to large-volume commercialization; (iii) proprietary purification technologies designed to ensure lot-to-lot consistency through ultra-low impurity levels; (iv) rigorous analytical quality control testing; and (v) robust regulatory and quality control procedures. Our global network of distribution centers gives our customers security of supply and real-time flexibility, as we can reach the majority of them within 24 hours. We also have 13 innovation centers that enable extensive collaboration and customization, critical elements for serving highly regulated, specification-driven applications. 
 Information technology 
 We have a highly automated suite of ERP systems that promote standardization and provide business insight. Our global web infrastructure provides seamless integration with our customers and suppliers. These ERP platforms support rapid development and deployment of enhancements so that we may quickly adapt to meet the technology needs of our customers and seamlessly integrate new acquisitions. We have made significant investments to implement common ERP and online platforms that enhance the customer experience and employ network and data security architecture. 
 Competition 
 We operate in a highly competitive environment with a diverse and fragmented base of competitors, many of whom focus on specific regions, customers, and/or segments. We focus on service and delivery, 
 4 

Table of contents 

 breadth of product line, customization capabilities, price, customer support, online capabilities and the ability to meet the special and local needs of our customers. 
 Competition is driven not only by the product quality and purity across industries we serve, but also by the adaptability of the supplier as a developmental and commercial partner. We rely on our scale, expertise, deep customer access, depth of product and value-added service offerings, marketing strategies and sales force, acquisition strategy, financial profile and management team to deliver superior solutions to our customers and provide extensive market channel access to our suppliers. 
 Sustainability 
 
 Our responsibility to improve the world through science is not one that we take lightly. Our Science for Goodness sustainability platform enhances our framework for creating long-term value by embedding sound environmental, social and governance practices into our business strategy. The platform also enables us to continually measure and report progress against four key commitment pillars, which are aligned with several of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. 
 
 Our sustainability is reflected in our people, the products we create, the transformative services we provide, and the integrity with which we serve our shareholders, business partners, suppliers, customers, and communities. Our efforts to build a more sustainable future include programs to monitor, measure, and set strategies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and address our waste and water footprint.In 2022, increasing our scores across 4 major rating agencies. 
 
 Employees and human capital resources 
 Our success depends on our ability to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified and diverse talent. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 14,500 employees located in over 30 different countries in a variety of roles. Approximately 6,200 of our associates were employed in the U.S. We believe that our relations with our employees are good. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 5 of our employees in North America were represented by unions, and a majority of our employees in Europe were represented by workers councils or unions. We compete in the highly competitive life sciences industry. Attracting, developing and retaining talented people in technical, marketing, sales, research and other positions is crucial to executing our strategy and our ability to compete effectively. Our ability to recruit and retain such talent depends on a number of factors, including a positive work environment and culture, compensation and benefits, talent development and career growth and opportunities, and protecting the health, safety and well-being of our associates. To that end, we invest in our associates in order to be an employer of choice with limitless opportunity. 
 Our associates reflect the communities in which we live and work, the customers we serve, and possess a broad range of thought and experiences that have helped Avantor achieve our goal of setting science in motion to create a better world. 
 People culture 
 Our values give our associates a foundation for how we want to work together. Innovation, Customer-centricity, Accountability, Respect, and Excellence are the building blocks of our company culture and send a strong message to our associates, customers, suppliers, stockholders and communities: ICARE. In addition, our executive leaders serve as sponsors of our associate-centric teams (ACTs) in support of our diversity and inclusion initiatives. ACTs are employee resource groups that foster an inclusive work environment, build connections, create community, and promote career opportunities. Based on common 
 5 

Table of contents 

 interests, backgrounds or characteristics, ACTs are open to all associates and serve as a support system to promote awareness, respect, and inclusion in the workplace. 
 
 Compensation and benefits 
 We are committed to rewarding, supporting and developing the associates who make it possible to deliver on our strategy. To that end, we offer a comprehensive total rewards program aimed at the varying health, home-life and financial needs of our diverse and global associates. Our total rewards package includes market-competitive pay, broad-based stock grants and bonuses, healthcare benefits, retirement savings plans, an employee stock purchase plan, paid time off and family leave, flexible work schedules, access to wellness programs, free physicals and flu vaccinations, and an Employee Assistance Program and other mental health services. 
 Growth and development 
 We invest significant resources to develop talent with the right capabilities to deliver the growth and innovation needed to support our strategy. We offer associates and their managers a number of tools to help in their personal and professional development, including career development plans, mentoring programs and in-house learning opportunities. These programs are underpinned by the Avantor Business System, which drives excellence in people, processes and problem solving. These consistent lean leadership practices empower associates to continuously improve and add value to our operations and customer solutions. We have aligned our performance management system through which 100 of our associates receive annual performance reviews, to support our culture of feedback to increase the focus on continuous learning and development. In the past year, we launched Career Accelerator programs focused on providing management skills training to high-performing individual contributors and early career associates in underrepresented ethnicities. We have also launched a robust, mobile-enabled online learning platform supporting the whole person, not just job-related skill building, that offers multiple formats to address varying learning preferences and ensure accessibility. 
 
 Health, safety and well-being 
 We are committed to protecting the health, safety and well-being of our associates. Our approach involves environment, health and safety professionals and process engineers who identify risks and implement behavioral solutions to prevent accidents before they occur. A robust auditing program is in place at every facility to ensure that we measure performance and drive continuous improvement. Our core areas of focus include compliance with regulatory and international requirements, active monitoring of regulatory agencies for changing requirements, partnering with operational leaders to meet Environment, Health Safety (EH S) requirements, and promoting effective communication throughout the organization. 
 Impact of COVID-19 
 The evolving COVID-19 pandemic had a significant impact on our human capital management in 2022, and we continue to be vigilant in our response by following precautionary safety guidance from credible health agencies such as the World Health Organization (WHO), Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC). A majority of our workforce worked remotely during some portion of the year. In our facilities where essential workers continued to work on-site, we continued or enhanced safety protocols and procedures to mitigate the spread of COVID-19. In addition, we offered associates a number of expanded benefits, including providing up to 10 additional days of paid time off if required to quarantine or otherwise experiencing symptoms of COVID-19, expanding access to no cost individual counseling sessions and virtual support groups under our employee assistance programs, hosting virtual wellness events and waiving 
 6 

Table of contents 

 telemedicine co-pays for all visits in 2022. Despite the effects of the pandemic, the size of our workforce remained steady in 2022, and we were able to avert employee layoffs related to the pandemic. 
 Intellectual property 
 We rely on intellectual property rights, nondisclosure and other contractual provisions and technical measures to protect our offerings, services and intangible assets. Much of our intellectual property is know-how and asset configurations that we treat as trade secrets. These proprietary rights are important to our ongoing operations. In some instances, we may license our technology to third parties or may elect to license intellectual property from others. We have applied in the United States and certain foreign countries for registration of number of trademarks, service marks and patents, some of which have been registered and issued. We also hold common law rights in various trademarks and service marks. Other than our Avantor, VWR, J.T.Baker, NuSil and Masterflex trademarks, we do not consider any particular patent, trademark, license, franchise or concession to be material to our overall business. 
 Seasonality 
 Our business is not seasonal, but some of our proprietary products have exhibited cyclical customer demand in prior periods. We believe that this is caused by factors unique to those particular product markets such as customer manufacturing schedules, inventory levels in the supply chain and government approval processes. As a result, we may see fluctuations across periods as the timing of our customers demand for these products may change. 
 Government contracts 
 We conduct business with various government agencies and government contractors. As such, we are subject to certain laws and regulations applicable to companies doing business with the government, as well as with those concerning government contracts. Failure to address or comply with these laws and regulations could harm our business by leading to a renegotiation of profits or termination of the contract at the election of the government agency. We believe we are in compliance in all material respects with such laws and regulations, and no government contract is of such a magnitude as to have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 Government regulation 
 Our facilities that engage in the manufacturing, packaging, distribution and other biopharmaceutical and biomaterials product lines, as well as many of our products themselves, are subject to extensive ongoing regulation by U.S. governmental authorities, the EMA and other global regulatory authorities. Certain of our subsidiaries are required to register with these agencies, or to apply for permits and/or licenses with, and must comply with the operating, cGMP, quality and security standards of applicable domestic and foreign regulators, including the FDA, the DEA, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, DHHS, the equivalent agencies of European Union (EU) member states, and comparable foreign, state and local agencies, as well as various accrediting bodies, each depending upon the type of operation and the locations of storage or sale of the products manufactured or services provided by those subsidiaries in the event of noncompliance. 
 In order to maintain certain certifications of quality and safety standards for our manufacturing facilities and operations, we must comply with numerous regulatory systems, standards, guidance and other requirements, as appropriate, including, but not limited to, ICH Q7, the guidelines of the International Pharmaceutical Excipients Council, European in vitro diagnostic medical device directives, U.S. 
 7 

Table of contents 

 Pharmacopeia / National Formulary, as well as the European, British, Japanese, Indian and Chinese Pharmacopeia, the Food Chemicals Codex and controlled substances regulations. 
 In addition, our operations, and some of the products we offer, are subject to a number of complex and stringent laws and regulations governing the production, handling, transportation and distribution of chemicals, drugs and other similar products. We are subject to various federal, state, local, foreign and transnational laws, regulations and recommendations, both in the U.S. and abroad, relating to safe working conditions, good laboratory and distribution practices, and the safe and proper use, transportation and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances. In addition, U.S. and international import and export laws and regulations, including those enforced by the U.S. Departments of Commerce, State and Treasury, OFAC and BIS, require us to abide by certain standards relating to the cross-border transit of finished goods, raw materials and supplies and the handling of related information. Our logistics activities must comply with the rules and regulations of the U.S. Department of Transportation, Department of Homeland Security, Department of Commerce, Department of Defense, and the Federal Aviation Administration and similar foreign agencies. We are also subject to various other laws and regulations concerning the conduct of our foreign operations, including the FCPA and other anti-bribery laws as well as laws pertaining to the accuracy of our internal books and records. 
 The costs associated with complying with the various applicable federal, state, local, foreign and transnational regulations could be significant, and the failure to comply with such legal requirements could have an adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations and financial condition. See Item 1A, Risk factors Risks related to regulation. We are subject to audits by the FDA and other similar foreign regulatory bodies. To date, we have had no instances of noncompliance that have had a material impact on our operations. 
 In addition to the regulations described above, as part of our aerospace and military offerings, we are registered with the DDTC as a manufacturer and exporter of goods controlled by ITAR, and we are subject to strict export control and prior approval requirements related to these goods. In connection with our NuSil brand products, we have one ITAR site registration and one ITAR product registration, and we maintain control systems which enable ITAR compliance. With respect to our electronics materials products, we adhere to applicable industry guidelines which set stringent quality criteria for our products, and we are subject to import and export regulations and other restrictions regarding the safe use of these products as well. 
 We are also subject to various federal, state and international laws and regulations related to privacy and data protection, including the EU s General Data Protection Regulation GDPR as well as the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA ), which became effective on January 1, 2020 (as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, which took effect on January 1, 2023, the CPRA ). The interpretation and application of data privacy, cross-border data transfers and data protection laws and regulations are often uncertain and are evolving in the U.S. and internationally, such as in the EU, China and other jurisdictions. We monitor pending and proposed legislation and regulatory initiatives to ascertain their relevance to, and potential impact on, our business and develop strategies to address regulatory trends and developments, including any required changes to our privacy and data protection compliance programs and policies. Globally, we see a growing trend toward data protection laws and regulations increasing in complexity and number, and we anticipate that our obligations will expand commensurately. 
 8 

Table of contents 

 Environmental matters 
 We are subject to various laws and governmental regulations concerning environmental, safety and health matters, including employee safety and health, in the U.S. and other countries. U.S. federal environmental legislation that affects us includes the Toxic Substances Control Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act, and CERCLA. These laws and regulations govern, among other things, air emissions, wastewater discharges, the use, handling and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, soil and groundwater contamination and the general health and safety of our associates and the communities in which we operate. We are also subject to regulation by OSHA concerning employee safety and health matters. The EPA, OSHA, and other federal and foreign or local agencies have the authority to promulgate regulations that may impact our operations. 
 Under CERCLA, and analogous statutes in local and foreign jurisdictions, current and former owners and operators of contaminated land are strictly liable for the investigation and remediation of the land and for natural resource damages that may result from releases of hazardous substances at or from the property. Liability under CERCLA and analogous laws is strict, unlimited, joint, several, retroactive, may be imposed regardless of fault and may relate to historical activities or contamination not caused by the current owner or operator. It is possible that facilities that we acquire or have acquired may expose us to environmental liabilities associated with historical site conditions that have not yet been discovered. 
 In addition to the federal environmental laws that govern our operations, various states have been delegated certain authority under the aforementioned federal statutes as well as having authority over these matters under state laws. Many state and local governments have adopted environmental and employee safety and health laws and regulations, some of which are similar to federal requirements. 
 A number of our operations involve, in varying degrees, the handling, manufacturing, use or sale of substances that are or could be classified as toxic or hazardous materials within the meaning of applicable laws. Consequently, some risk of environmental harm is inherent in our operations and products, as it is with other companies engaged in similar businesses. For additional information about environmental matters, see note 13 to our audited financial statements beginning on page F-1 of this report. 
 Available information 
 We file or furnish annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other documents with or to the SEC. The public can obtain any documents that we file with or furnish to the SEC at www.sec.gov. 
 You may also access our press releases, financial information and reports filed with or furnished to the SEC through our own website at www.avantorsciences.com. Copies of any documents on our website may be obtained free of charge, and reports filed with or furnished to the SEC will be available as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the SEC. The information found on our website is not part of this or any other report filed with or furnished to the SEC. 
 9 

Table of contents 

 Item 1A. Risk factors 
 Risks related to our business and our industry 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted, and continues to pose risks to, our business, operating results, cash flows and/or financial condition, the nature and extent of which could be material. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has affected global economies, financial markets and the overall environment in which we do business, and the extent to which it may impact our future results of operations and overall financial performance remains uncertain. Many countries including the United States implemented measures such as quarantine, shelter-in-place, curfew, travel and activity restrictions and similar isolation measures, including government orders and other restrictions on the conduct of business operations. These measures resulted in significant and unpredictable reductions or increases in demand for certain of our offerings. We experienced, and may again experience, a decline in sales activities and customer orders in certain elements of our businesses, including our education government and healthcare customer groups. The COVID-19 pandemic has also impacted our supply chain as we experienced disruptions or delays in shipments of certain raw materials used in the products we manufacture and in the finished goods that we sell globally. While many of our customers and suppliers have returned to pre-pandemic operations, uncertainty remains as to how materially COVID-19 will affect our global operations generally if these impacts persist, worsen or re-emerge over an extended period of time. Moreover, any actions we take in response to any improvements in conditions may also vary widely by geography and by business and will likely be made with incomplete information; pose the risk that such actions may prove to be premature, incorrect or insufficient; and could have a material, adverse impact on our business, operating results, cash flows and/or financial condition. 
 While conditions surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic have improved in many geographies, changes in COVID-19 infection rates regionally, nationally and globally, rapidly changing governmental directives, public health challenges and economic disruption and the duration of the foregoing, the potential impact that COVID-19 could have on the other Risk Factors described in this Risk Factors section remains unclear. 
 We refer you to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a more detailed discussion of the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and associated economic disruptions, and the actual operational and financial impacts that we have experienced to date . 
 We have been impacted by supply chain constraints and inflationary pressures 
 We have experienced challenges in sourcing certain products and raw materials as a result of global supply chain disruptions and have experienced inflationary pressures across all of our cost categories. While we have implemented pricing and productivity measures to combat these pressures, they may continue to adversely impact our results. 
 Significant interruptions in our operations could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Manufacturing, distribution, service and logistics problems can and do arise, and any such problems could have a significant impact on our operating results. Accordingly, any significant disruptions to the operations of our manufacturing or distribution centers or logistics providers for any reason, including labor relations issues, power interruptions, severe weather, fire or other circumstances beyond our control 
 10 

Table of contents 

 could cause our operating expenses to increase without coverage or compensation or seriously harm our ability to fulfill our customers orders or deliver products on a timely basis, or both. We must also maintain sufficient production capacity in order to meet anticipated customer demand, which carries fixed costs that we may not be able to offset if orders slow, which would adversely affect our operating margins. If we are unable to manufacture our products consistently, in sufficient quantities, and on a timely basis, our net sales, gross margins and our other operating results will be materially and adversely affected. Prompt shipment of our products is also very important to our business. We have experienced problems, both as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and otherwise, with, or delays in, our production, shipping and logistics capabilities that resulted in delays in our ability to ship finished products, and there can be no assurance that we will not encounter such problems in the future. If we experience significant delays in our manufacturing, shipping or logistics processes, we could damage our customer relationships, cause disruption to our customers and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 We compete in highly competitive markets. Failure to compete successfully could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We face competition across our products and the markets in which we operate. We compete on several fronts, both domestically and internationally, including competing with other companies that provide similar offerings. Competition is driven by proprietary technologies and know-how, capabilities, consistency of operational performance, quality, supply chain control, price, value and speed. Our competitors range from regional companies, which may be able to more quickly respond to customers needs because of geographic proximity, to large multinational companies, which may have greater financial, marketing, operational and research and development resources than we do. Such greater resources may allow our competitors to respond more quickly with new, alternative or emerging technologies. 
 In addition, consolidation trends in the biopharma and healthcare industries have served to create fewer customer accounts and to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, resulting in increased pricing pressures. The entry into the market by manufacturers in low-cost manufacturing locations also creates increased pricing and competitive pressures, particularly in developing markets, which may impede our goal to grow in those markets. Failure to anticipate and respond to competitors actions may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 It may be difficult for us to implement our strategies for improving growth. 
 We plan to continue expanding our commercial sales operations and scope and complexity of our business both domestically and internationally, while maintaining our commercial operations and administrative activities. For example, we intend to pursue the following growth strategies: (i) increase integration of our products and services into customers workflows; (ii) develop new products and services; (iii) expand in geographies expected to have outsized growth; (iv) continue to enhance our global online platform; (v) increase commercial excellence and operational efficiency to drive margin expansion; and (vi) pursue strategic acquisitions to expand our platform. However, our ability to manage our business and conduct our global operations while also pursuing the aforementioned growth strategies requires considerable management attention and resources and is subject to the challenges of supporting a rapidly growing business in an environment of multiple languages, cultures and customs, legal and regulatory systems, alternative dispute systems and commercial markets. 
 Our failure to implement these strategies in a cost-effective and timely manner could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 11 

Table of contents 

 Part of our growth strategy is to pursue strategic acquisitions, which will subject us to a variety of risks that could harm our business. 
 As part of our business strategy, we intend to continue to review, pursue and complete selective acquisition opportunities. There can be no assurances that we will be able to complete suitable acquisitions for a variety of reasons, including the identification of, and competition for, acquisition targets, the need for regulatory approvals, the inability of the parties to agree to the structure or purchase price of the transaction and the inability to finance the transaction on commercially acceptable terms. In addition, any completed acquisition will subject us to a variety of other risks, including: 
 acquisitions may have an adverse effect on our business relationships with existing or future suppliers and other business partners, in particular, to the extent we consummate acquisitions that vertically integrate portions of our business; 
 we may assume substantial actual or contingent liabilities, known and unknown, including environmental liabilities; 
 acquisitions may not meet our expectations of future financial performance; 
 we may experience delays or reductions in realizing expected synergies; 
 we may incur substantial unanticipated costs or encounter other problems associated with acquired businesses or devote time and capital investigating a potential acquisition and not complete the transaction; 
 we may be unable to achieve our intended objectives for the transaction; and 
 we may not be able to retain the key personnel, customers and suppliers of the acquired business 
 These factors related to our acquisition strategy, among others, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The customers we serve have experienced, and will continue to experience significant industry-related changes that could adversely affect our business. 
 Many of the customers we serve have experienced significant industry-related changes in the last several years and are expected to continue to experience significant changes, including reductions in governmental payments for biopharmaceutical products, expirations of significant patents, adverse changes in legislation or regulations regarding the delivery or pricing of general healthcare services or mandated benefits, and increased requirements on quality. General industry changes include: 
 development of large and sophisticated group purchasing organizations and on-line auction sites that increase competition for, and reduce spending on, laboratory products; 
 consolidation of biopharmaceutical companies resulting in a rationalization of research expenditures; 
 increased regulatory scrutiny over drug production requiring safer raw materials; 
 12 

Table of contents 

 customers purchasing the products that we supply directly from our suppliers; and 
 significant reductions in development and production activities. 
 Some of our customers have implemented, or may in the future implement, certain measures described above in an effort to control and reduce costs. The ability of our customers to develop new products to replace sales decreases attributable to expirations of significant patents, along with the impact of other past or potential future changes in the industries we serve, may result in our customers significantly reducing their purchases of products from us or the prices they are willing to pay for those products. While we believe we are able to adapt our business to maintain existing customer relationships and develop new customer relationships, if we are unsuccessful or untimely in these efforts, our results of operations may suffer. 
 Our offerings are highly complex, and, if our products do not satisfy applicable quality criteria, specifications and performance standards, we could experience lost sales, delayed or reduced market acceptance of our products, increased costs and damage to our reputation. 
 The high-purity materials and customized solutions we offer are highly exacting and complex due to demanding customer specifications and stringent regulatory and industry requirements. Our operating results depend on our ability to execute and, when necessary, improve our global quality control systems, including our ability to effectively train and maintain our employees with respect to quality control. A failure of our global quality control systems could result in problems with facility operations or preparation or provision of defective or non-compliant products. Nearly all of our products are subsequently incorporated into products sold to end users by our customers, and we have no control over the manufacture and production of such products. 
 Our success depends on our customers confidence that we can provide reliable, high-quality products. We believe that customers in our target markets are likely to be particularly sensitive to product defects and errors. Our reputation and the public image of our products and technologies may be impaired if our products fail to perform as expected or fail to meet applicable quality criteria, specifications or performance standards. If our products experience, or are perceived to experience, a material defect or error, this could result in loss or delay of net sales, damaged reputation, diversion of development resources, and increased insurance or warranty costs, any of which could harm our business. 
 The loss of a significant number of customers or a reduction in orders from a significant number of customers could reduce our net sales and harm our operating results. 
 Our operating results could be negatively affected by the loss of revenue from a significant number of our customers, including direct distributors and end users. Though we often include pricing and volume incentives in our contracts, our customers are generally not obligated to purchase any fixed quantities of products, and they may stop placing orders with us at any time. If a significant number of customers purchase fewer of our products, defer orders or fail to place additional orders with us, our sales could decline, and our operating results may not meet our expectations. In addition, if those customers order our products, but fail to pay on time or at all, our liquidity and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Our contracts generally do not contain minimum purchase requirements, and we sell primarily on a purchase order basis. Therefore, our sales are subject to changes in demand from our customers, and these changes have been material in the past. The level and timing of orders placed by our customers vary for a number of reasons, including individual customer strategies, the introduction of new technologies, the 
 13 

Table of contents 

 desire of our clients to reduce their exposure to any single supplier and general economic conditions. If we are unable to anticipate and respond to the demands of our customers, we may lose customers because we have an inadequate supply of raw materials with which to manufacture our products or insufficient capacity in our sites. Alternatively, we may have excess inventory or excess capacity. Either of these factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and operating results. 
 We are subject to risks associated with doing business globally, which may harm our business. 
 We have global operations and derive a portion of our net sales from customers outside of the United States. Accordingly, our international operations or those of our international customers could be substantially affected by a number of risks arising from operating an international business, including: 
 limitations on repatriation of earnings; 
 taxes on imports; 
 the possibility that unfriendly nations or groups could boycott our products; 
 general economic and political conditions in the markets where we operate, including actual or anticipated military or political conflicts such as the Ukraine/Russia conflict; 
 foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 
 potential changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, such as the United Kingdom s exit from the European Union; 
 potential increased costs associated with overlapping tax structures; 
 potential increased reliance on third parties within less developed markets; 
 potential trade restrictions, tariffs and exchange controls; 
 more limited protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; 
 difficulties and costs associated with staffing and managing foreign operations; 
 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 
 difficulties in complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations; 
 the risk that certain governments may adopt regulations or take other actions that would have a direct adverse impact on our business and market opportunities, including nationalization of private enterprise; 
 violations of anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, such as the FCPA; 
 violations of economic sanctions laws, such as the regulations enforced by OFAC; 
 14 

Table of contents 

 longer accounts receivable cycles in certain foreign countries, whether due to cultural differences, exchange rate fluctuation or other factors; 
 the credit risk of local customers and distributors; 
 limitations on our ability to enforce legal rights and remedies with third parties or partners outside of the United States; 
 import and export licensing requirements and other restrictions, such as those imposed by OFAC, BIS, DDTC and comparable regulatory agencies and policies of foreign governments; and 
 changes to our distribution networks. 
 Changes in exchange rates can adversely affect our net sales, profits and cash flows. 
 A substantial amount of our revenues are derived from international operations, and we anticipate that a significant portion of our sales will continue to come from outside of the United States in the future. The revenues we report with respect to our operations outside of the United States may be adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Further, we have a substantial amount of Euro denominated indebtedness. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between U.S. dollars and Euros may have a material adverse effect on our ability to repay such indebtedness. See Item 7A. Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk. 
 Our business depends on our ability to use and access information systems, and any failure to successfully maintain these systems or implement new systems to handle our changing needs could materially harm our operations. 
 We depend on standardized procedures and multiple information systems, including our online customer portal and distribution and enterprise resource systems, for our operations, customer service and quality and safety procedures. Furthermore, we rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, store and protect electronic information, including confidential customer, supplier, employee or other business information. Through our online customer portal, we collect and store confidential information that customers provide in order to, among other things, purchase products and services and register on our website. 
 We utilize commercially available third-party technology solutions, software and software systems with some proprietary configurations. We also store data using third-party cloud services. Our information systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, vandalism, catastrophic events, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, hackers and other security issues as well as human error. Such attacks are of ever-increasing levels of sophistication and are made by groups and individuals with a wide range of motives and expertise, including by organized criminal groups, "hacktivists," nation states and others. If our information systems are damaged, fail to work properly or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and we may experience a loss of critical information, customer disruption and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform essential functions and implement new and innovative services. A compromise of our information systems or those with which we interact could harm our reputation and expose us to regulatory actions and claims from customers and other persons, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 
 15 

Table of contents 

 Our compliance obligations include those relating to international, federal and state U.S. laws and regulations. For example, on the state level, the CPRA provides for enhanced consumer protections for California residents, a private right of action for data breaches of certain personal information and statutory fines and damages for such data breaches or other CPRA violations, as well as a requirement of reasonable cybersecurity. Our compliance obligations also include those relating to foreign data collection and privacy laws, including, for example, the GDPR, as well as laws in many other jurisdictions globally. The GDPR, which went into effect in the EU on May 25, 2018, applies to the collection, use, retention, security, processing, and transfer of personal data of residents of countries in the European Economic Area. The GDPR created a range of new compliance obligations and imposes significant fines and sanctions for violations. 
 While we have taken various measures and made significant efforts and investment to ensure that our policies, processes and systems are both robust and compliant with these obligations, any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with the CPRA, GDPR, or with any applicable regulatory requirements or orders, including but not limited to privacy, data protection, information security, or consumer protection-related privacy laws and regulations, in one or more jurisdictions within the United States, the EU or elsewhere, could: result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or individuals; subject us to significant fines, penalties, and/or judgments; require us to change our business practices; limit access to our products and services in certain countries, incur substantial costs (even if we ultimately prevail) or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 Our inability to protect our intellectual property could adversely affect our business. In addition, third parties may claim that we infringe their intellectual property, and we could suffer significant litigation or licensing expenses as a result. 
 We rely on a variety of intellectual property rights, including patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets, to protect our proprietary technology and products. We place considerable emphasis on obtaining patent or maintaining trade secret protection for significant new technologies, products and processes because of the length of time and expense associated with bringing new products and processes through development and to the market. 
 We may need to spend significant resources monitoring and enforcing our intellectual property rights and we may not be able to prove infringement by third parties. Our competitive position may be harmed if we cannot enforce our intellectual property rights. In some circumstances, we may choose to not pursue enforcement for business reasons. In addition, competitors might avoid infringement by designing around our intellectual property rights or by developing non-infringing competing technologies. Intellectual property rights and our ability to enforce them may be unavailable or limited in some countries, which could make it easier for competitors to capture market share and could result in lost revenues. 
 Our trademarks are valuable assets and if we are unable to protect them from infringement, our business prospects may be harmed. 
 Our brands, particularly our J.T.Baker, NuSil, VWR and Masterflex brands, are valuable assets. Therefore, we actively manage our trademark portfolio, including by maintaining registrations for long-standing trademarks and applying to obtain trademark registrations for new brands. We also police our trademark portfolio against infringement. Our efforts to protect and defend our trademarks may fall short or be unsuccessful against competitors or other third parties for a variety of reasons. To the extent that third parties or distributors sell products that are counterfeit versions of our branded products, our customers could inadvertently purchase products that are inferior. This could cause our customers to 
 16 

Table of contents 

 refrain from purchasing our brands in the future and in turn could impair our brand equity and adversely affect our sales. 
 We are subject to product liability and other claims in the ordinary course of business. 
 Our business involves risk of product liability, intellectual property claims and other claims in the ordinary course of business arising from the products that we source from various manufacturers or produce ourselves. Furthermore, there may be product liability risks that are unknown or which become known in the future. Substantial, complex or extended litigation on any claim could cause us to incur significant costs and distract our management. We maintain insurance policies and in some cases, our suppliers, customers and predecessors of acquired companies have indemnified us against certain claims. We cannot assure you that our insurance coverage or indemnification agreements will be available in all pending or any future cases brought against us. Accordingly, we could be subject to uninsured and unindemnified future liabilities requiring us to provide additional reserves to address such liabilities. An unfavorable result in a case for which adequate insurance or indemnification is not available could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change and respond to introductions of new products by competitors to remain competitive. 
 We sell our products in industries that are characterized by significant technological changes, frequent new product and technology introductions and enhancements and evolving industry standards. As a result, our customers needs are rapidly evolving. If we do not appropriately innovate and invest in new technologies, our offerings may become less desirable in the markets we serve, and our customers could move to new technologies offered by our competitors or make products themselves. Without the timely introduction of new products, services and enhancements, our offerings will likely become less competitive over time, in which case, our competitive position, net sales and operating results could suffer. Accordingly, we focus significant efforts and resources on the development and identification of new technologies, products and services that are attractive to, and gain acceptance, in the markets we serve and further broaden our offerings. To the extent we fail to timely introduce new and innovative products or services, adequately predict our customers needs or fail to obtain desired levels of market acceptance, our business may suffer. 
 Our business, financial condition and results of operations depend upon the availability of raw materials. 
 Our operations depend upon our ability to obtain high-quality raw materials meeting our specifications and other requirements at reasonable prices, including various active pharmaceutical ingredients, components, compounds, excipients and other raw materials, many of which are sole-sourced due to market or customer demands. Our ability to maintain an adequate supply of such materials and components could be impacted by the availability and price of those raw materials and maintaining relationships with key suppliers. 
 Moreover, we are dependent upon the ability of our suppliers to provide materials and components that meet our specifications, quality standards, other applicable criteria, and delivery schedules. Our suppliers failure to provide expected raw materials or components that meet such criteria could adversely affect production schedules and contract profitability. 
 17 

Table of contents 

 Our business, financial condition and results of operations depend upon maintaining our relationships with suppliers. 
 We offer products from a wide range of suppliers. While there is generally more than one source of supply for most of the categories of third-party materials consumables and equipment instrumentation that we sell, we currently do not manufacture the majority of our products and are dependent on these suppliers for access to those products. 
 Our ability to sustain our gross margins has been, and will continue to be, dependent in part upon our ability to obtain favorable terms from our suppliers. These terms may change from time to time, and such changes could adversely affect our gross margins over time. In addition, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted by the acceleration of payment terms to our suppliers and/or the imposition of more restrictive credit terms and other contractual requirements. 
 Our use of chemicals and chemical processes is subject to inherent risk. 
 We use chemical ingredients in the manufacture of certain of our products. Due to the nature of the manufacturing process itself, there is a risk of incurring liability for damages caused by or during the storage or manufacture of both the chemical ingredients and the finished products. The processes used in certain of our facilities typically involve large volumes of solvents and chemicals, creating the potential for fires, spills and other safety or environmental impacts. If any of these risks materialize, it could result in significant remediation and other costs, potential adverse regulatory actions and liabilities, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 In addition, the manufacturing, use, storage, and distribution of chemicals are subject to threats including terrorism. We have several high-risk chemical facilities that possess materials that could be stolen and used to make weapons. We could also be subject to an attack on our high-risk facilities that could cause a significant number of deaths and injuries. As a result, many people, including our employees, could be harmed. Such an occurrence could also harm the environment, our reputation and disrupt our operations. 
 Climate change, and the legal or regulatory response thereto, may have a long-term impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We continue to focus on strategies and systems, such as reducing greenhouse gas emissions and packaging waste, to address climate change. However, we face climate and environmental risks and the occurrence of one or more unexpected events, including fires, tornadoes, tsunamis, hurricanes, earthquakes, drought, storms, sea level rise, floods, and other severe hazards or accidents in the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union or in other countries or regions in which we operate could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. Extreme weather, natural disasters, power outages, or other unexpected events could result in physical damage to, and complete or partial closure of, one or more of our manufacturing or distribution centers; temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products; and/or disruption of our ability to deliver products to customers. Increasing concern over climate change also may result in additional legal or regulatory requirements designed to reduce or mitigate the effects of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions on the environment. The effects of climate change and legal or regulatory initiatives to address climate change could have a long-term adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, from time to time, we may establish and publicly announce goals and commitments to reduce our carbon footprint by increasing our use of recycled packaging materials, expanding our renewable energy usage, and participating in environmental and sustainability programs and initiatives organized or sponsored by 
 18 

Table of contents 

 nongovernmental organizations and other groups to reduce greenhouse gas emissions industrywide. If we are unable to achieve, or improperly report on our progress toward, our carbon footprint reduction goals and commitments, the resulting negative publicity could result in the loss of business, adverse reputational impacts, diluted market valuations and challenges in attracting and retaining customers and talented employees. 
 We are highly dependent on our senior management and key employees. 
 Our success depends on our ability to attract, motivate and retain highly qualified individuals. Competition for senior management and other key personnel in our industry is intense, and the pool of suitable candidates is limited. The failure to attract, retain and properly motivate members of our senior management team and other key employees, or to find suitable replacements for them in the event of death, illness or their desire to pursue other professional opportunities, could have a negative effect on our operating results. 
 The indemnification provisions of acquisition agreements by which we have acquired companies may not fully protect us and as a result, we may face unexpected liabilities. 
 Certain of the acquisition agreements by which we have acquired companies require the former owners to indemnify us against certain liabilities related to the operation of the company before we acquired it. In most of these agreements, however, the liability of the former owners is limited and certain former owners may be unable to meet their indemnification responsibilities. We cannot assure you that these indemnification provisions will protect us fully or at all, and as a result, we may face unexpected liabilities that adversely affect our financial statements. 
 Changes in tax law relating to multinational corporations could adversely affect our tax position. 
 The U.S. Congress, government agencies in non-U.S. jurisdictions where we and our affiliates do business, and the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development, or OECD, continue to focus on issues related to the taxation of multinational corporations. One example is in the area of base erosion and profit shifting, where profits are claimed to be earned for tax purposes in low-tax jurisdictions, or payments are made between affiliates from a jurisdiction with high tax rates to a jurisdiction with lower tax rates. The OECD has released several components of its comprehensive plan to create an agreed set of international rules for addressing base erosion and profit shifting. 
 Due to the potential for changes to tax laws and regulations or changes to the interpretation thereof, the ambiguity of tax laws and regulations, the subjectivity of factual interpretations, the complexity of our intercompany arrangements, uncertainties regarding the geographic mix of earnings in any particular period, and other factors, our estimates of effective tax rate and income tax assets and liabilities may be incorrect and our financial statements could be adversely affected. The impact of the factors referenced in the first sentence of this paragraph may be substantially different from period-to-period. 
 Certain of our businesses rely on relationships with collaborative partners and other third parties for development, supply and marketing of certain products and potential products, and such collaborative partners or other third parties could fail to perform sufficiently. 
 We believe that for certain of our businesses, success in penetrating target markets depends in part on their ability to develop and maintain collaborative relationships with other companies. Relying on collaborative relationships is risky because, among other things, our collaborative partners may (i) not devote sufficient resources to the success of our collaborations; (ii) fail to obtain regulatory approvals 
 19 

Table of contents 

 necessary to continue the collaborations in a timely manner; (iii) be acquired by other companies and terminate our collaborative partnership or become insolvent; (iv) compete with us; (v) disagree with us on key details of the collaborative relationship; (vi) have insufficient capital resources; and (vii) decline to renew existing collaborations on acceptable terms. Because these and other factors may be beyond our control, the development or commercialization of our products involved in collaborative partnerships may be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. If we or any of our collaborative partners terminate a collaborative arrangement, we may be required to devote additional resources to product development and commercialization or we may need to cancel some development programs, which could adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 Risks related to regulation 
 We are required to comply with a wide variety of laws and regulations, and are subject to regulation by various federal, state and foreign agencies, and our failure to comply with existing and future regulatory requirements could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We compete in markets in which we and our customers are subject to federal, state, local, international and transnational laws and regulations, including the operating, quality and security standards of the FDA, various state health departments, the DHHS, similar bodies of the EU and its member states and other comparable agencies around the world, and, in the future, any changes to such laws and regulations could adversely affect us. We develop, configure and market our products to meet customer needs driven by those regulations. Among other rules affecting us, we are subject to laws and regulations concerning cGMP and product safety. Our subsidiaries may be required to register for permits and/or licenses with, and may be required to comply with, the laws and regulations of the FDA, the DHHS, the DEA, foreign agencies including the EMA, and other various state health departments and/or comparable state and foreign agencies as well as certain accrediting bodies depending upon the types of operations and locations of distribution and sale of the products manufactured or services provided by those subsidiaries. Any significant change in regulations could reduce demand for our products or increase our expenses. For example, many of our products are marketed to the biopharma industry for use in discovering, developing and manufacturing drugs, or are sold as raw materials or components to drug device manufacturers or for use in the manufacture of implantable devices. Changes in the domestic or foreign regulation of drug discovery, development or manufacturing processes or medical device manufacturing processes, or adverse findings concerning any health effects associated with these products, could have an adverse effect on the demand for these products and could also result in legal liability and claims. 
 We are also registered with the DDTC, as a manufacturer and exporter of goods controlled by ITAR, and we are subject to strict export control and prior approval requirements related to these goods. Our failure to comply with ITAR and other export control laws and regulations, as well as economic sanctions, could result in penalties, loss, or suspension of contracts or other consequences. Any of these could adversely affect our operations and financial condition. Failure by us or by our customers to meet one or more of these various regulatory obligations could have adverse consequences in the event of material non-compliance. Compliance with relevant sanctions and export control laws could restrict our access to, and increase the cost of obtaining, certain products and at times could interrupt our supply of imported inventory or our ability to service certain customers. Conversely, compliance with these regulatory obligations may require us to incur significant expenses. 
 In addition, certain of our facilities are certified to ISO, including ISO 13485, ISO 9001, AS9100, ISO 22000 and/or ISO 14001. These standards are voluntary quality management system standards, the maintenance of which indicates to customers certain quality and operational norms. Customers may rely 
 20 

Table of contents 

 on contractual assurances that we make with respect to ISO certificates to transact business. Failure to comply with these ISO standards can lead to observations of non-compliance or even suspension of ISO or Aerospace Standard (AS) certifications or European Community (EC) Declarations of Conformity Certificates by the registrar. If we were to lose ISO or AS certifications or EC Declarations of Conformity, we could lose sales and customers to competitors or other suppliers. We are also subject to periodic inspections or audits by our customers. If these audits or inspections identify issues or the customer perceives there are issues, the customer may decide to cease purchasing products from us which could adversely affect our business. 
 Our reputation, ability to do business and financial statements may be impaired by improper conduct by any of our employees, agents or business partners. 
 We cannot provide assurance that our internal controls and compliance systems will always protect us from acts committed by employees, agents or business partners of ours (or of businesses we acquire or partner with) that would violate U.S. and/or non-U.S. laws, including the laws governing payments to government officials, bribery, fraud, kickbacks and false claims, pricing, sales and marketing practices, conflicts of interest, competition, export and import compliance, money laundering and data privacy. In particular, the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, and we operate in many parts of the world that have experienced corruption to some degree. Any such improper actions or allegations of such acts could damage our reputation and subject us to civil or criminal investigations in the United States and in other jurisdictions and related shareholder lawsuits, could lead to substantial civil and criminal, monetary and nonmonetary penalties and could cause us to incur significant legal and investigatory fees. In addition, the government in relevant jurisdictions may seek to hold us liable as a successor for violations committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquire. We also rely on our suppliers to adhere to our supplier standards of conduct, and material violations of such standards of conduct could occur that could have a material effect on our business, reputation and financial statements. 
 We are subject to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, and costs to comply with such laws and regulations, or any liability or obligation imposed under such laws or regulations, could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to a broad range of foreign, federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those of the EPA, OSHA and equivalent local, state, and foreign regulatory agencies in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. We may be fined or penalized by regulators for failing to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. For example, we entered into a settlement with the EPA to resolve alleged violations of the Toxic Substances Control Act and the Emergency Planning and Community Right to Know Act at our Phillipsburg, New Jersey and Paris, Kentucky facilitie s. See Item 3, Legal Proceedings. In addition, contamination resulting from our current or past operations or from past uses of land that we own or operate may trigger investigation or remediation obligations, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot be certain that identification of presently unidentified environmental, health and safety conditions, new regulations, more vigorous enforcement by regulatory authorities or other unanticipated events will not arise in the future and give rise to additional environmental liabilities, business interruptions, compliance costs or penalties, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We currently incur costs and may incur additional costs related to remediation of alleged environmental damage associated with past or current waste disposal practices or other hazardous materials handling at property that we currently own or operate, or formerly owned or operated, or facilities to which we arranged for the disposal of hazardous substances. Our liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or 
 21 

Table of contents 

 exposures to, hazardous substances may exceed our estimates or adversely affect our financial statements and reputation and we may be subject to additional claims for cleanup or other environmental claims in the future based on our past, present or future business activities, and we may not be able to recover any costs under any of our indemnifications that we have. For additional information regarding environmental matters, see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements beginning on page F-1 of this report. 
 Risks related to our indebtedness 
 Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and prevent us from fulfilling our debt or contractual obligations. 
 We now have and expect to continue to have a significant amount of debt. Our indebtedness could have important consequences to us including the following: 
 making it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt or contractual obligations; 
 exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates as certain of our borrowings, including borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities, are at variable rates of interest; 
 restricting us from making strategic acquisitions or causing us to make non-strategic divestitures; 
 requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, which would reduce the funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, investments, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business, future business opportunities and the industry in which we operate; 
 placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to any of our less leveraged competitors; 
 increasing our vulnerability to a downturn in our business and both general and industry-specific adverse economic conditions; and 
 limiting our ability to obtain additional financing. 
 Our credit facilities contain financial and other restrictive covenants that could limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interests. Our failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all of our debt, which could adversely affect our business, earnings and financial condition. 
 Despite our current level of indebtedness, we and our subsidiaries may still be able to incur substantially more debt. 
 We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur significant additional indebtedness in the future. Although our credit agreement and indentures contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and the additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. If new debt is added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we now face could intensify. 
 22 

Table of contents 

 An increase in interest rates may negatively impact our operating results and financial condition. 
 Certain of our borrowings, including borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities and our receivables facility, to the extent the interest rate is not fixed, are at variable rates of interest. An increase in interest rates would have a negative impact on our results of operations by causing an increase in interest expense. 
 Risks related to ownership of our stock 
 Because we have no current plans to pay cash dividends on our common stock, you may not receive any return on investment unless you sell your common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 We have no current plans to pay cash dividends on our common stock. The declaration, amount and payment of any future dividends on our common stock will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors may take into account general and economic conditions, our financial condition and results of operations, our available cash and current and anticipated cash needs, capital requirements, contractual, legal, tax and regulatory restrictions and implications on the payment of dividends by us to our stockholders or by our subsidiaries to us, including restrictions under our credit agreement and other indebtedness we may incur, and such other factors as our Board of Directors may deem relevant 
 As a result, you may not receive any return on an investment in our common stock unless you sell our common stock for a price greater than your purchase price. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results, which could lead to a loss of investor confidence in our financial statements and have an adverse effect on our stock price. 
 Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable and accurate financial statements and to effectively prevent fraud. We devote significant resources and time to comply with the internal control over financial reporting requirements of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 and continue to enhance our controls. However, we cannot be certain that we will be able to prevent future significant deficiencies or material weaknesses. Inadequate internal controls could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on investor confidence in our financial statements, the trading price of our stock and our access to capital. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, subject to limited exceptions, that state and federal courts (as appropriate) located within the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation matters, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or stockholders. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that unless we consent to the selection of an alternative forum, the state or federal courts (as appropriate) located within the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any (i) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company, (ii) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, or other employee or stockholder of our company to us or our stockholders, creditors or other constituents, (iii) action against us or any of our directors or officers involving a claim or defense arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or our amended 
 23 

Table of contents 

 and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws, (iv) action against us or any director or officer of the Company involving a claim or defense implicating the internal affairs doctrine, or (v) action against us or any of our directors or officers involving a claim or defense arising pursuant to the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. It is possible that these exclusive forum provisions may be challenged in court and may be deemed unenforceable in whole or in part. Our exclusive forum provision shall not relieve the company of its duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved staff comments 
 None. 

24 

Table of contents 

 Item 2. Properties 
 The following table sets forth information about our key properties at December 31, 2022: Principal use Status Americas: Visalia, California Distribution and offices Owned Phillipsburg, New Jersey Manufacturing and offices Owned Paris, Kentucky Manufacturing and distribution Owned Batavia, Illinois Distribution and offices Owned West Henrietta, New York Assembly, distribution and offices Owned Bridgeport, New Jersey Distribution and offices Owned Carpinteria, California Manufacturing, research technology and offices Leased Solon, Ohio Manufacturing, distribution and offices Leased Rochester, New York Assembly and distribution Leased Suwanee, Georgia Distribution and offices Leased Sterling, Virginia Biostorage, warehousing and offices Leased Leesburg, Virginia Biostorage and warehousing Leased Buford, Georgia Customized kitting and distribution Leased Manati, Puerto Rico Distribution and offices Owned Missouri City, Texas Distribution Leased Denver, Colorado Distribution Leased Mississauga, Ontario, Canada Distribution and offices Leased Radnor, Pennsylvania Corporate headquarters Leased Overland, Missouri Manufacturing and distribution Owned Claremont, California Customized kitting and distribution Leased Mexico City, Mexico Manufacturing and distribution Owned Devens, Massachusetts Manufacturing, distribution and offices Leased Westminster, Massachusetts Distribution Leased Barrington, Illinois Manufacturing Leased Irving, Texas Manufacturing Leased Bakersfield, California Manufacturing and research technology Leased Twinsburg, Ohio Manufacturing and offices Leased Aurora, Ohio Manufacturing Leased Ecatepec, Mexico Manufacturing and distribution Leased Tualatin, Oregon Distribution Leased Franklin, Massachusetts Distribution Leased Bethlehem, Pennsylvania Manufacturing, distribution and offices Leased Bridgewater, New Jersey Research technology Leased Chester, Connecticut Manufacturing and distribution Leased Chino, California Equipment design and manufacturing Leased Sparks, Nevada Manufacturing Leased 
 25 

Table of contents 

 Principal use Status Valencia, California Manufacturing Leased Allentown, Pennsylvania Offices Leased Europe: Schwabmuenchen, Germany Manufacturing, distribution and offices Owned Briare, France Manufacturing and distribution Owned Bruchsal, Germany Distribution Owned Gliwice, Poland Manufacturing and distribution Owned Lutterworth, United Kingdom Distribution Leased Leuven, Belgium Distribution and manufacturing Owned Karlskoga, Sweden Distribution Leased St brn Skalice, Czech Republic Custom kitting, distribution and offices Leased Dublin, Ireland Distribution Leased Barcelona, Spain Distribution Leased Debrecen, Hungary Distribution Leased Milano, Italy Offices Leased Darmstadt, Germany Offices Leased Vol ja Draga, Slovenia Manufacturing Leased S borg, Denmark Distribution and offices Leased Chorley, United Kingdom Distribution, service and offices Leased AMEA: Singapore Distribution Leased Perth, Australia Manufacturing, distribution and offices Leased Panoli, India Manufacturing Leased Coimbatore, India Service center Leased Shanghai, China Research technology and offices Leased Gwanggyo, Korea Laboratory and offices Leased Dehradun, India Manufacturing Leased Mumbai, India Research technology Leased Chubei City, Taiwan Research technology and offices Leased Gurgaon, India Offices Leased Changzhou, China Manufacturing Owned 

Item 3. Legal proceedings 
 For information regarding legal proceedings and matters, see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements beginning on page F-1 of this report, which information is incorporated into this item by reference. 
 
 Item 4. Mine safety disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 26 

Table of contents 

 Information about our Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers at January 26, 2023: Age 
 Position 
 Michael Stubblefield 50 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Thomas Szlosek 59 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Gerard Brophy 57 Executive Vice President, Biopharma Production 
 Christophe Couturier 57 Executive Vice President, AMEA Meghan Henson 53 Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer Sheri Lewis 57 Executive Vice President, Global Supply Chain Justin Miller 56 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 
 Frederic Vanderhaegen 55 Executive Vice President, Europe James Bramwell 56 Executive Vice President, Americas Kitty Sahin 53 Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development 
 Unless indicated to the contrary, the business experience summaries provided below describe positions held by the named individuals during the last five years. 
 Michael Stubblefield became our President and Chief Executive Officer in 2014. In addition, Mr. Stubblefield also serves as a Director. Prior to joining Avantor, Mr. Stubblefield was a Senior Expert for the Chemicals Practice of McKinsey Company, a management consulting firm, from 2013 to 2014. 
 Thomas Szlosek is our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, a position he has held since December 2018. Prior to joining Avantor, Mr. Szlosek served as the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Honeywell International, a diversified technology and manufacturing company, from April 2014 to August 2018. 
 Gerard Brophy is our Executive Vice President, Biopharma Production, a position he has held since July 2018. Prior to joining Avantor, Dr. Brophy spent more than 14 years at GE Healthcare, a medical technology and life sciences company, in a variety of leadership positions, most recently as the Head of Cell Therapy, Life Sciences from January 2017 to July 2018, and Chief Technology Officer, Life Sciences from April 2013 to January 2017. 
 Christophe Couturier is our Executive Vice President, AMEA, a position he has held since April 2021. Prior to his current role, Mr. Couturier served as Executive Vice President, Services, from April 2018 to April 2021. Prior to joining Avantor, Mr. Couturier served as Chief Executive Officer of Salicornia, LLC, a personal consulting company, from September 2017 to April 2018 and as Chief Financial Officer at OvaScience, a biotechnology company, from September 2016 to July 2017. 
 Meghan Henson is our Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, a position she has held since December 2020. Prior to joining Avantor, Ms. Henson served as Chief Human Resource Officer for XPO Logistics, a transportation and logistics provider where she led the global human resources organization from June 2016 to September 2020. 
 Sheri Lewis is our Executive Vice President, Global Supply Chain, a position she has held since December 2020. Prior to joining Avantor, Ms. Lewis spent 11 years at Medtronic, a global healthcare solutions company, in a number of leadership positions, most recently as the Vice President Global 
 27 

Table of contents 

 Operations for the Minimally Invasive Therapies from December 2018 to December 2020, Vice President Global Supply Chain, Distribution and Logistics from March 2017 to December 2018 and Vice President Global Operations from March 2015 to March 2017. 
 Justin Miller is our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, a position he has held since December 2017. Prior to joining Avantor, Mr. Miller was Of Counsel at Ballard Spahr LLP from December 2015 to December 2017. Prior to Ballard Spahr, Mr. Miller spent 20 years at DuPont, a science company, in a number of leadership positions within the legal group, most recently as Associate General Counsel and Chief Litigation Counsel from 2013 to 2015. 
 Frederic Vanderhaegen is our Executive Vice President, Europe, a position he has held since October 2018. Prior to joining Avantor, Mr. Vanderhaegen served as Vice President and General Manager, EMEA for Ortho Clinical Diagnostics, an in vitro diagnostics company, from June 2015 to October 2018. 
 James Bramwell is our Executive Vice President, Americas, a position he has held since October 2022. Prior to his current role, he served as Avantor s Executive Vice President, Strategic Partners from November 2017 to October 2022 and as Senior Vice President, Strategic Partners and Global Export of VWR from March 2016 to November 2017. 
 
 Kitty Sahin is our Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development, a position she has held since June 2022. Prior to joining Avantor, Ms. Sahin served as EVP, Strategy Business Development for Novanta, a medical, life science and industrial technology company, from September 2017 to June 2022. 
 
 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for registrant s common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities 
 Principal markets for common stock 
 Our common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol AVTR. 
 Holders of common stock 
 On January 26, 2023, we had 4 holders of record of our common stock. This does not include holdings in street or nominee names. 
 Dividends 
 We currently do not expect to pay any dividends on our common stock. Additionally, our subsidiaries are party to certain debt agreements that would restrict their ability to fund future dividend payments to our common stockholders. For more information, see note 24 to our consolidated financial statements beginning on page F-1 of this report. 
 28 

Table of contents 

 Stock performance graph 
 The following graph compares the return on a 100 investment in our common stock made on May 17, 2019, the day we first began trading on the NYSE, with a 100 investment also made on May 17, 2019 in the S P 500 Index and the S P 500 Health Care Index. The S P 500 Index is a broad equity market index of companies having market capitalization similar to ours. The S P 500 Health Care Index is an industry-specific equity market index that we believe closely aligns to us based on the following: (i) the index follows companies of a similar size to us in terms of net sales and market capitalization; (ii) the index includes health care distributors, the segment of the Global Industry Classification Standard that we believe most closely aligns to us; and (iii) the index includes companies in the biopharma and healthcare industries, two of our primary customer groups that together comprise over half of our net sales. 
 The information in this section is not soliciting material, is not deemed filed with the SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference in any of our filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this report, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate such information by reference. The stock performance shown below is not necessarily indicative of future performance. 

29 

Table of contents 

 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 Item 7. Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 This discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statements. See Cautionary factors regarding forward-looking statements. 
 
 Overview 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded net sales of 7,512.4 million, net income of 686.5 million and Adjusted EBITDA of 1,570.7 million. We also generated net sales growth of 1.7 which included 2.4 organic growth compared to the same period in 2021. See Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures for a reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA and Results of operations for a reconciliation of net sales growth to organic net sales growth. 
 
 Trends affecting our business and results of operations 
 The following trends have affected our recent operating results, and they may also continue to affect our performance and financial condition in future periods. 
 Our results are being impacted by the ongoing global coronavirus outbreak 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continues to effect global economies, financial markets and the overall environment in which we do business as further described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk factors. The outbreak continued to impact the full year results of our three segments, as described further in the Results of operations section. 
 We completed acquisitions to further enhance our business model 
 We completed the acquisitions of Masterflex, Ritter GmbH, and RIM Bio in 2021. Masterflex is a leading global manufacturer of peristaltic pumps and aseptic single-use fluid transfer technologies. Ritter GmbH is focused on supplying high-quality liquid handling consumables used in a variety of molecular screening and diagnostic applications and as part of drug discovery and clinical trial testing in pharma and biotech applications and cartridges for sealants, adhesives and inks that are used in a variety of industrial applications. RIM Bio provides a complete range of single-use 2D bags, 3D bags, tank liners, bag assemblies and multi- bag manifolds used in the manufacturing of biologics including monoclonal antibodies (mAbs), vaccines, cell and gene therapies, and recombinant proteins. 
 Ritter s revenues declined in 2022 compared to prior expectations, primarily from reduced customer demand for medical fluid handling tips due to a decrease in COVID-19 testing. We are taking measures to replace these revenues; however, if these measures are not successful, we may be required to impair Ritter s long-lived assets. The total carrying value of Ritter s net assets, excluding goodwill, which is part of our Europe reporting unit, was 247.0 million as of December 31, 2022, including 164.7 million of finite-lived intangible assets and 129.2 million of property, plant equipment. 
 
 We have been impacted by supply chain constraints and inflationary pressures 
 We have experienced challenges in sourcing certain products and raw materials as a result of global supply chain disruptions and have experienced inflationary pressures across all of our cost categories. 
 30 

Table of contents 

 While we have implemented pricing and productivity measures to combat these pressures, they may continue to adversely impact our results. 
 
 We lowered our weighted average annual cost of interest and simplified our capital structure 
 In 2022, we amended our receivables facility to increase its funding limit up to 400.0 million and extended the term to October 27, 2025. Also, we fully repaid U.S. dollar term loan B-4, Euro term loan B-3 and made a total prepayment of 555.0 million on U.S. dollar term loan B-5 which resulted in reduction of our annual cost of interest. To protect against rising interest rates, we entered into an interest rate swap and a cross currency swap that collectively convert interest payments on 750.0 million of our U.S. dollar term loan from U.S. dollar variable-rate to a Euro fixed-rate. 
 In 2021, we issued 396.5 million and 738.1 million of term loans that mature on June 9, 2026 and June 9, 2028, respectively. The debt bears interest at variable rates. We also issued 800.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.875 senior unsecured notes. The notes are due on November 1, 2029, with interest payable semi-annually on May 1 and November 1 of each year. Additionally, we also amended our senior secured credit facilities and issued 900.0 million of incremental U.S. dollar term loan at LIBOR plus 2.25 . 
 We reduced our expenses through a global restructuring program 
 Under a global restructuring program, which concluded on December 31, 2020, we combined sales and marketing resources, eliminated redundant corporate functions, optimized procurement and our manufacturing footprint, and implemented best practices throughout the organization. 
 From inception of the program through its completion on December 31, 2020, we have recognized 129.8 million of charges and have spent 9.6 million on capital projects, the vast majority of these expenses were incurred through 2020 with an immaterial amount incurred in 2021 and 2022. Through December 31, 2020, we believe that we have generated over 220.0 million of annualized cost synergies, which we believe will favorably impact our results in 2023 and beyond. The program was originally envisioned to last for three years following the VWR acquisition and has concluded. 
 We are investing in a differentiated innovation model 
 We are engaging with our customers early in their product development cycles to advance their programs from research and discovery through development and commercialization. These projects include enhancing product purity and performance characteristics, improving product packaging and streamlining workflows. We are also developing new products in emerging areas of science such as cell and gene therapy. 
 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates are impacting our financial condition and results of operations 
 Our consolidated results of operations are comprised of many different functional currencies that translate into our U.S. dollar reporting currency. The movement of the U.S. dollar against those functional currencies, particularly the Euro, has caused significant variability in our results and may continue to do so in the future. See Item 7A, Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk. 
 31 

Table of contents 

 Key indicators of performance and financial condition 
 To evaluate our performance, we monitor a number of key indicators. As appropriate, we supplement our results of operations determined in accordance with GAAP with certain non-GAAP measures that we believe are useful to investors, creditors and others in assessing our performance. These measurements should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for reported GAAP results because they may include or exclude certain items as compared to similar GAAP-based measurements, and such measurements may not be comparable to similarly-titled measurements reported by other companies. Rather, these measurements should be considered as an additional way of viewing aspects of our operations that provide a more complete understanding of our business. 
 The key indicators that we monitor are as follows: 
 Net sales, gross margin, operating income and net income or loss . These measures are discussed in the section entitled Results of operations 
 Organic net sales growth , which is a non-GAAP measure discussed in the section entitled Results of operations. Organic net sales growth eliminates from our reported net sales the impacts of earnings from any acquired or disposed businesses and changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We believe that this measurement is useful to investors as a way to measure and evaluate our underlying commercial operating performance consistently across our segments and the periods presented. This measurement is used by our management for the same reason. Reconciliations to the change in reported net sales, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, are included in the section entitled Results of operations 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin , which are non-GAAP measures discussed in the section entitled Results of operations. Adjusted EBITDA is used by investors to measure and evaluate our operating performance exclusive of interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation, amortization and certain other adjustments. Adjusted EBITDA margin is Adjusted EBITDA divided by net sales as determined under GAAP. We believe that these measurements are useful to investors as a way to analyze the underlying trends in our business consistently across the periods presented. A reconciliation of net income or loss, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, to Adjusted EBITDA is included in the section entitled Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures 
 Cash flows from operating activities , which is discussed in the section entitled Liquidity and capital resources Historical cash flows and 
 Free cash flow , which is a non-GAAP measure, is equal to our cash flow from operating activities, plus acquisition-related costs paid in the period, less capital expenditures. We believe that this measurement is useful to investors as it provides a view on the Company s ability to generate cash for use in financing or investing activities. This measurement is used by management for the same reason. A reconciliation of cash flows from operating activities, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, to free cash flows, is included in the section entitled Liquidity and capital resources Historical cash flows. 
 
 Results of operations 
 We present results of operations in the same way that we manage our business, evaluate our performance and allocate our resources. We also provide discussion of net sales and Adjusted EBITDA by geographic 
 32 

Table of contents 

 segment based on customer location: the Americas, Europe and AMEA. Corporate costs are managed on a standalone basis and not allocated to segments. 
 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Executive summary (dollars in millions) 
 Year ended December 31, 
 Change 2022 2021 Net sales 7,512.4 7,386.1 126.3 Gross margin 34.6 33.9 70 bps Operating income 1,130.2 972.2 158.0 Net income 686.5 572.6 113.9 Adjusted EBITDA 1,570.7 1,458.6 112.1 Adjusted EBITDA margin 20.9 19.8 110 bps 
 Net sales growth was driven by our biopharma and advanced technologies applied materials end markets, as well as the impact of all the acquisitions that we completed in the prior year, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency impact and COVID-19 related headwinds. Commercial excellence, growth of our proprietary materials and consumables product group and sales of higher-margin products, including those offered by recently acquired companies contributed to expansion in both gross margin and Adjusted EBITDA margin. 
 Net sales 
 (in millions) 
 Year ended December 31, 
 Reconciliation of net sales growth to organic net sales growth Net sales growth 
 Foreign currency impact M A impact 
 Organic net sales growth 2022 2021 Americas 4,471.2 4,237.4 233.8 (14.1) 133.1 114.8 Europe 2,516.5 2,677.3 (160.8) (276.4) 92.0 23.6 AMEA 524.7 471.4 53.3 (26.6) 43.1 36.8 Total 7,512.4 7,386.1 126.3 (317.1) 268.2 175.2 
 Net sales increased 126.3 million or 1.7 , which included 317.1 million or 4.3 of unfavorable foreign currency impact and 268.2 million or 3.6 of M A impac t . Organic growth was 175.2 million or 2.4 (6.0 when excluding the impact of sales of COVID-19-related products in both periods, referred to herein as COVID-19 related headwinds or tailwinds) and was primarily due to growth in our proprietary products and services. 
 In the Americas, net sales increased 233.8 million or 5.5 , which included 14.1 million or 0.3 of unfavorable foreign currency impact and 133.1 million or 3.1 of M A impact. Organic growth in net sales was 114.8 million or 2.7 (6.1 excluding COVID-19 headwinds). Additional information on 
 33 

organic net sales growth by end market (with approximate percentage of total organic net sales for the region) is as follows: 
 Biopharma (55 Sales grew low single-digits, primarily due to growth in sales of proprietary materials in biopharma production driven by our chemicals and serum product offerings, partially offset by reduced sales of COVID-19 related offerings for vaccines, PPE and diagnostic testing. 
 Healthcare (10 Sales were flat as growth in our medical grade silicone business was offset by declines in COVID-19 related offerings for diagnostic testing. 
 Education and government (15 Sales declined mid single-digits primarily driven by softness in lab consumables sales in the education end market and COVID-19 related headwinds in the government end market. 
 Advanced technologies applied materials (20 Sales increased high single-digits driven by strong sales to our semiconductor and electronic device customers. 
 In Europe, net sales decreased 160.8 million or 6.0 , which included 276.4 million or 10.3 of unfavorable foreign currency impact and 92.0 million or 3.4 of M A impact. Organic net sales growth was 23.6 million or 0.9 (5.5 excluding COVID-19 headwinds). Additional information on organic net sales growth by end market (with approximate percentage of total organic net sales for the region) is as follows: 
 Biopharma (50 Sales grew low single-digits driven by double-digit growth in our production chemicals and single-use offerings, partially offset by lower sales of COVID-19 related offerings for vaccines, PPE and diagnostic testing. 
 Healthcare (10 Sales declined low single-digits as growth in our medical grade silicone business was more than offset by declines in COVID-19 related offerings for diagnostic testing. 
 Education government (10 Sales declined mid single-digits driven by decreased sales of lab chemicals and consumables in the education end market and from COVID-19 related headwinds in the government end market. 
 Advanced technologies applied materials (30 We experienced low single-digit growth driven by increased sales of proprietary materials and consumables, and equipment and instrumentation. 
 In AMEA, net sales increased 53.3 million or 11.3 , which included 26.6 million or 5.6 of unfavorable foreign currency impact and 43.1 million or 9.1 of M A impact. Organic net sales growth was 36.8 million or 7.8 (7.0 excluding COVID-19 tailwinds). Additional information on organic net sales growth by end market (with approximate percentage of total organic net sales for the region) is as follows: 
 Biopharma (50 Sales declined by mid single-digits as double-digit growth in process ingredients, chromatography resins, excipients and single use solutions was offset by lower sales of COVID-19 related offerings for vaccines and PPE and lower lab consumable sales. 
 
 34 

Advanced technologies applied materials (40 Sales grew double-digits primarily driven by strong demand for our proprietary offerings into the semiconductor industry. 
 Gross margin Year ended December 31, 
 Change 2022 2021 Gross margin 34.6 33.9 70 bps 
 Gross margin increased 70 basis points resulting primarily from commercial excellence and favorable product mix in our proprietary materials business, as well as a favorable impact from sales of higher gross margin products from acquired companies. 
 Operating income (in millions) Year ended December 31, 
 Change 2022 2021 Gross profit 2,602.8 2,502.7 100.1 Operating expenses 1,472.6 1,530.5 (57.9) Operating income 
 1,130.2 972.2 158.0 
 Operating income increased primarily from higher gross profit, as previously discussed, as well as the absence of acquisition costs incurred in the prior year and lower incentive compensation expense. This was partially offset by higher amortization expense driven by the completion of our acquisitions in the prior year as well as inflation and investments in our workforce made over the course of 2021 and into 2022. 
 Net income (in millions) Year ended December 31, 
 Change 2022 2021 Operating income 
 1,130.2 972.2 158.0 Interest expense (265.8) (217.4) (48.4) Loss on extinguishment of debt (12.5) (12.4) (0.1) Other (expense) income, net 
 (0.8) 10.6 (11.4) Income tax expense 
 (164.6) (180.4) 15.8 Net income 
 686.5 572.6 113.9 
 Net income increased due to higher operating income, as previously discussed, and lower income tax expense driven primarily from the favorable resolution of uncertain tax positions and lower effective tax rates in the European region in the current year. These increases were partially offset by higher interest expense as a result of incremental debt issued to finance the acquisitions completed in 2021, increased interest rates, and the absence of a one-time disgorgement penalty payment that we received in 2021. 
 35 

Adjusted EBITDA 
 For reconciliations of Adjusted EBITDA to net income or loss, see Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures. (dollars in millions) Year ended December 31, 
 Change 2022 2021 Adjusted EBITDA 1,570.7 1,458.6 112.1 Adjusted EBITDA margin 20.9 19.8 110 bps Adjusted EBITDA: Americas 1,077.3 978.4 98.9 Europe 524.1 538.5 (14.4) AMEA 141.5 113.9 27.6 Corporate (172.2) (172.2) Total 1,570.7 1,458.6 112.1 
 Adjusted EBITDA increased 112.1 million or 7.7 , which included an unfavorable foreign currency translation impact of 60.5 million or 4.1 and 99.5 million or 6.8 from M A. The remaining growth was 73.1 million or 5.0 . 
 In the Americas, Adjusted EBITDA grew 98.9 million or 10.1 , or 4.3 when adjusted for unfavorable foreign currency translation impact and M A. Higher gross profit from commercial excellence and favorable product mix related to sales of our higher-margin proprietary products was partially offset by inflationary factors, including freight, and investments in our workforce made over the course of 2021 and into 2022. 
 In Europe, Adjusted EBITDA declined 14.4 million or 2.7 , but grew 2.5 when adjusted for unfavorable foreign currency translation impact and M A. The growth was driven primarily by higher gross profit from favorable product mix. This was partially offset by inflationary factors and investments in our workforce made over the course of 2021 and into 2022. 
 In AMEA, Adjusted EBITDA grew 27.6 million or 24.2 , or 14.8 when adjusted for unfavorable foreign currency translation impact and M A. Increases driven by higher gross profit were partially offset by inflationary factors, including freight. 
 In Corporate, Adjusted EBITDA was flat year over year and did not materially contribute to the change in Adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 
 A discussion and analysis covering the year ended December 31, 2020 is included in our 2021 10-K. 
 36 

Table of contents 

 Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures 
 The following table presents the reconciliation of net income or loss to non-GAAP measures: (in millions) 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income 
 686.5 572.6 116.6 Interest expense 265.8 217.4 307.6 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 164.6 180.4 (54.3) Depreciation and amortization 405.5 379.2 395.4 Loss on extinguishment of debt 12.5 12.4 346.8 Net foreign currency loss (gain) from financing activities 
 7.0 1.3 (0.7) Other stock-based compensation (benefit) expense 
 (3.3) 3.0 1.3 Acquisition-related expenses 1 
 77.8 Integration-related expenses 2 
 19.2 15.9 17.1 Purchase accounting adjustments 3 
 9.4 6.3 Restructuring and severance charges 4 
 3.5 5.3 11.8 Receipt of disgorgement penalty 5 
 (13.0) Adjusted EBITDA 1,570.7 1,458.6 1,141.6 
 
 1. Represents legal, accounting, investment banking and consulting fees incurred related to the acquisition of acquired companies. 
 2. Represents non-recurring direct costs incurred with third parties to integrate acquired companies. These expenses represent incremental costs and are unrelated to normal operations of our business. Integration expenses are incurred over a pre-defined integration period specific to each acquisition. 
 3. Represents the non-cash reduction of contingent consideration related to the Ritter acquisition and the amortization of the purchase accounting adjustment to record inventory acquired from Masterflex and Ritter at fair value. 
 4. Reflects the incremental expenses incurred in the period related to initiatives to increase profitability and productivity. Typical costs included in this caption are employee severance, site-related exit costs, and contract termination costs. 
 5. As described in note 19 to our consolidated financial statements beginning on F-1 of this report. 
 
 Liquidity and capital resources 
 We fund short-term cash requirements primarily from operating cash flows, while most of our long-term financing is from indebtedness, which we use to finance transactions outside of our normal operations. 
 Our most significant contractual obligations are scheduled principal and interest payments for indebtedness. We also have obligations to make payments under operating leases, to purchase certain products and services and to fund defined benefit plan obligations primarily outside of the United States. In addition to contractual obligations, we use cash to fund capital expenditures, taxes, and dividends on our MCPS for which the last payment was made in May 2022. Changes in working capital may be a source or a use of cash depending on our operations during the period. 
 37 

Table of contents 

 We expect to fund our short-term and long-term capital needs with cash generated by operations and availability under our credit facilities. Although we believe that these sources will provide sufficient liquidity for us to meet our long-term capital needs, our ability to fund these needs will depend to a significant extent on our future financial performance, which will be subject in part to general economic, competitive, financial, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. 
 We believe that cash generated by operations, together with available liquidity under our credit facilities, will be adequate to meet our current and expected needs for cash prior to the maturity of our debt, although no assurance can be given in this regard. 
 Liquidity 
 The following table presents our primary sources of liquidity: (in millions) 
 December 31, 2022 Receivables facility 
 Revolving credit facility Total 
 Unused availability under credit facilities: Capacity 357.7 515.0 872.7 Undrawn letters of credit outstanding (13.7) (13.7) Outstanding borrowings (327.2) (327.2) Unused availability 16.8 515.0 531.8 Cash and cash equivalents 372.9 Total liquidity 904.7 
 Our availability under our receivables facility depends upon maintaining a sufficient borrowing base of eligible accounts receivable. We believe that we have sufficient capital resources to meet our liquidity needs. 
 At December 31, 2022, 349.4 million or 94 of our cash and cash equivalents was held by our non-U.S. subsidiaries and may be subject to certain taxes upon repatriation, primarily where foreign withholding taxes apply. 
 38 

Table of contents 

 Historical cash flows 
 The following table presents a summary of cash provided by (used in) various activities: (in millions) 
 Year ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Operating activities: Net income 686.5 572.6 113.9 Non-cash items 1 
 485.4 492.5 (7.1) Working capital changes 2 
 (161.6) (175.5) 13.9 All other (166.7) 64.0 (230.7) Total 843.6 953.6 (110.0) Investing activities (109.6) (4,121.7) 4,012.1 Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired (20.2) (4,014.1) 3,993.9 Capital expenditures (133.4) (111.1) (22.3) Cash proceeds from settlement of cross currency swap 42.5 42.5 Financing activities (648.7) 3,219.2 (3,867.9) 
 
 1. Consists of typical non-cash charges including depreciation and amortization, stock based compensation expense, deferred income tax expense and others. 
 2. Includes changes to our accounts receivable, inventory, contract assets and accounts payable. 
 Cash flows from operating activities provided 110.0 million less cash in 2022 primarily due to higher payments for interest and tax, higher incentive compensation payments made in fiscal year 2022, and higher customer prebate payments made in connection with newly signed supply agreements. This was partially offset by higher operating income and favorable changes in net working capital. 
 Investing activities used 4,012.1 million less cash in 2022, reflecting the cash paid for acquisitions in the previous year as well as cash received from the settlement of a cross currency swap in the third quarter of 2022. These items were offset by increased capital spending across the Company compared to the prior year. 
 Financing activities used 3,867.9 million more cash in 2022 compared to the prior year. In 2021, financing activities provided 3,219.2 million of cash primarily due to issuances of new debt and secondary equity offerings to finance our acquisitions. In 2022, we used 648.7 million of cash primarily to pay down our term loans. 
 39 

Table of contents 

 Free cash flow 
 (in millions) Year ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 843.6 953.6 (110.0) Acquisition-related expenses paid 77.8 (77.8) Capital expenditures (133.4) (111.1) (22.3) Free cash flow 710.2 920.3 (210.1) 
 Free cash flow was 210.1 million lower in 2022 due to changes in cash flows from operating activities noted above, as well as an increase in capital spending in 2022, principally reflecting growth-related expansions in our global supply chain. 
 A discussion and analysis of historical cash flows covering the year ended December 31, 2020 is included in the 2021 10-K. 
 Indebtedness 
 A significant portion of our long-term financing is from indebtedness. The purpose of this section is to disclose how certain features of our indebtedness influence our liquidity and capital resources. Additional detail about the terms of our indebtedness may be found in note 14 to our consolidated financial statements beginning on page F-1 of this report. 
 Our credit facilities provide us access to up to 872.7 million of additional cash. 
 We have entered into a receivables facility and a revolving credit facility that provide us access to cash to fund short-term business needs. See the section entitled Liquidity for additional information. 
 Our indebtedness restricts us from paying dividends to common stockholders. 
 The acquisition of VWR was partially funded by the issuance of debt by Avantor Inc. s wholly-owned subsidiary, Avantor Funding, Inc. Certain of those debt agreements prevent Avantor Funding, Inc. from paying dividends or making other payments to Avantor, Inc., subject to limited exceptions. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, substantially all of Avantor, Inc. s net assets were subject to those restrictions. 
 Our senior secured credit facilities require or may require us to make certain principal repayments prior to maturity 
 We are required to make quarterly payments on our senior secured credit facilities, with the balance due on the maturity date. We have generated sufficient cash flows to make all required historical payments, and we expect that our cash flows will continue to be sufficient to make future payments. 
 To the extent our net leverage ratios, as defined in our credit agreement, reach certain levels, we are required to make additional prepayments if: (i) we generate excess cash flows, as defined in our credit agreement, at specified percentages that decline if certain net leverage ratios are achieved; or (ii) we receive cash proceeds from certain types of asset sales or debt issuances. We are required to make a prepayment of 50 of our excess cash flows if our first lien net leverage ratio, as defined in our credit agreement, exceeds 4.50:1.00, a prepayment of 25 of our excess cash flows if our first lien net leverage 
 40 

Table of contents 

 ratio is less than or equal to 4.50:1.00 but greater than 3.75:1.00, and no prepayment if our first lien net leverage ratio is less than or equal to 3.75:1.00. As our first lien net leverage ratio was below 3.75:1.00 at December 31, 2022, no additional prepayments were required and no such prepayments have become due since the inception of the credit facilities. 
 We are subject to certain financial covenants that, if not met, could put us in default of our debt agreements 
 The receivables facility and our senior secured credit facilities contain certain customary covenants, including a financial covenant. That covenant becomes applicable in periods when we have drawn more than 35 of our revolving credit facility. When applicable, we may not have total borrowings in excess of a pro forma net leverage ratio, as defined. This covenant was not applicable at December 31, 2022, and our historical net leverage has been below the covenant requirement. 
 Contractual obligations 
 The following table presents our contractual obligations at December 31, 2022: (in millions) 
 Payments due by period Total Short-Term Long-Term Debt: Principal (1)(2) 
 6,349.1 364.2 5,984.9 Interest (1) 
 1,370.9 273.1 1,097.8 Operating leases 136.1 39.1 97.0 Purchase obligations (3) 
 552.2 114.9 437.3 Other liabilities: Underfunded defined benefit plans (4) 
 84.2 6.3 77.9 Transition tax payments (5) 
 46.4 11.6 34.8 Other 5.0 1.1 3.9 Total 8,543.9 810.3 7,733.6 
 
 (1) Includes finance lease liabilities. To calculate payments for principal and interest, we assumed that variable interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and outstanding borrowings under credit facilities were unchanged from December 31, 2022 through maturity. Further, we have not considered any interest obligation on our receivables facility. For the variable interest rates and principal amounts used, see note 14 to our consolidated financial statements beginning on page F-1 of this report. 
 (2) Our senior secured credit facilities would require us to accelerate our principal repayments should we generate excess cash flows, as defined, in future periods. 
 (3) Purchase obligations for certain products and services are made in the normal course of business to meet operating needs. 
 (4) Represents our obligation to fund defined benefit plans with obligations in excess of plan assets. The total obligation is equal to the aggregate excess of the discounted benefit obligation over the fair value of plan assets for all underfunded plans. The payments due in less than one year are estimated using actuarial methods. The payments due for all other years are estimated by distributing the remaining funding status to future periods in the same way as benefit payments are expected to be made by the plans following actuarial methods. 
 (5) Represents our transition tax obligation due over eight years to transition to the modified territorial tax system under new U.S. income tax legislation. 
 41 

Table of contents 

 Critical accounting policies and estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported throughout the financial statements. Those estimates and assumptions are based on our best estimates and judgment. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis using historical experience and known facts and circumstances. We adjust our estimates and assumptions when we believe the facts and circumstances warrant an adjustment. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision, actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. 
 We consider the policies and estimates discussed below to be critical to an understanding of our financial statements because their application places the most significant demands on our judgment. Specific risks for these critical accounting policies are described in the following sections. For all of these policies, we caution that future events rarely develop exactly as forecasted, and such estimates naturally require adjustment. 
 Our discussion of critical accounting policies and estimates is intended to supplement, not duplicate, our summary of significant accounting policies so that readers will have greater insight into the uncertainties involved in these areas. For a summary of all of our significant accounting policies, see note 2 to our consolidated financial statements beginning on page F-1 of this report. 
 Testing goodwill and other intangible assets for impairment 
 We carry significant amounts of goodwill and other intangible assets on our consolidated balance sheet. At December 31, 2022, the combined carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges, was 9,785.9 million or 73 of our total assets. 
 Required annual assessment 
 On October 1 of each year, we perform annual impairment testing of our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, or more frequently if an event or change in circumstance occurs that would require reassessment of the recoverability of those assets. The impairment analysis for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets consists of an optional qualitative test potentially followed by a quantitative analysis. These measurements rely upon significant judgment from management described as follows: 
 The qualitative analysis for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets requires us to identify potential factors that may result in an impairment and estimate whether they would warrant performance of a quantitative test; 
 The quantitative impairment test requires us to estimate the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets. We estimate the fair value of each reporting unit using a weighted average of two valuation methods based on a discounted cash flows method and a guideline public company method. These valuation methods require management to make various assumptions, including, but not limited to, future profitability, cash flows, discount rates, weighting of valuation methods and the selection of comparable publicly traded companies. 
 Our estimates are based on historical trends, management s knowledge and experience and overall economic factors, including projections of future earnings potential. Developing future cash flows in applying the income approach requires us to evaluate our intermediate to longer-term strategies, including, but not limited to, estimates about net sales growth, operating margins, capital requirements, 
 42 

Table of contents 

 inflation and working capital management. The development of appropriate rates to discount the estimated future cash flows requires the selection of risk premiums, which can materially impact the present value of future cash flows. Selection of an appropriate peer group under the market approach involves judgment, and an alternative selection of guideline companies could yield materially different market multiples. Weighing the different value indications involves judgment about their relative usefulness and comparability to the reporting unit. 
 We did not record any impairment charges as a result of our October 1, 2022 impairment testing. Each reporting unit had a fair value that was substantially in excess of its carrying value, and our indefinite-lived intangible assets did not show any indications that their fair value was more likely than not below their carrying value. 
 Estimating valuation allowances on deferred tax assets 
 We are required to estimate the degree to which tax assets and loss carryforwards will result in a future income tax benefit, based on our expectations of future profitability by tax jurisdiction. We provide a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets that we believe will more likely than not go unutilized. If it becomes more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will be realized, we reverse the related valuation allowance and recognize an income tax benefit for the amount of the reversal. At December 31, 2022, our valuation allowance on deferred tax assets was 179.7 million, 155.0 million of which relates to foreign net operating loss carry forwards that are not expected to be realized. 
 We must make assumptions and judgments to estimate the amount of valuation allowance to be recorded against our deferred tax assets, which take into account current tax laws and estimates of the amount of future taxable income, if any. Changes to any of the assumptions or judgments could cause our actual income tax obligations to differ from our estimates. 
 Accounting for uncertain tax positions 
 In the ordinary course of business, there is inherent uncertainty in quantifying our income tax positions. We assess income tax positions for all years subject to examination based upon our evaluation of the facts, circumstances and information available at the reporting date. For those tax positions where it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, we have recorded an amount having greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority assumed to have full knowledge of all relevant information. For those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, no tax benefit has been recognized in the financial statements. Our reserve for uncertain tax positions was 51.8 million at December 31, 2022, exclusive of penalties and interest. Where applicable, associated interest expense has also been recognized as a component of interest expense. 
 We operate in numerous countries under many legal forms and, as a result, we are subject to the jurisdiction of numerous domestic and non-U.S. tax authorities, as well as to tax agreements and treaties among these governments. Determination of taxable income in any jurisdiction requires the interpretation of the related tax laws and regulations and the use of estimates and assumptions regarding significant future events, such as the amount, timing and character of deductions and the sources and character of income and tax credits. Changes in tax laws, regulations, agreements and treaties, currency exchange restrictions or our level of operations or profitability in each taxing jurisdiction could have an impact upon the amount of current and deferred tax balances and hence our net income. 
 43 

Table of contents 

 We file tax returns in each tax jurisdiction that requires us to do so. Should tax return positions not be sustained upon audit, we could be required to record an income tax provision. Should previously unrecognized tax benefits ultimately be sustained, we could be required to record an income tax benefit. 
 Calculating expense for long-term compensation arrangements 
 Our employees receive various long-term compensation awards, including stock options, RSUs, performance stock units and cash-based awards. We calculate expense for some of those awards using fair value estimates based on unobservable inputs. Additionally, some of those awards contain performance or market conditions. We assess the probability of achieving those performance conditions, and in cases where partial or exceptional performance affects the size of the award, we also estimate the projected achievement level. We determine the fair value of awards with market conditions on their grant date using a Monte Carlo model, which incorporates the probability of achieving the market condition in the awards fair value. We recognize the expense for such awards ratably over their vesting term. 
 Expense for stock options without performance or market conditions is determined on the grant date and recognized ratably over their vesting term. We estimate the grant date fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes model. This model requires us to make various assumptions, with the most significant assumption currently being the volatility of our stock price. A public quotation was first established for our common stock in May 2019, which does not provide adequate historical basis to reasonably estimate the expected volatility of our common stock over their more than six-year expected life. Instead, we estimate volatility based on historical stock price trends of a peer company set. The fair value of our awards would have differed had we selected different peer companies or used a different technique to estimate volatility. Increasing our expected volatility assumption by 5 percentage points for all stock options at the date of grant would have increased our 2022 stock-based compensation expense by 2.1 million. 
 Estimating the net realizable value of inventories 
 We value our inventories at the lower of cost or net realizable value. We regularly review quantities of inventories on hand and compare these amounts to the expected use of each product or product line, which can require us to make significant judgments. If our judgments prove to be incorrect, we may be required to record a charge to cost of sales to reduce the carrying amount of inventory on hand to net realizable value. As with any significant estimate, we cannot be certain of future events which may cause us to change our judgments. 
 Business combinations 
 We allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and non-controlling interests in the acquired companies generally based on their fair values at the acquisition date. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair value of these assets acquired, liabilities assumed and non-controlling interests in the acquired companies is recorded as goodwill. When determining the fair values of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and non-controlling interests in the acquired companies, management makes significant estimates related to intangible assets. 
 Critical estimates in valuing intangible assets include, but are not limited to, expected future cash flows and discount rates. Fair value estimates are based on the assumptions management believes a market participant would use in pricing the asset or liability. Amounts recorded in a business combination may change during the measurement period, which is a period not to exceed one year from the date of acquisitions, as additional information about conditions existing at the acquisition date becomes available. 
 44 

Table of contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk 
 Foreign currency exchange risk 
 Although we report our results and financial condition in U.S. dollars, a significant portion of our operating and financing activities are denominated in foreign currencies, principally the Euro but also many others. 
 Our U.S. subsidiaries carry significant amounts of Euro-denominated debt. This does not result in any material risks from an earnings perspective because the exposure from these instruments is substantially hedged by offsetting exposures from intercompany borrowing arrangements. From a cash flow perspective, we have the risk of paying more or less cash for any optional or mandatory repayments of our Euro-denominated debt that may not be offset with equivalent cash repayments of our intercompany borrowings. For example, an optional debt repayment of 100 million on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, with a 10 weakening of the U.S. dollar would have caused us to pay an additional 10.7 million and 11.4 million, respectively, to extinguish that debt. 
 Changes to foreign currency exchange rates could favorably or unfavorably affect the translation of our foreign operating results. For example, during times of a strengthening U.S. dollar, our reported international sales and earnings will be reduced because local currencies will translate into fewer U.S. dollars. For the year ended December 31, 2022, a 10 strengthening of the U.S. dollar compared to all other currencies would have decreased net income by 14.3 million and decreased Adjusted EBITDA by 60.3 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, a 10 strengthening of the U.S. dollar compared to all other currencies would have decreased net income by 10.9 million and decreased Adjusted EBITDA by 61.9 million. 
 Interest rate risk 
 We carry a significant amount of debt that exposes us to interest rate risk. A portion of our debt consists of variable-rate instruments. We have also issued fixed-rate secured and unsecured notes. None of our other financial instruments are subject to material interest rate risk. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had borrowings of 2,794.2 million under our credit facilities. Borrowings under these facilities bear interest at variable rates based on prevailing LIBOR, EURIBOR and SOFR rates in the financial markets. Changes to those market rates affect both the amount of cash we pay for interest and our reported interest expense. At December 31, 2022, a 100 basis point increase to the applicable variable rates of interest including our interest rate swap would have increased the amount of interest by 20.4 million per annum. At December 31, 2021, a 100 basis point increase to the applicable variable rates of interest would have increased the amount of interest by 27.9 million per annum. 
 Our senior secured notes and senior unsecured notes bear interest at fixed rates, so their fair value will increase if interest rates fall and decrease if interest rates rise. At December 31, 2022, a 100 basis point decrease in the market rate of interest would have increased their aggregate fair value by 147.1 million. At December 31, 2021, a 100 basis point decrease in the market rate of interest would have increased their aggregate fair value by 201.7 million. 
 
 Item 8. Financial statements and supplementary data 
 The information required by this item is included at the end of this report beginning on page F-1. 
 45 

Table of contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Control and procedures 
 Management s evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, reported, accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
 There have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s annual report on internal control over financial reporting 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the company. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, our management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 Deloitte Touche LLP (PCAOB ID No. ), an independent registered public accounting firm, which has audited and reported on the consolidated financial statements contained in this Form 10-K, has issued its report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting which follows this report. 
 
 46 

Table of contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Avantor, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Avantor, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ende d December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 14, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk 
 47 

Table of contents 

 that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ 

February 14, 2023 
 
 Item 9B. Other information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure regarding foreign jurisdictions that prevent inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 See Part I, Information about our executive officers for information about our executive officers, which is incorporated by reference herein. The other information required by Part III is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 
 
 Item 10. Directors, executive officers and corporate governance 
 See Part I, Information about our executive officers for information about our executive officers, which is incorporated by reference herein. The other information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the applicable information in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders which we intend to file with the SEC no later than 120 days after our 2022 fiscal year end (the 2023 Proxy Statement ). 

Item 11. Executive compensation 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the applicable information in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item 12. Security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the applicable information in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item 13. Certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the applicable information in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item 14. Principal accountant fees and services 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the applicable information in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 48 

Table of contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and financial statement schedules 
 The following documents are filed as part of this report. 
 1. Financial Statements and Schedules. See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules on page F-1. 
 2. Exhibits: Exhibit no. 
 Description Location of exhibits Form Exhibit no. Filing date 3.1 
 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, effective May 13, 2021 
 8-K 3.1 5/17/2021 3.2 
 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Avantor, Inc. 
 8-K 3.1 1/28/2021 3.3 
 Certificate of Designations of 6.250 Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of Avantor, Inc. 
 8-K 3.3 5/21/2019 3. 4 
 Certificate of Elimination relating to the 6.250 Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock 
 8-K 3.1 5/17/2022 4.1 
 Description of capital stock 
 4.2 
 Indenture, dated as of July 17, 2020, among Avantor Funding, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.1 7/17/2020 4.3 
 Indenture, dated as of November 6, 2020, among Avantor Funding, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent. 
 8-K 4.1 11/6/2020 4.4 
 Indenture, dated as of October 26, 2021, among Avantor Funding, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.1 10/26/2021 10.1 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2017, by and among Vail Holdco Sub LLC, Avantor Funding, Inc. (f/k/a Avantor, Inc.), the guarantors party thereto, Goldman Sachs Bank USA and the other lenders, l/c issuers and parties thereto. 
 S-1/A 10.1 4/10/2019 10.2 
 Amendment No. 1, dated as of November 27, 2018 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2017, by and among Vail Holdco Sub LLC, Avantor Funding, Inc. (f/k/a Avantor, Inc.), the guarantors party thereto, Goldman Sachs Bank USA and the other lenders, l/c issuers and parties thereto. 
 S-1/A 10.2 4/10/2019 
 49 

Table of contents 

 Exhibit no. 
 Description Location of exhibits Form Exhibit no. Filing date 10.3 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2017, among Vail Holdco Sub LLC, Avantor Funding, Inc., each of the Guarantors, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent and collateral, Swing Line Lender and an L/C Issuer, the lenders party thereto and Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC, as the Additional Initial B-2 Euro Term Lender and the Additional Initial B-2 Dollar Term Lender. 
 8-K 10.1 6/18/2019 10.4 
 Amendment No. 3 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2017, among Vail Holdco Sub LLC, Avantor Funding, Inc., each of the Guarantors, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent and collateral agent, Swing Line Lender and an L/C Issuer, the lenders party thereto and Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC, as the Additional Initial B-3 Euro Term Lender and the Additional Initial B-3 Dollar Term Lender. 
 8-K 10.1 1/27/2020 10.5 
 Amendment No. 4 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2017, among Vail Holdco Sub LLC, Avantor Funding, Inc., each of the Guarantors, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent and collateral agent, Swing Line Lender and an L/C Issuer. 
 8-K 10.1 7/14/2020 10.6 
 Amendment No. 5 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2017 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of November 27, 2018, Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 18, 2019, Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 24, 2020 and Amendment No. 4, dated as of July 14, 2020), among Vail Holdco Sub LLC, Avantor Funding, Inc., each of the Guarantors, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent and collateral agent, Swing Line Lender and an L/C Issuer, the lenders party thereto and Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC, as the New Term Lender 
 8-K 10.1 11/6/2020 10.7 
 Amendment No. 6 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2017 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of November 27, 2018, Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 18, 2019, Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 24, 2020, Amendment No. 4 to Credit Agreement, dated as of July 14, 2020 and Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2020), among Vail Holdco Sub LLC, Avantor Funding, Inc., each of the Guarantors, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent and collateral agent, Swing Line Lender and an L/C Issuer, the lenders party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as the New Term Lender 
 8-K 10.1 6/14/2021 
 50 

Table of contents 

 Exhibit no. 
 Description Location of exhibits Form Exhibit no. Filing date 10.8 
 Amendment No. 7 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2017 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of November 27, 2018, Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 18, 2019, Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 24, 2020, Amendment No. 4 to Credit Agreement, dated as of July 14, 2020, Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2020 and Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 10, 2021), among Vail Holdco Sub LLC, Avantor Funding, Inc., each of the Guarantors, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent and collateral agent, Swing Line Lender and an L/C Issuer, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as the Additional Initial B-4 Dollar Term Lender and as the Additional Incremental B-5 Dollar Term Lender 
 8-K 10.1 7/9/2021 10.9 
 Amendment No. 8 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2017 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of November 27, 2018, Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 18, 2019, Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 24, 2020, Amendment No. 4 to Credit Agreement, dated as of July 14, 2020, Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2020, Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 10, 2021 and Amendment No. 7 to Credit Agreement, dated as of July 7, 2021), among Vail Holdco Sub LLC, Avantor Funding, Inc., each of the Guarantors, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent and collateral agent, Swing Line Lender and an L/C Issuer, the lenders party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as the New Term Lender 
 8-K 10.1 11/2/2021 10 .10 
 Amendment No. 9 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2017 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of November 27, 2018, as amended by Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 18, 2019, as amended by Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 24, 2020, as amended by Amendment No. 4 to Credit Agreement, dated as of July 14, 2020, as amended by Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2020, as amended by Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 10, 2021, as amended by Amendment No. 7 to Credit Agreement, dated as of July 7, 2021, as amended by Amendment No. 8 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2021) among Avantor Funding, Inc., a Delaware corporation and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent and collateral agent for the lenders. 
 10-Q 10.1 7/29/2022 
 51 

Table of contents 

 Exhibit no. 
 Description Location of exhibits Form Exhibit no. Filing date 10.1 1 
 Security Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2017, among the grantors identified therein and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as agent. 
 S-1/A 10.3 4/10/2019 10.1 2 
 First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2017, by and among Avantor Funding, Inc. (f/k/a Avantor, Inc.), Vail Holdco Sub LLC, the other grantors party thereto, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as collateral agent for the credit agreement secured parties, the Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as collateral agent for the indenture secured parties and each additional agent party from time to time thereto. 
 S-1/A 10.4 4/10/2019 10.1 3 
 Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated March 27, 2020, among Avantor Receivables Funding, LLC, VWR International, LLC, the various conduit purchasers from time to time party thereto, the various related committed purchasers from time to time party thereto, the various purchaser agents from time to time party thereto, the various LC participants from time to time party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrator and LC Bank. 
 8-K 10.1 3/30/2020 10.1 4 
 Amendment No. 1 dated as of December 21, 2021 to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 27, 2020, among Avantor Receivables Funding, LLC, VWR International, LLC, the various conduit purchasers from time to time party thereto, the various related committed purchasers from time to time party thereto, the various purchaser agents from time to time thereto, the various LC participants from time to time party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrator and LC Bank. 
 10-K 10.13 2/11/2022 10.15 
 Amendment No.2 dated as of October 25, 2022 to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 27, 2020 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2021) among Avantor Receivables Funding, LLC, VWR International, LLC, the various conduit purchasers from time to time party thereto, the various purchaser agents from time to time thereto, the various LC participants from time to time party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrator and LC Bank 
 10-Q 10.2 10/28/2022 10.1 6 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated March 27, 2020, between the various entities listed on Schedule I thereto as Originators and Avantor Receivables Funding, LLC. 
 8-K 10.2 3/30/2020 10.1 7 
 Avantor Funding, Inc. (f/k/a Avantor, Inc.) Equity Incentive Plan (as amended through September 28, 2016). 
 S-1/A 10.12 4/5/2019 10.1 8 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the Avantor Funding, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-1/A 10.13 4/25/2019 
 52 

Table of contents 

 Exhibit no. 
 Description Location of exhibits Form Exhibit no. Filing date 10.1 9 
 Avantor, Inc. (f/k/a Vail Holdco Corp) Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-1/A 10.14 4/5/2019 10. 20 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the Avantor, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-1/A 10.15 4/25/2019 10. 21 
 Avantor, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 
 8-K 10.2 5/21/2019 10.2 2 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the Avantor, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-1/A 10.25 4/25/2019 10.2 3 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Grant Notice Under The Avantor, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (Employees) 
 10-K 10.22 2/16/2021 10.2 4 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Avantor, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (Employees). 
 S-1/A 10.26 4/25/2019 10.2 5 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Avantor, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (Non-Employee Directors). 
 S-1/A 10.27 4/25/2019 10.2 6 
 Avantor, Inc. 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 8-K 10.3 5/21/2019 10.2 7 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Avantor, Inc. 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 S-8 4.4 11/14/2019 10. 28 
 Amendment No.2 to the Avantor, Inc. 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 10-Q 10.1 10/28/2022 10.2 9 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated April 10, 2019, between Michael Stubblefield and Avantor, Inc. (f/k/a Vail Holdco Corp) 
 S-1/A 10.16 4/25/2019 10. 3 0 
 Employment Letter Agreement, dated October 5, 2018, between Thomas A. Szlosek and Avantor, Inc. (f/k/a Vail Holdco Corp) 
 S-1/A 10.17 4/5/2019 10. 31 
 Amended and Restated Employment Letter Agreement, dated April 2, 2019, between Gerard Brophy and VWR Management Services, LLC 
 S-1/A 10.19 4/10/2019 10. 32 
 Contract of Employment, dated June 29, 2018, between Frederic Vanderhaegen and VWR International GmbH 
 S-1/A 10.20 4/25/2019 10.3 3 
 Addendum to Contract of Employment, dated April 10, 2019, between Frederic Vanderhaegen and VWR International GmbH 
 S-1/A 10.21 4/25/2019 10.34 
 Employment Letter Agreement dated December 18, 2020 between Sheri Lewis and VWR Management Services, LLC 
 10-Q 10.2 7/29/2022 10.3 5 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (between Avantor, Inc. and its directors and officers) 
 S-1/A 10.23 4/25/2019 21 
 List of subsidiaries of Avantor, Inc. 
 23 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 53 

Table of contents 

 Exhibit no. 
 Description Location of exhibits Form Exhibit no. Filing date 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 101 The following materials from this report, formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K summary 
 None. 
 54 

Table of contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Avantor, Inc. 
 Date: February 14, 2023 By: /s/ Steven Eck 
 Name: Steven Eck Title: 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Authorized Signatory) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated, as of February 14, 2023. 
 /s/ Michael Stubblefield Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Michael Stubblefield /s/ Thomas A. Szlosek Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Thomas A. Szlosek /s/ Steven Eck Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 Steven Eck /s/ Juan Andres 
 Director Juan Andres 
 /s/ Michael Severino 
 Director Michael Severino 
 /s/ John Carethers 
 Director John Carethers 
 /s/ Joseph Massaro 
 Director Joseph Massaro 
 /s/ Jonathan Peacock 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors Jonathan Peacock 
 /s/ Lan Kang 
 Director Lan Kang 
 
 55 

Table of contents 

 /s/ Christi Shaw 
 Director Christi Shaw 
 /s/ Greg Summe 
 Director Greg Summe 
 /s/ Mala Murthy 
 Director Mala Murthy 

56 

Avantor, Inc. and subsidiaries 
 Index to consolidated financial statements Page 
 Report of independent registered public accounting firm 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated balance sheets 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated statements of operations 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated statements of comprehensive income or loss 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated statements of stockholders equity 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated statements of cash flows 
 F- 10 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 
 F- 12 

F-1 

Table of contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Avantor, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Avantor, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income or loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 14, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 F-2 

Table of contents 

 Goodwill Americas and Europe Reporting Units - Refer to Notes 2, 6 and 11 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level on October 1 of each year or more frequently whenever an event or change in circumstance occurs that would require reassessment of the recoverability of the asset. Quantitative impairment testing requires the Company to estimate the fair value of each of its four reporting units. The Company estimates the fair value of each reporting unit using a weighted average of two valuation methods based on a discounted cash flows method and a guideline public company method. These valuation methods require management to make various assumptions, which include, but are not limited to, future profitability, cash flows, discount rates, weighting of valuation methods, and the selection of comparable publicly traded companies (peer groups). If the Company determines the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge is recorded for the excess. No impairment charges were recorded as each reporting unit had a fair value substantially in excess of its carrying value . 
 The assumptions management made to estimate fair value for the Americas and Europe reporting units under the discounted cash flows method included net sales growth and discount rates and, under the guideline public company method, the selection of appropriate peer groups and market multiples. Performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of these assumptions for the Americas and Europe reporting units required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures over management s estimates of net sales growth and discount rates as well as the selection of peer groups and market multiples for the Americas and Europe reporting units included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over management s goodwill impairment testing, including those over management s assumptions of net sales growth and discount rates under the discounted cash flows method and the selection of appropriate peer groups and market multiples under the guideline public company method. 
 We evaluated management s ability to accurately forecast net sales growth by comparing management s forecasts reflected in the prior period Americas and European reporting unit forecasts to actual results. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the discount rate assumptions and the selection of peer groups and guideline public company market multiples, including testing the underlying information supporting these assumptions and the mathematical accuracy of the calculations. 
 
 Long-Lived Asset Impairment Ritter GmbH Refer to Notes 2, 4, and 6 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company s long-lived assets include property, plant and equipment, finite-lived intangible assets and certain other assets. For impairment purposes, the Company groups its long-lived assets with working capital and other types of assets or liabilities if they generate cash flows on a combined basis. The 
 F-3 

Table of contents 

 Company evaluates long-lived assets, or asset groups, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate a potential inability to recover their carrying amounts. Events that result in an impairment review include a significant decrease in the operating results of the asset group or significant adverse changes in the business climate. When such events or changes in circumstances occur, the Company compares the asset group s carrying value to its estimated undiscounted future cash flows. If the carrying value of the asset group exceeds the estimated undiscounted future cash flows, an analysis is performed to estimate the fair value of the asset group. An impairment charge is recorded if the fair value of the asset group is less than its carrying amount. 
 The Ritter revenues have declined in 2022 compared to Management s prior expectations, primarily from reduced customer demand for medical fluid handling tips due to a decrease in COVID-19 testing. The assumptions management made to evaluate the Ritter asset group for impairment included an evaluation as to whether an indication of impairment is identified and, if so, an estimate of cash flows from forecasts of sales and gross profit for the asset group. Performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of these assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to use more experienced audit professionals. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures to evaluate whether management appropriately identified events or changes in circumstances indicating that the carrying amounts of the Ritter asset group may not be recoverable, and, when applicable, developed reasonable forecasts of sales and gross profit, included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of the controls over management s identification of events or changes in circumstances that indicate that the carrying amount of the asset group may not be recoverable and the key assumptions utilized in estimating the undiscounted future cash flows. 
 We evaluated management s impairment analysis by: 
 Evaluating the asset group for possible indications of impairment and corroborating information used in the identification of impairment indicators. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of the key assumptions used in management s undiscounted cash flow forecast by comparing them to: 
 Historical sales and gross profit. 
 Internal communications to management and the board of directors. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 February 14, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 
 F-4 

Table of contents 

 Avantor, Inc. and subsidiaries 
 Consolidated balance sheets (in millions) December 31, 
 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and 
 Inventory Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and 
 Other intangible assets, net (see note 11) 
 Goodwill Other assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Current portion of debt Accounts payable Employee-related liabilities Accrued interest Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Debt, net of current portion Deferred income tax liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see note 13) 
 Stockholders equity: MCPS including paid-in capital, and shares outstanding 
 Common stock including paid-in capital, and shares issued and outstanding 
 Accumulated earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 F-5 

Table of contents 

 Avantor, Inc. and subsidiaries 
 Consolidated statements of operations (in millions, except per share data) 
 Year ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating income 
 Interest expense ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) ) ) Other (expense) income, net 
 ) Income before income taxes 
 Income tax (expense) benefit 
 ) ) Net income 
 Accumulation of yield on preferred stock ) ) ) Net income available to common stockholders 
 Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 F-6 

Table of contents 

 Avantor, Inc. and subsidiaries 
 Consolidated statements of comprehensive income or loss (in millions) 
 Year ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 Net income 
 Other comprehensive (loss) income: 
 Foreign currency translation unrealized (loss) gain 
 ) ) Derivative instruments: Unrealized gain (loss) 
 ) Reclassification of (gain) loss into earnings 
 ) ) Activity related to defined benefit plans ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before income taxes 
 ) ) Income tax effect ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income 
 ) ) Comprehensive income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 F-7 

Table of contents 

 Avantor, Inc. and subsidiaries 
 Consolidated statements of stockholders equity (in millions) 
 MCPS including paid-in capital Common stock including paid-in capital Accumulated (deficit) earnings AOCI Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance on December 31, 2019 ) ) Impact of new accounting standard ) ) Comprehensive income 
 Stock-based compensation expense Accumulation of yield on preferred stock ) ) Stock option exercises and other common stock transactions Balance on December 31, 2020 ) Comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) Issuance of stock, net of issuance costs Stock-based compensation expense Accumulation of yield on preferred stock ) ) Stock option exercises and other common stock transactions Balance on December 31, 2021 ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 F-8 

Table of contents 

 Avantor, Inc. and subsidiaries 
 Consolidated statements of stockholders equity (continued) 
 (in millions) 
 MCPS including paid-in capital Common stock including paid-in capital Accumulated (deficit) earnings AOCI Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance on December 31, 2021 ) Comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) Stock-based compensation expense Accumulation of yield on preferred stock ) ) Stock option exercises and other common stock transactions Conversion of MCPS into common stock ) ) Balance on December 31, 2022 ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 F-9 

Table of contents 

 Avantor, Inc. and subsidiaries 
 Consolidated statements of cash flows (in millions) 
 Year ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income 
 Reconciling adjustments: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense 
 Provision for accounts receivable and inventory Deferred income tax benefit 
 ) ) ) Amortization of deferred financing costs Loss on extinguishment of debt Foreign currency remeasurement loss (gain) 
 ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Inventory ) ) ) Accounts payable Accrued interest ) Other assets and liabilities ) Other, net ) Net cash provided by operating activities 
 Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Cash proceeds from settlement of cross currency swap Other Net cash used in investing activities 
 ) ) ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 F-10 

Table of contents 

 Avantor, Inc. and subsidiaries 
 Consolidated statements of cash flows (continued) (in millions) 
 Year ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from financing activities: Debt borrowings Debt repayments ) ) ) Payments of debt refinancing fees and premiums ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of stock, net of issuance costs Payments of dividends on preferred stock ) ) ) Proceeds received from exercise of stock options Shares repurchased to satisfy employee tax obligations for vested stock-based awards ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 ) ) Effect of currency rate changes on cash ) ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 F-11 

Table of contents 

 Avantor, Inc. and subsidiaries 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 
 Series A MCPS, par value per share, automatically converted into million shares of our common stock, in accordance with their terms. The conversion rate for each share of MCPS was shares of our common stock, subject to receipt of cash in lieu of fractional shares, and was determined based on the price of our common stock on the date of conversion. No outstanding shares of the MCPS remained following the mandatory conversion. 
 
 F-12 

Table of contents 

 geographic segments based on customer location: the Americas, Europe and AMEA. Our operating segments are the same as our reportable segments. 
 None of our customers contributed more than 10 to our net sales, and we disclose net sales for the following product lines: proprietary materials consumables, third party materials consumables, services specialty procurement and equipment instrumentation. 
 We disclose geographic data for our two largest countries, the United States and Germany, as a percentage of consolidated net sales. No other countries were individually material. We also disclose certain regional data because of differences in geopolitical and / or competitive conditions. We disclose property and equipment by geographic area because many of these assets cannot be readily moved and are illiquid, subjecting them to geographic risk. None of our other long-lived assets are subject to significant geopolitical risk. We do not manage total assets on a segment basis. Segment information about interest expense, income tax expense or benefit and other significant non-cash items are not disclosed because they are not included in the segment profitability measurement nor are they otherwise provided to our chief operating decision maker on a regular basis. 
 F-13 

Table of contents 

years for buildings and related improvements, three to years for machinery and equipment and three to years for capitalized software. Leasehold improvements are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the estimated remaining life of the lease. Depreciation is classified as cost of sales or SG A expense based on the use of the underlying asset. 
 Software development costs are capitalized as property, plant and equipment once the preliminary project stage is completed and management commits to funding the project if it is probable that the project will be completed for its intended use. Preliminary project planning and training costs related to software are expensed as incurred. 
 F-14 

Table of contents 

 years, tradenames amortized over lives of ten to years and other finite-lived intangible assets amortized over lives of five to years. Amortization is classified in SG A expenses. We reevaluate the estimated useful lives of our finite-lived intangible assets annually. 
 F-15 

Table of contents 

F-16 

Table of contents 

 F-17 

Table of contents 

 F-18 

Table of contents 

 F-19 

Table of contents 

 F-20 

Table of contents 

 . 

F-21 

Table of contents 

 million cumulative effect adjustment to increase accumulated deficit, (ii) increased our allowance for credit losses to accounts receivable by million, and (iii) recognized a million reduction to deferred income tax liabilities. 
 Other 
 There were no other new accounting standards that we expect to have a material impact to our financial position or results of operations upon adoption. 
 
 4. 
 million. 
 Property, plant equipment Other intangible assets Goodwill Other assets and liabilities 
 ) Deferred income taxes, net ) Total net assets 
 The assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their fair values as part of our Americas operating segment as of November 1, 2021. The balances of the acquired assets and liabilities have been updated from the provisional amounts recorded during the period of acquisition to reflect additional information relating to the fair value of acquired inventory, tangible and intangible assets, working capital, and the related deferred tax assets, and are considered final. The purchase accounting adjustments that impacted current period income were adjustments to other intangible assets and inventory, which impacted amortization expense, recorded as SG A expenses, and cost of sales, respectively, and were immaterial to the results of our operations. 
 
 F-22 

Table of contents 

 years Customer relationships years Developed technology - Tubing years Developed technology - Pumps years Total 
 The goodwill represents intellectual capital and the acquired assembled workforce, which are other intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. A portion of the goodwill is deductible for tax purposes and is included in the Americas operating segment. 
 Ritter GmbH acquisition 
 On June 10, 2021, we completed the acquisition of Ritter GmbH for net cash consideration of million, and contingent consideration with a fair value of million on the date of acquisition. Ritter GmbH's current business is focused on providing diagnostic system providers and liquid handling OEMs with robotic fluid handling tips, plates, and other consumables. The combination of our companies expanded our proprietary offerings to our biopharma and healthcare customers and enhance our offerings for critical lab automation workflows. The combined businesses also share similar characteristics including a recurring, specification-driven revenue profile and a consumable-driven portfolio of products produced to exacting standards that enhances our unique customer value proposition. 
 Cash acquired ) Net cash consideration Fair value of acquisition contingent consideration Purchase price 
 The contingent consideration has a maximum potential payout of million over three years. The fair value of the contingent consideration was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation as further described in note 22. 
 million, which included the following: 
 F-23 

Table of contents 

 Inventory Property, plant equipment Other intangible assets Goodwill Other assets and liabilities 
 ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses ) Debt ) Deferred income taxes, net ) Total net assets 
 years Developed technology years Total 
 The goodwill represents intellectual capital and the acquired assembled workforce, which are other intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. Of the goodwill recognized, none is deductible for tax purposes. 
 RIM Bio acquisition 
 On June 1, 2021, we completed the acquisition of RIM Bio, a China-based single-use bioprocess bag manufacturer. RIM Bio's current business provides a complete range of single-use 2D bags, 3D bags, tank liners, bag assemblies and multi-bag manifolds used in the manufacturing of biologics including monoclonal antibodies (mAbs), vaccines, cell and gene therapies, and recombinant proteins. The addition of RIM Bio enables us to better serve our customers by expanding our single-use manufacturing, distribution, and cleanroom capabilities to the AMEA region. The impact of this acquisition is not material to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Revenue from acquired companies 
 Masterflex has generated revenues of million during the year ended December 31, 2022 and million during the period November 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021. 
 Ritter has generated revenues of million during the year ended December 31, 2022 and million during the period June 10, 2021 through December 31, 2021. 
 F-24 

Table of contents 

 million on December 31, 2022, including million of finite-lived intangible assets and million of property, plant equipment. 
 Acquisition-related costs of completed acquisitions 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred million of acquisition-related costs. These costs consist of non-recurring legal, accounting, investment banking, certain financing and consulting fees incurred to complete our acquisitions. All acquisition costs are expensed in the period incurred and excluded from Adjusted EBITDA, as shown in footnote 7 of these consolidated financial statements. These acquisition costs have been primarily recorded within the Europe, Americas and Corporate operating segments and presented in SG A in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Proforma disclosures 
 Net income ) 
 The unaudited pro forma combined financial information presented above includes the accounting effects of the Ritter and Masterflex acquisitions, including, to the extent applicable, amortization charges from acquired intangible assets; depreciation of property, plant and equipment that have been revalued; transaction costs; interest expense; and the related tax effects. 
 F-25 

Table of contents 

 5. 
 Dilutive effect of stock-based awards Dilutive impact of MCPS Diluted 
 million, and excluded million of common stock equivalents under the MCPS because they were anti-dilutive to the calculation. 
 
 F-26 

Table of contents 

 of our employees in North America were represented by unions, and a majority of our employees in Europe are represented by workers councils or unions. 
 
 Europe AMEA Corporate ) ) ) Total 
 (in millions) 
 Capital expenditures 
 Year ended December 31, 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Year ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Americas Europe AMEA Total 
 The amounts above exclude inter-segment activity because it is not material. All of the net sales for each segment are from external customers. 
 F-27 

Table of contents 

 Interest expense Income tax expense (benefit) 
 ) Depreciation and amortization Loss on extinguishment of debt Net foreign currency loss (gain) from financing activities 
 ) Other stock-based compensation (benefit) expense 
 ) Acquisition-related expenses 1 
 Integration-related expenses 2 
 Purchase accounting adjustments 3 
 Restructuring and severance charges 4 
 Receipt of disgorgement penalty 5 
 ) Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 1. Represents legal, accounting, investment banking and consulting fees incurred related to the acquisition of acquired companies. 
 2. Represents non-recurring direct costs incurred with third parties to integrate acquired companies. These expenses represent incremental costs and are unrelated to normal operations of our business. Integration expenses are incurred over a pre-defined integration period specific to each acquisition. 
 3. Represents the non-cash reduction of contingent consideration related to the Ritter acquisition and the amortization of the purchase accounting adjustment to record inventory acquired from Masterflex and Ritter at fair value. 
 4. Reflects the incremental expenses incurred in the period related to initiatives to increase profitability and productivity. Typical costs included in this caption are employee severance, site-related exit costs, and contract termination costs. 
 5. As described in note 19 to our consolidated financial statements beginning on F-1 of this report. 
 Third party materials consumables Services specialty procurement Equipment instrumentation Total 
 F-28 

Table of contents 

 Germany Other countries in Europe All other countries Total 

Restricted cash classified as other assets Total 
 (in millions) 
 Year ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Cash paid for income taxes, net Cash paid for interest, net, excluding financing leases Cash paid for interest on finance leases Cash paid under operating leases Cash flows from financing activities: Cash paid under finance leases 
 At December 31, 2022, million or of our cash and cash equivalents was held by our non-U.S. subsidiaries and may be subject to certain taxes upon repatriation, primarily where foreign withholding taxes apply. 
 
 F-29 

Table of contents 

 Finished goods Raw materials Work in process Total Inventory under the LIFO method: Percentage of total inventory Excess of current cost over carrying value 

Machinery, equipment and other Software Land Assets not yet placed into service Property, plant and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense was million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 
 F-30 

Table of contents 

 Currency translation ) ) ) ) Additions Ending balance, net Accumulated impairment losses Ending balance, gross 
 (in millions) 
 December 31, 2021 
 Americas Europe AMEA Total Beginning balance, net Currency translation ) ) ) Additions Ending balance, net Accumulated impairment losses Ending balance, gross 
 Trade names Other Total finite-lived Indefinite-lived Total 
 Amortization expense was million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 
 F-31 

Table of contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

Other Total 
 Current year restructuring expenses represent costs related to facility closures and employee severance under various management-approved productivity initiatives. 
 2017 restructuring program 
 The 2017 restructuring program was a three-year program designed to optimize our sales, gross margins and operating costs, and concluded at December 31, 2020. Spending under the program included million for capital expenditures and million for employee severance and related costs, facility closures and other charges through its three year duration. The program includes combining sales and marketing resources, eliminating redundant corporate functions, optimizing procurement and our manufacturing footprint, and implementing best practices throughout the organization. 
 F-32 

Table of contents 

 Facility closure Other Total Americas Europe AMEA Corporate Total 
 Expenses Cash payments ) ) ) Currency translation ) Ending balance 

F-33 

Table of contents 

 million environmental escrow established at the time of the closing. Specifically, Mallinckrodt will be responsible for reimbursement of of the total costs up to million of such environmental liabilities. Mallinckrodt will then be responsible for reimbursement of of the next million of such environmental liabilities. If such environmental liabilities exceed 80.0 million in the aggregate, Mallinckrodt will be responsible for reimbursement of of such liabilities up to the next million in the aggregate. Currently, reimbursements are 80 of the amounts spent by us, with reimbursements and settlements to date exceeding million. In addition, in connection with operation and maintenance activities required pursuant to administrative consent orders and subsequently issued remedial action permits involving our Phillipsburg, New Jersey, facility, amounts in excess of a small annual threshold are also subject to reimbursement, currently at the level. 
 Other noteworthy matters 
 The New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection has ordered us to remediate groundwater conditions near our plant in Phillipsburg, New Jersey. This matter is covered by the indemnification arrangement previously described. At December 31, 2022, our accrued obligation under this order is million, which is calculated based on expected cash payments discounted at rates ranging from to between 2022 and 2045. The undiscounted amount of that obligation is million. 
 In 2016, we assessed the environmental condition of our chemical manufacturing site in Gliwice, Poland. Our assessment revealed specific types of soil and groundwater contamination throughout the site. We are also monitoring the condition of a closed landfill on that site. These matters are not covered by our indemnification arrangement because they relate to an operation we subsequently acquired. At December 31, 2022, our balance sheet includes a liability of million for remediation and monitoring costs. That liability is estimated primarily on discounted expected remediation payments and is not materially different from its undiscounted amount. 
 Manufacture and sale of products 
 Our business involves risk of product liability, patent infringement and other claims in the ordinary course of business arising from the products that we produce ourselves or obtain from our suppliers, as well as 
 F-34 

Table of contents 

F-35 

Table of contents 

Senior secured credit facilities: Euro term loans B-3 EURIBOR plus 
 Euro term loans B-4 EURIBOR plus 
 Euro term loans B-5 EURIBOR plus 
 U.S. dollar term loans B-4 LIBOR plus 
 U.S. dollar term loans B-5 LIBOR plus 
 2.625 secured notes fixed rate 3.875 unsecured notes fixed rate 3.875 unsecured notes fixed rate 4.625 unsecured notes fixed rate Finance lease liabilities Other Total debt, gross Less: unamortized deferred financing costs ) ) Total debt Classification on balance sheets: Current portion of debt Debt, net of current portion 
 
 1. SOFR includes credit spread adjustment. 
 . 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total debt, gross 
 
 F-36 

Table of contents 

 Undrawn letters of credit outstanding ) ) Outstanding borrowings ) ) Unused availability 
 Current availability under the receivables facility depends upon maintaining a sufficient borrowing base of eligible accounts receivable. At December 31, 2022, million of accounts receivable were available as collateral under the facility. 
 Receivables facility 
 The receivables facility is with a commercial bank and functions like a line of credit. On October 25, 2022, we amended the receivables facility to increase its funding limit up to million and extended the term to October 27, 2025. The fees to complete this transaction were not material. Borrowings are secured by accounts receivable which are sold by certain of our domestic subsidiaries to a special-purpose consolidated subsidiary. As a result, those receivables are not available to satisfy the claims of other creditors. We bear the risk of collection on those receivables and account for the receivables facility as a secured borrowing. 
 The receivables facility includes representations and covenants that we consider usual and customary, including a financial covenant. That covenant becomes applicable for periods in which we have drawn more than of our revolving credit facility under the senior secured credit facilities. When applicable, we may not have total borrowings in excess of a pro forma net leverage ratio, as defined. This covenant was not applicable at December 31, 2022. 
 Senior secured credit facilities 
 On December 31, 2022, the senior secured credit facilities consist of a million revolving credit facility that matures on July 14, 2025, a million term loan facility that matures on November 8, 2027, a million term loan facility that matures on June 9, 2026 and a million term loan facility that matures on June 9, 2028. The revolving credit facility allows us to issue letters of credit and also to issue short term notes. Borrowings under the facilities are guaranteed by substantially all of our domestic subsidiaries and secured by substantially all of their assets except for the accounts receivable that secure the receivables facility. 
 The senior secured credit facilities bear interest at variable rates. The margin on the revolving credit facility declines if certain net leverage ratios are achieved. Various other immaterial fees are payable under the facilities. 
 We are required to make additional prepayments if: (i) we generate excess cash flows, as defined, at specified percentages that decline if certain net leverage ratios are achieved; or (ii) we receive cash proceeds from certain types of asset sales or debt issuances. No additional required prepayments have become due since the inception of the credit facilities. We may also prepay the term loans at our option. 
 F-37 

Table of contents 

 million and million, respectively, of Euro term loans and million and million, respectively, of U.S. dollar term loans. In connection with the 2022 and 2021 prepayments, we recorded losses on extinguishment of debt of million and million, respectively, for the proportional write-off of the related unamortized deferred financing costs. 
 The senior secured credit facilities contain certain other customary covenants, including a financial covenant. That covenant becomes applicable in periods when we have drawn more than of our revolving credit facility. When applicable, we may not have total borrowings in excess of a pro forma net leverage ratio, as defined. This covenant was not applicable at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Common stock 
 Conversion of MCPS into Common Stock 
 In May of 2022, all outstanding shares of Series A MCPS, par value per share, automatically converted into million shares of our common stock, in accordance with their terms. The conversion rate for each share of MCPS was shares of our common stock, subject to receipt of cash in lieu of fractional shares, and was determined based on the price of our common stock on the date of conversion. No outstanding shares of the MCPS remained following the mandatory conversion. 
 MCPS accrued cumulative dividends at a rate of per annum on the liquidation preference of per share. Accrued cumulative dividends in arrears as of December 31, 2022 was , and we paid a dividend of million during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Common stock 
 Each share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote for applicable matters. Holders are entitled to receive dividends declared by the board of directors and a pro rata share of assets available for distribution after satisfaction of the rights of the preferred stockholders. 
 F-38 

Table of contents ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) 
 ) Reclassification of (gain) loss into earnings 
 ) ) Change due to income taxes Balance on December 31, 2020 ) ) Unrealized (loss) gain 
 ) ) ) Reclassification of loss into earnings 
 Change due to income taxes ) ) ) ) Balance on December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Unrealized (loss) gain 
 ) ) Reclassification of gain into earnings 
 ) ) ) Change due to income taxes ) ) ) ) Balance on December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 The reclassifications and income tax effects shown above were immaterial to the financial statements and were made to either cost of sales or selling, general and administrative expense depending upon the nature of the underlying transaction. The income tax effects in 2022 on foreign currency translation were due to our net investment hedge and cross-currency swap discussed in note 21. 
 
 F-39 

Table of contents 

 Service cost Interest cost Employee contributions Actuarial gain 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Settlements and curtailments ) ) Currency translation ) ) Other ) ) Ending balance Fair value of plan assets: Beginning balance (Loss) return on plan assets 
 ) ) ) Employer contributions Employee contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Settlements and curtailments ) ) Currency translation ) ) Other Ending balance Funded status at end of year ) ) ) ) 
 F-40 

Table of contents 

 Amounts recorded in balance sheet: Other assets Other current liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) Other liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) Funded status ) ) ) ) Components of AOCI, excluding tax effects: Actuarial (loss) gain 
 ) ) ) Prior service gain 
 
 Annual rate of salary increase Health care cost trends: Initial rate n/a 
 n/a n/a n/a Ultimate rate n/a n/a n/a n/a Year ultimate rate is reached n/a n/a n/a n/a 
 The discount rate continues to be the primary driver for changes in the projected benefit obligation. The increases in discount rates in 2022 and 2021 caused most of the actuarial gains in the U.S. and Non-U.S. pension plan projected benefit obligation. The increases in discount rate in the U.S. medical plan in 2022 and 2021 was the primary reason for the actuarial gains. 
 
 F-41 

Table of contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2032 
 We do not expect to make any material contributions to our defined benefit plans in 2023. 
 Fixed income Equity Total Non-U.S. plans: Cash Fixed income Equity Other Insurance contracts 
 Total 
 
 1. Investments are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient, and therefore, are not classified in the fair value hierarchy. 
 For the U.S. plans, our primary investment strategy is to match the duration of plan assets with benefit obligations. This strategy, utilizing diversified fixed income funds, attempts to hedge the rate used to discount pension obligations. The fixed income funds invest in long duration investment grade corporate bonds primarily across industrial, financial and utilities sectors and is managed by a single institution. Surplus assets are invested in equity funds. We estimate the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets considering prior performance, the mix of assets and expectations for the long-term returns on those asset classes. Assets measured using Level 3 inputs were not material to the portfolio. 
 F-42 

Table of contents 

 Purchases Actual returns Settlements ) ) Currency translation ) ) Ending balance 

RSUs Equity Optionholder awards Liability Other Both ) Total Award classification: Equity Liability ) 
 At December 31, 2022, unvested awards have remaining expense of million to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 We recognized a reduction to income tax expense as a result of tax benefits associated with our stock-based compensation plans of million, million and million, in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Our stock-based compensation awards have been issued under a succession of plans sponsored by the ultimate parent of our business, which is currently Avantor, Inc. In connection with the IPO, we adopted the 2019 Plan. The 2019 Plan provides for up to million shares of common stock to be issued in the form of stock options, restricted stock units or other equity-based awards or cash-based awards. The 2019 Plan also provides for 1 annual increases to the number of shares of common stock available for issuance unless reduced by our Board of Directors. At December 31, 2022, million shares were 
 F-43 

Table of contents 

 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Balance on December 31, 2022 years Expected to vest years Vested years 
 During 2022, we granted stock options that have a contractual life of ten years and will vest annually over four years, subject to the recipient continuously providing service to us through each such date. 
 Assumptions used to determine grant date fair value: Expected stock price volatility Risk free interest rate Expected dividend rate Expected life of options years years years 
 F-44 

Table of contents 

 Intrinsic value of options exercised 
 RSUs 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Balance on December 31, 2022 
 During 2022, we granted restricted stock units that will vest annually over three to four years, subject to the recipient continuously providing service to us through each such date. Certain of those awards contain performance and market conditions that impact the number of shares that will ultimately vest. The expense recorded on such awards for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 million, million and million , respectively. ) Income related to defined benefit plans 
 Other Other (expense) income, net 
 ) 
 million of other income related to the disgorgement of disallowed trading profits from Goldman Sachs, which was a related party until December 31, 2020 and expensed million of debt issuance costs related to the issuance of an additional million under our million term loan facility . 
 F-45 

Table of contents 

 ) Foreign Total Current income tax (expense) benefit: Federal ) ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Subtotal ) ) ) Deferred income tax (expense) benefit: Federal ) State ) Foreign Subtotal Income tax (expense) benefit 
 ) ) 
 United States federal corporate rate Income tax expense at federal corporate rate 
 ) ) ) State income taxes, net of federal benefit ) ) Rate changes related to foreign jurisdictions ) ) Stock-based compensation Foreign taxes Valuation allowance ) Changes to uncertain tax positions ) Foreign-derived intangible income Transaction costs ) Other, net ) Income tax (expense) benefit 
 ) ) 
 As a result of the new tax reform legislation, in 2018 we finalized the provisional accounting of previously recognized provisional one-time income tax effects based on new transition tax rules and interpretations issued that year, as shown in the table above. After the utilization of tax attributes such as net operating loss carryforwards, our transition tax payable was million at December 31, 2022. 
 F-46 

Table of contents 

 Pension, postretirement and environmental liabilities Net operating loss and research and development carryforwards Other Deferred tax assets, gross Less: valuation allowances ) ) Deferred tax assets, net Deferred tax liabilities: Intangibles ) ) Property, plant and equipment ) ) Investment in partnerships ) ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liability 
 ) ) Classification on balance sheets: Other assets Deferred income tax liabilities ) ) 
 The (decrease) increase to the valuation allowance was ) million in 2022, ) million in 2021 and million in 2020. 
 At December 31, 2022, million of the valuation allowances presented above relate to foreign net operating loss carryforwards that are not expected to be realized. We evaluate the realization of deferred tax assets by considering such factors as the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, expected profitability by tax jurisdiction and available carryforward periods. The extent and timing of any such reversals will influence the extent of tax benefits recognized in a particular year. Should applicable losses, credits and deductions ultimately be realized, the resulting reduction in the valuation allowance would generally be recognized as an income tax benefit. 
 Uncertain tax positions 
 We file federal income tax returns in the United States and other tax returns in various states and international jurisdictions. In the normal course of business, we are subject to examination by taxing authorities throughout the world. We provide reserves for positions that are more likely than not to be overturned by a tax authority upon examination. Tax years are subject to examination in the United States since 2009 at the federal level, since 2005 for certain states and in certain international jurisdictions since 2008. 
 F-47 

Table of contents 

 Additions: Tax positions related to the current year Tax positions related to prior years Reductions: Tax positions related to prior years ) Settlements with taxing authorities ) ) ) Lapse of statutes of limitations ) ) ) Currency translation ) ) Ending balance 
 Accrued interest and penalties related to the reserve for uncertain tax positions were million at December 31, 2022, million at December 31, 2021 and million at December 31, 2020. We believe that it is reasonably possible that the reserve for uncertain tax positions could decrease by up to million over the next twelve months. 
 The development of reserves for uncertain tax positions requires judgments about tax issues, potential outcomes and the timing of settlement discussions with tax authorities. If we were to prevail on all uncertain tax positions, we would recognize an income tax benefit. 
 Other matters 
 Undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries that are deemed to be permanently invested amount to million at December 31, 2022. In addition to the one-time transition tax imposed on all accumulated foreign undistributed earnings through December 31, 2017, undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 is subject to certain taxes upon repatriation, primarily where foreign withholding taxes apply. We assert indefinite reinvestment related to investments in foreign subsidiaries. It is not practicable to calculate the unrecognized deferred tax liability on undistributed foreign earnings due to the complexity of the hypothetical calculation. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had federal net operating loss carryforwards of million that primarily expire in 2040 and state net operating loss carryforwards of million that expire at various times through 2040. In addition, we had foreign net operating loss carryforwards of million, which predominantly have indefinite expirations. The increase in U.S. Federal and State net operating losses is related to the 2021 acquisition of Masterflex. 
 F-48 

Table of contents 

 21. 
 million will be reclassified as a reduction to interest expense. 
 
 Effect of cash flow hedge accounting on AOCI 

F-49 

Table of contents 

 Interest expense 
 ) Total ) 
 Effect of cash flow hedge accounting on the income statement) Amount of loss reclassified from AOCI into income 
 ) 
 Net investment hedges 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on investments it holds in foreign entities, specifically our net investment in Avantor Holdings B.V., a EUR-functional-currency consolidated subsidiary, against the risk of changes in the EUR-USD exchange rate. 
 For derivatives designated as net investment hedges, the gain or loss on the derivative is reported in AOCI as part of the cumulative translation adjustment. Amounts are reclassified out of AOCI into earnings when the hedged net investment is either sold or substantially liquidated. 
 
 Effect of net investment hedges on AOCI and the income statement 
 
 F-50 

Table of contents 

 Interest income 
 Total 
 The Company did not reclassify any other deferred gains or losses related to cash flow hedge from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to earnings for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Other current assets 
 Other current liabilities 
 Other current liabilities 
 Foreign exchange products 
 Other current assets 
 Other current assets 
 Other current liabilities 
 ) Other current liabilities 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Termination of cross-currency swap 
 
 In July 2022, we terminated our existing million cross-currency swap, maturing on April 30, 2025 and monetized million of cash proceeds. We simultaneously entered into new on-market million fixed-to-fixed cross-currency swap to hedge our exposure to changes in foreign exchange rates of its foreign investments. The purpose of this swap is to replace the swap that we terminated in July 2022. The new swap matures on April 30, 2025. Cross-currency swaps involve the receipt of functional- 
 F-51 

Table of contents 

 million senior unsecured notes, issued on July 17, 2020, and maturing on July 15, 2028, as a hedge of our net investment in certain of our European operations. For instruments that are designated and qualify as net investment hedges, the foreign currency transactional gains or losses are reported as a component of AOCI. The gains or losses would be reclassified into earnings upon a liquidation event or deconsolidation of a hedged foreign subsidiary. 
 Net investment hedge effectiveness is assessed based upon the change in the spot rate of the foreign currency denominated debt. The critical terms of the foreign currency notes match the portion of the net investments designated as being hedged. At December 31, 2022, the net investment hedge was equal to the designated portion of the European operations and was considered to be perfectly effective. 
 The accumulated (gain) loss related to the foreign currency denominated debt designated as net investment hedges classified in the foreign currency translation adjustment component of AOCI was ) million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.) ) 
 
 F-52 

Table of contents 

 Senior secured credit facilities: Euro term loans B-3 Euro term loans B-4 Euro term loans B-5 U.S. dollar term loans B-4 U.S. dollar term loans B-5 2.625 secured notes 3.875 unsecured notes 3.875 unsecured notes 4.625 unsecured notes Finance lease liabilities Other Total 
 The fair values of debt instruments are based on standard pricing models that take into account the present value of future cash flows, and in some cases private trading data, which are level 2 measurements. 
 Recurring fair value measurements with significant unobservable inputs 
 Certain of the business acquisitions we completed entitle the sellers to contingent consideration based on sales or earnings during a period of time following the acquisition. 
 F-53 

Table of contents 

 Acquisitions Changes to estimated fair value ) Cash payments Currency translation ) ) Ending balance 
 We estimated the fair value of contingent consideration on a recurring basis using the average of probability-weighted potential payments specified in the purchase agreements, which were level 3 measurements. The significant assumptions used in these calculations include forecasted results and the estimated likelihood for each performance scenario. 

Current portion of liabilities Other current liabilities Liabilities, net of current portion Other liabilities Finance leases: Lease assets Property, plant and equipment, net Current portion of liabilities Current portion of debt Liabilities, net of current portion Debt, net of current portion 
 Finance lease expense Total 
 
 (1) Operating lease expense for 2022 and 2021 includes million and million, respectively, classified as cost of sales and million and million classified as SG A expenses, respectively. 
 (2) Finance lease expense consists primarily of amortization of finance lease assets that is classified as SG A expenses. 
 F-54 

Table of contents 

 years years Finance leases years years Weighted average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Difference between undiscounted and discounted lease payments ) ) Lease liabilities 

F-55 

Table of contents 

 Total assets Stockholders equity MCPS including paid-in capital, and shares outstanding 
 Common stock including paid-in capital, and shares outstanding 
 Accumulated earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity 
 ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 ) Cash flows from financing activities: 
 Proceeds from issuance of stock, net of issuance costs Payments of dividends on preferred stock ) ) ) Contribution from unconsolidated subsidiaries 
 Proceeds received from exercise of stock options, net of shares repurchased to satisfy employee tax obligations for vested stock-based awards Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 
 
 F-56 

Table of contents 

 Cumulative effect of adopting new accounting standard Charged to costs and expenses Deductions (1) 
 ) Currency translation ) Balance on December 31, 2020 Charged to costs and expenses ) Deductions (1) 
 ) Currency translation ) ) Balance on December 31, 2021 Charged to costs and expenses Deductions (1) 
 ) Currency translation ) ) Balance on December 31, 2022 
 
 (1) For the allowance for expected credit losses, deductions represent bad debts charged off, net of recoveries, and other additions represent recoveries, net of bad debts charged off. 
 F-57 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 descriptionofcapitalstoc.htm
 EX-4.1

descriptionofcapitalstoc 

Exhibit 4.1 AVANTOR, INC. DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK The following is a description of the material terms of our capital stock, and is qualified in its entirety by, our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation and third amended and restated bylaws, each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part. Our common stock is our only security registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Our purpose is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may now or hereafter be organized under the Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (as the same exists or may hereafter be amended from time to time, the DGCL ). Our authorized capital stock consists of 750,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 75,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. Unless our Board of Directors determines otherwise, we will issue all shares of our capital stock in uncertificated form. Common stock Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters on which stockholders are entitled to vote generally, including the election or removal of directors, subject to certain limitations. The holders of our common stock do not have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets and after payment in full of all amounts required to be paid to creditors and to the holders of preferred stock having liquidation preferences, if any, the holders of our common stock will be entitled to receive our remaining assets available for distribution on a pro rata basis. Holders of our common stock do not have preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. The common stock is not subject to further calls or assessment by us. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. All shares of our common stock that are outstanding are fully paid and non- assessable. The rights, powers, preferences and privileges of holders of our common stock will be subject to those of the holders of any shares of our preferred stock we may authorize and issue in the future. Preferred stock Our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes our Board of Directors to establish one or more series of preferred stock (including convertible preferred stock). Unless required by law or by the rules of the NYSE, the authorized shares of preferred stock will be available for issuance without further stockholder action. Our Board of Directors is able to determine, with respect to any series of preferred stock, the terms and rights of that series, including: 

the designation of the series; the number of shares of the series, which our Board of Directors may, except where otherwise provided in the preferred stock designation, increase (but not above the total number of authorized shares of the class) or decrease (but not below the number of shares then outstanding); whether dividends, if any, will be cumulative or non-cumulative and the dividend rate of the series; the dates at which dividends, if any, will be payable; the redemption rights and price or prices, if any, for shares of the series; the terms and amounts of any sinking fund provided for the purchase or redemption of shares of the series; the amounts payable on shares of the series in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the affairs of our company; whether the shares of the series will be convertible into shares of any other class or series, or any other security, of our company or any other corporation, and, if so, the specification of the other class or series or other security, the conversion price or prices or rate or rates, any rate adjustments, the date or dates as of which the shares will be convertible and all other terms and conditions upon which the conversion may be made; restrictions on the issuance of shares of the same series or of any other class or series; and the voting rights, if any, of the holders of the series. We could issue a series of preferred stock that could, depending on the terms of the series, impede or discourage an acquisition attempt or other transaction that some, or a majority, of you might believe to be in your best interests or in which you might receive a premium for your common stock over the market price of the common stock. Additionally, the issuance of preferred stock may adversely affect the holders of our common stock by restricting dividends on the common stock, diluting the voting power of the common stock or subordinating the liquidation rights of the common stock. As a result of these or other factors, the issuance of preferred stock could have an adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. Dividends The DGCL permits a corporation to declare and pay dividends out of surplus or, if there is no surplus, out of its net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding year. Surplus is defined as the excess of the net assets of the corporation over the amount determined to be the capital of the corporation by the Board of Directors. The capital of the corporation is typically calculated to be (and cannot be less than) the aggregate par value of 

all issued shares of capital stock. Net assets equal the fair value of the total assets minus total liabilities. The DGCL also provides that dividends may not be paid out of net profits if, after the payment of the dividend, capital is less than the capital represented by the outstanding stock of all classes having a preference upon the distribution of assets. Declaration and payment of any dividend will be subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors. The time and amount of dividends will be dependent upon our financial condition, operations, cash requirements and availability, debt repayment obligations, capital expenditure needs and restrictions in our debt instruments, industry trends, the provisions of Delaware law affecting the payment of dividends to stockholders and any other factors our Board of Directors may consider relevant. Anti-takeover effects of our third amended and restated Certificate of Incorporation and third amended and restated bylaws and certain provisions of Delaware Law Our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation, third amended and restated bylaws and the DGCL, which are summarized in the following paragraphs, contain provisions that are intended to enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability in the composition of our Board of Directors. These provisions are intended to avoid costly takeover battles, reduce our vulnerability to a hostile change of control and enhance the ability of our Board of Directors to maximize stockholder value in connection with any unsolicited offer to acquire us. However, these provisions may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, deter or prevent a merger or acquisition of our company by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or other takeover attempt that a stockholder might consider is in its best interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the prevailing market price for the shares of common stock held by stockholders. Authorized but unissued capital stock Delaware law does not require stockholder approval for any issuance of authorized shares. However, the listing requirements of the NYSE, which would apply if and so long as our common stock remains listed on the NYSE, require stockholder approval of certain issuances equal to or exceeding 20 of the then outstanding voting power or then outstanding number of shares of common stock. These additional shares may be used for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings, to raise additional capital or to facilitate acquisitions. Our Board of Directors may issue shares of preferred stock on terms calculated to discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company or the removal of our management. Moreover, our authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock will be available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. One of the effects of the existence of unissued and unreserved common stock or preferred stock may be to enable our Board of Directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, which issuance could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain 

control of our company by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise, and thereby protect the continuity of our management and possibly deprive our stockholders of opportunities to sell their shares of common stock at prices higher than prevailing market prices. Business combinations We have opted out of Section 203 of the DGCL; however, our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains similar provisions providing that we may not engage in certain business combinations with any interested stockholder for a three-year period following the time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless: prior to such time, our Board of Directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding certain shares; or at or subsequent to that time, the business combination is approved by our Board of Directors and by the affirmative vote of holders of at least 662/3 of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. However, such restrictions will not apply if a stockholder becomes an interested stockholder inadvertently and (i) as soon as practicable divests itself of ownership of sufficient shares so that the stockholder ceases to be an interested stockholder and (ii) would not, at any time within the three-year period immediately prior to a business combination between the Company and such stockholder, have been an interested stockholder but for the inadvertent acquisition of ownership. Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Subject to certain exceptions, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with that person s affiliates and associates, owns, or within the previous three years owned, 15 or more of our voting stock. For purposes of this section only, voting stock has the meaning given to it in Section 203 of the DGCL. Under certain circumstances, this provision will make it more difficult for a person who would be an interested stockholder to effect various business combinations with a corporation for a three-year period. This provision may encourage companies interested in acquiring our company to negotiate in advance with our Board of Directors because the stockholder approval requirement would be avoided if our Board of Directors approves either the business combination or the transaction which results in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in our Board of Directors and may make it more difficult to accomplish transactions which stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 

Our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that New Mountain Capital and its affiliates and any of its direct or indirect transferees and any group as to which such persons are a party do not constitute interested stockholders for purposes of this provision. Removal of Directors; Vacancies Our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation and third amended and restated bylaws provide that directors may be removed either with or without cause upon the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. In addition, our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our third amended and restated bylaws also provide that, subject to the rights granted to one or more series of preferred stock then outstanding, any vacancies on our Board of Directors will be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. No cumulative voting Under Delaware law, the right to vote cumulatively does not exist unless the certificate of incorporation specifically authorizes cumulative voting. Our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not authorize cumulative voting. Therefore, stockholders holding a majority in voting power of the shares of our stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors are able to elect all our directors. Special stockholder meetings Our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that special meetings of our stockholders may be called at any time only by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or the chairman of the Board of Directors; however, stockholders of record who own shares of common stock representing at least 20 of the relevant voting power continuously for at least one year can request that the Board of Directors call a special meeting of stockholders, provided that the stockholders satisfy specified requirements. Proxy Access Our third amended and restated bylaws provide for proxy access, which permits a stockholder, or a group of up to 20 stockholders, owning 3 or more of our outstanding common stock continuously for at least three years, to nominate and include in our proxy materials qualifying director nominees constituting up to the greater of (i) two directors or (ii) twenty percent of our Board of Directors. To be timely, the notice of proxy access nomination must be addressed to and received by the Secretary not less than 120 days nor more than 150 days prior to the first anniversary of the date on which our definitive proxy statement was released to stockholders in connection with the prior year s annual meeting; provided, however, that if the annual meeting is convened more than 30 days prior to or delayed by more than 60 days after the first anniversary of the date of the preceding year s annual meeting, the information must be so received not earlier than 120 days prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the 

later of (x) the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or (y) the 10th day following the day on which a public announcement of the date of our annual meeting is first made; provided further that in no event shall any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting, or the public announcement thereof, commence a new time period or extend any time period for the receipt of the information. The complete proxy access provisions for director nominations are set forth in our third amended and restated bylaws. Requirements for advance notification of director nominations and stockholder proposals Our third amended and restated bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or a committee of the Board of Directors. In order for any matter to be properly brought before a meeting, a stockholder will have to comply with advance notice requirements and provide us with certain information. Generally, to be timely, a stockholder s notice must be received at our principal executive offices not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Our third amended and restated bylaws will also specify requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder s notice. Our third amended and restated bylaws allow the chairman of the meeting at a meeting of the stockholders to adopt rules and regulations for the conduct of meetings which may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the rules and regulations are not followed. These provisions may defer, delay or discourage a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to influence or obtain control of our company. Stockholder action by written consent Pursuant to Section 228 of the DGCL, any action required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, is signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of our stock entitled to vote thereon were present and voted, unless our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. Dissenters rights of appraisal and payment Under the DGCL, with certain exceptions, our stockholders will have appraisal rights in connection with a merger or consolidation of us. Pursuant to the DGCL, stockholders who properly request and perfect appraisal rights in connection with such merger or consolidation will have the right to receive payment of the fair value of their shares as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery. 

Stockholders derivative actions Under the DGCL, any of our stockholders may bring an action in our name to procure a judgment in our favor, also known as a derivative action, provided that the stockholder bringing the action is a holder of our shares at the time of the transaction to which the action relates or such stockholder s stock thereafter devolved by operation of law. Exclusive forum Our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that unless we consent to the selection of an alternative forum, the state or federal courts (as appropriate) located within the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any (i) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company, (ii) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, or other employee or stockholder of our company to us or our stockholders, creditors or other constituents, (iii) action against us or any of our directors or officers involving a claim or defense arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our third amended and restated bylaws, (iv) action against us or any director or officer of the Company involving a claim or defense implicating the internal affairs doctrine, or (v) action against us or any of our directors or officers involving a claim or defense arising pursuant to the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. It is possible that these exclusive forum provisions may be challenged in court and may be deemed unenforceable in whole or in part. Our exclusive forum provision shall not relieve the company of its duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. Conflicts of interest Delaware law permits corporations to adopt provisions renouncing any interest or expectancy in certain opportunities that are presented to the corporation or its officers, directors or stockholders. Limitations on liability and indemnification of officers and directors The DGCL authorizes corporations to limit or eliminate the personal liability of directors to corporations and their stockholders for monetary damages for breaches of directors fiduciary duties, subject to certain exceptions. Our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation includes a provision that eliminates the personal liability of directors for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL. The effect of these provisions is to eliminate the rights of us and our stockholders, through stockholders derivative suits on our behalf, to recover monetary damages from a director for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, including breaches resulting from grossly negligent behavior. However, exculpation does not apply to any director if the director has acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, 

authorized illegal dividends or redemptions or derived an improper benefit from his or her actions as a director. Our third amended and restated bylaws provide that we must generally indemnify, and advance expenses to, our directors and officers to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL. We also are expressly authorized to carry directors and officers liability insurance providing indemnification for our directors, officers and certain employees for some liabilities. We also have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors, which agreements require us to indemnify these individuals to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law against liabilities that may arise by reason of their service to us, and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified. We believe that these indemnification and advancement provisions and insurance are useful to attract and retain qualified directors and executive officers. The limitation of liability, indemnification and advancement provisions in our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation and third amended and restated bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. In addition, your investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. Transfer agent and registrar The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC. Listing Our common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol AVTR. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21>
 3
 a2022q4ex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 Subsidiaries of Avantor, Inc. 
 as of December 31, 2022 
 Jurisdiction of incorporation United States Applied Silicone Company LLC California Morehouse Cowles LLC California SiTech Nusil, LLC California Therapak, LLC California Avantor Funding, Inc. Delaware Avantor Performance Materials International, LLC Delaware Jencons (Scientific) LLC Delaware NuSil Acquisition Corp. Delaware NuSil Investments LLC Delaware NuSil Technology LLC Delaware Reliable Biopharmaceutical, LLC Delaware Vail Holdco Sub LLC Delaware VWR Corporation Delaware VWR Funding, Inc. Delaware VWR Global Holdings, Inc. Delaware VWR International, LLC Delaware VWR International Holdings, Inc. Delaware VWR Lux Holdco LLC Delaware VWR Management Services, LLC Delaware Avantor Receivables Funding, LLC Delaware Avantor Trading Services LP Delaware Avantor EU Trading Services LP Delaware GGC GP Curie Blocker Inc. Delaware Curie HoldCo Corp. Delaware Masterflex, LLC Delaware Medical Equipment Supplies and Management LLC Florida Avantor Fluid Handling, LLC Massachusetts Avantor Performance Materials, LLC New Jersey VWR Chemicals, LLC New York Puritan Products, Inc. Pennsylvania EPL Pathology Archives, LLC Virginia Other jurisdictions Klen International (74) Pty Ltd. Australia VWR International Holdings Pty Ltd Australia VWR International GmBH Austria VWR International SRL Barbados VWR International BV Belgium VWR International Europe BV Belgium VWR BRASIL PARTICIPA ES LTDA Brazil 

Jurisdiction of incorporation Avantor Services Canada Co. Canada Seastar Chemicals ULC Canada VWR International Co. Canada Avantor International Holdings LP Cayman Islands Comercial y Servicios Anachemia Science Limitada Chile Avantor Performance Materials Trading (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. China Avantor VWR (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. China VWR International China Co., Ltd. China RIM Direct (China) Metal Works Company Ltd. China RIM Bio Co., Ltd (China) China VWR International CR Limitada Costa Rica VWR International Limitada Costa Rica VWR International Europe Services s.r.o. Czech Republic VWR International s.r.o. Czech Republic VWR International A S Denmark VWR International Oy Finland EPL Archives, SAS France NuSil Technology Europe S.a.r.l. France VWR International S.A.S. France Clemens GmbH Germany Varietal Management Services GmbH Germany VWR International Mgmt Services GmbH& Co. KG Germany VWR International GmbH Austria VWR International Immobilien GmbH Germany VWR International Investors Europe GmbH Germany VWR International Lab Services GmbH Germany VWR International Verwaltung-GmbH Germany EPL Archives GmbH Germany Ritter Beteiligungs GmbH Germany Ritter Objekt GmbH Germany Ritter GmbH Germany Adcatec GmbH Germany VWR International KFT. Hungary VWR Lab Products Private Limited India Avantor Performance Materials India Private Limited India Halmahera Ltd. Ireland VWR International Ltd. Ireland Ireland VWR International S.r.l. Italy Avantor Performance Materials Korea Limited Korea Avantor Performance Materials Holdings S.a.r.l. Luxembourg 

Jurisdiction of incorporation VWR International North America S.a.r.l. Luxembourg VWR International Europe S.a.r.l. Luxembourg VWR International South America S.a.r.l. Luxembourg Avantor Performance Materials Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Basan Cleanroom Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia VWR Europe Services, Ltd Mauritius VWR NA Services, Ltd Mauritius Avantor Performance Materials S.A. de C.V. Mexico VWR International, S. de R.L de C.V. Mexico Avantor Holdings B.V. Netherlands Avantor Fluid Handling B.V. Netherlands VWR International B.V. Netherlands VWR International (N. Ireland) Ltd. Northern Ireland VWR International AS Norway Avantor Performance Materials Poland S.A. Poland Linares Investments Sp z.o.o. Poland VWR International SP Zoo Poland VWR International Material de Laboratio, Sociedade Unipessoal, Lda Portugal VWR Advanced Instruments, LLC Puerto Rico VWR International Europe Services SRL Romania Avantor Performance Materials Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Avantor Holdings Pte Ltd. Singapore VWR International Holdings CH Pte. Ltd. Singapore VWR International Holdings G.P Pte. Ltd. Singapore VWR International Holdings Pte. Ltd. Singapore VWR Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Avantor Investment Holdings Pte. Ltd. Singapore VWR International s.r.o. Czech Republic Ritter d.o.o. Slovenia VWR International Eurolab, S.L. Spain KEBO Lab AB Sweden VWR International AB Sweden VWR International GmbH Switzerland Switzerland Avantor Trading Services GmbH Switzerland Avantor Performance Materials Taiwan Co Ltd. Taiwan VWR International FZ-LLC United Arab Emirates Advanced Chromatography Technologies Ltd. United Kingdom Hichrom Limited United Kingdom Jencons (Scientific) Ltd. United Kingdom Medical Equipment Supplies & Management Holdings Ltd. United Kingdom 

Jurisdiction of incorporation Medical Equipment Supplies & Management Ltd. United Kingdom Mserv Global Ltd. United Kingdom Therapak Pharma Services Ltd. United Kingdom VWR Holdco Ltd. United Kingdom VWR International Ltd. United Kingdom VWR Jencons USA, Ltd. United Kingdom VWR Lab Services Ltd. United Kingdom Avantor Holdings Ltd. United Kingdom 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 a2022q4ex23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-248127 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-231561 and 333-234704 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 14, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Avantor, Inc. and the effectiveness of Avantor, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 February 14, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 a2022q4ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Michael Stubblefield, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Avantor, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date February 14, 2023 By s Michael Stubblefield Name Michael Stubblefield Title President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 a2022q4ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Thomas A. Szlosek, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Avantor, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date February 14, 2023 By s Thomas A. Szlosek Name Thomas A. Szlosek Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 a2022q4ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Avantor, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael Stubblefield, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date February 14, 2023 By s Michael Stubblefield Name Michael Stubblefield Title President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 a2022q4ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Avantor, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Thomas A. Szlosek, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date February 14, 2023 By s Thomas A. Szlosek Name Thomas A. Szlosek Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 avtr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 avtr-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 avtr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 avtr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 avtr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

