<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_912593_0000912593-23-000080.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>56648474</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>529652</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4700598</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>26228315</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>11467946</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>12616805</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000912593-23-000080.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223163435
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000912593-23-000080
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		124
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SUN COMMUNITIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000912593
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				382730780
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12616
		FILM NUMBER:		23660269

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		27777 FRANKLIN ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			SOUTHFIELD
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48034
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2482082500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		27777 FRANKLIN ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			SOUTHFIELD
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48034

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000912593-23-000080.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 sui-20221231.htm
 10-K

sui-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

. 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 
 (State of Incorporation) Commission file number (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to Section 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant's stock held by non-affiliates was (computed by reference to the closing sales price of the registrant's common stock as of June 30, 2022). For this computation, the registrant has excluded the market value of all shares of common stock reported as beneficially owned by executive officers and directors of the registrant; such exclusion shall not be deemed to constitute an admission that any such person is an affiliate of the registrant. 
 
 Number of shares of Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share, outstanding as of February 16, 2023: 
 
 Documents Incorporated By Reference 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Table of Contents 
 Item Description Page Part I. 
 Item 1. 
 Business 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 11 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 24 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 25 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 44 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 44 
 Part II. 
 Item 5. 
 Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 45 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 48 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 49 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 80 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 81 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 81 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 81 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 81 
 Part III. 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 82 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 82 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 82 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 82 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 82 
 Part IV. 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 83 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 83 
 Exhibits 84 
 Signatures 87 
 Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule F - 1 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 GENERAL OVERVIEW 
 
 Sun Communities, Inc., a Maryland corporation, and all wholly-owned or majority-owned and controlled subsidiaries, including Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership (the "Operating Partnership"), Sun Home Services, Inc., a Michigan corporation ("SHS"), Safe Harbor Marinas, LLC ("Safe Harbor") and Sun UK Holding LLC (together with its subsidiaries, "Park Holidays") are referred to herein as the "Company," "we," "us," "or," and "our." 
 
 We are a fully integrated real estate investment trust ("REIT"). We own manufactured housing ("MH") and recreational vehicle ("RV") communities and marinas in the United States ("U.S."), the United Kingdom ("UK") and Canada (marinas and, together with MH and RV, the "properties"). We self-administer, self-manage, and operate or hold an interest in, and develop the majority of our properties and a select number of our communities are operated by independent third party contractors on our behalf under management agreements. Others are operated by lessees under ground lease arrangements. Together with our affiliates and predecessors, we have been in the business of operating, acquiring, developing and expanding MH and RV communities since 1975 and marinas since 2020. 
 
 We lease individual parcels of land ("sites"), with utility access for the placement of manufactured homes and RVs to our MH and RV customers. Our MH communities are designed to offer affordable housing to individuals and families, while also providing certain amenities. In the UK, our MH communities are referred to as holiday parks and are predominantly located at irreplaceable seaside locations in the south of England. Our RV communities are designed to offer affordable vacation opportunities to individuals and families complemented by a diverse selection of high-quality amenities. 
 
 The majority of our marinas are concentrated in coastal regions. Our marinas offer wet slip and dry storage space leases, end-to-end service (such as routine maintenance, repair and winterization), fuel sales and other high-end amenities. These services and amenities offer convenience and resort-quality experiences to our members and guests. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned and operated, directly or indirectly, or had an interest in, a portfolio of 669 properties located in the U.S., the UK and Canada, including 353 MH communities, 182 RV communities, and 134 marinas. As of December 31, 2022, the properties contained an aggregate of 227,541 developed sites comprised of 118,204 developed MH sites, 30,333 annual RV sites (inclusive of both annual and seasonal usage rights), 31,181 transient RV sites, and 47,823 wet slips and dry storage spaces. Additionally, we own or control land to support developing and expanding nearly 16,200 additional MH and RV sites suitable for development. 
 
 Through SHS, a taxable REIT subsidiary, we market, sell, and lease new and pre-owned homes to current and future residents in our MH communities. The operations of SHS support and enhance our occupancy levels, property performance and cash flows. 
 
 Our executive and principal property management office is located at 27777 Franklin Road, Suite 300, Southfield, Michigan 48034 and our telephone number is (248) 208-2500. We also have principal offices in Dallas, Texas, and in Bexhill-on-Sea, East Sussex, UK. We have regional property management offices throughout the U.S. We employed an aggregate of 7,594 full and part time employees as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Our website address is www.suncommunities.com and we make available, free of charge, on or through our website all of our periodic reports, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K, as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). Additionally, the SEC maintains a website at https://www.sec.gov, that contains reports, proxy information statements and other information about us. 
 1 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 STRUCTURE OF THE COMPANY 
 
 The Company is a REIT and the general partner of the Operating Partnership. As the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, we generally have the power to manage and have complete control over the conduct of the Operating Partnership's affairs and all decisions or actions made or taken by us as the general partner pursuant to the partnership agreement are generally binding upon all of the partners and the Operating Partnership. 
 
 The Operating Partnership is structured as an umbrella partnership REIT ("UPREIT"). We conduct substantially all of our operations through the Operating Partnership, which, directly or indirectly through other subsidiaries, owns substantially all of our assets. This UPREIT structure enables us to comply with certain complex requirements under the federal tax rules and regulations applicable to REITs, and to acquire properties in transactions that defer some or all of the sellers' tax consequences. The financial results of the Operating Partnership and our other subsidiaries are consolidated in our Consolidated Financial Statements. The financial results of the Operating Partnership include certain activities that do not necessarily qualify as REIT activities under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). We have formed taxable REIT subsidiaries, as defined in the Code, to engage in such activities. We use taxable REIT subsidiaries to offer certain services to our residents and engage in activities that would not otherwise be permitted under the REIT rules if provided directly by us or by the Operating Partnership. The taxable REIT subsidiaries include our home sales business, SHS, which provides manufactured home sales, leasing, and other services to current and prospective tenants of our properties. Currently, all of our UK operations are conducted through taxable REIT subsidiaries. 
 
 Under the partnership agreement, the Operating Partnership is structured to make distributions with respect to certain of the Operating Partnership units ("OP units") at the same time that distributions are made to our common shareholders. The Operating Partnership is structured to permit limited partners holding certain classes or series of OP units to exchange those OP units for shares of our common stock (in a taxable transaction) and achieve liquidity for their investment. 
 2 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 We own 95.4 of all of the OP Units and the limited partners of the Operating Partnership own the rest. The following table sets forth: 
 
 The various series of OP units and the number of units of each series outstanding as of December 31, 2022; 
 The relative ranking of the various series of OP units with respect to rights to the payment of distributions and the distribution of assets in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Operating Partnership; 
 The number of shares of our common stock issuable upon the exchange of each OP unit of the applicable series; 
 The annual distribution rate on each series of OP units; and 
 Information regarding the terms of redemption rights for each series of OP units, as applicable. 
 
 Ranking Description OP Units Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Exchange Rate (1) 
 Annual Distribution Rate (2) 
 Cash Redemption (3) 
 Redemption Period 1 Preferred OP units (or "Aspen preferred OP units") 1,258,819 (4) 
 Variable (5) 
 Variable (6) 
 Mandatory Variable (7) 
 1 Series A-1 preferred OP units 207,548 2.439 6.0 N/A N/A 2 Series C preferred OP units 306,013 1.11 5.0 N/A N/A 3 Series D preferred OP units 488,958 0.8 4.0 Holder's Option Any time after earlier of January 31, 2024 or death of holder 4 Series E preferred OP units 80,000 0.6897 5.5 N/A N/A 5 Series F preferred OP units 90,000 0.625 3.0 Holder's Option Any time after earlier of May 14, 2025 or death of holder 6 Series G preferred OP units 240,710 0.6452 3.2 Holder's Option Any time after earlier of September 30, 2025 or death of holder 7 Series H preferred OP units 581,367 0.6098 3.0 Holder's Option Any time after earlier of October 30, 2025 or death of holder 8 Series J preferred OP units 240,000 0.6061 2.85 Holder's Option During the 30-day period following a change of control of the Company or any time after April 21, 2026 9 Series A-3 preferred OP units 40,268 1.8605 4.5 N/A N/A 10 Common OP units 126,463,507 (8) 
 1.0 Same distribution rate for common stock and common OP units N/A N/A 
 (1) Exchange rates are subject to adjustment upon stock splits, recapitalizations and similar events. The exchange rates of certain series of OP units are approximated to four decimal places. 
 (2) Except for common OP units, distributions are payable on the issue price of each OP unit, which is 27.00 per unit for all Aspen preferred OP units and 100.00 per unit for all other preferred OP units. 
 (3) The redemption price for each OP unit redeemed will be equal to its issue price plus all accrued but unpaid distributions. 
 (4) Of the outstanding Aspen preferred OP units, 270,000 are designated as "Aspen 2034 Units." 
 (5) At any time prior to January 1, 2024 (or prior to January 1, 2034 with respect to the Aspen 2034 Units), at the holder's option, each Aspen preferred OP unit may be exchanged into: (a) if the average closing price of our common stock for the preceding ten trading days is 68.00 per share or less, 0.397 common OP units, or (b) if the 10-day average closing price of our common stock is greater than 68.00 per share, the number of common OP units is determined by dividing (i) the sum of (A) 27.00 plus (B) 25.0 of the amount by which the 10-day average closing price exceeds 68.00 per share, by (ii) the 10-day average closing price. 
 (6) The annual distribution rate for Aspen 2034 Units is 3.8 . The annual distribution rate on all other Aspen preferred OP units is equal to the 10-year U.S. Treasury bond yield plus 239 basis points; provided, however, that such aggregate distribution rate shall not be less than 6.5 nor more than 9.0 . 
 (7) We are required to redeem all outstanding Aspen preferred OP units other than the Aspen 2034 Units on January 2, 2024. We are required to redeem all outstanding Aspen 2034 Units on January 2, 2034. In addition, we are required to redeem the Aspen preferred OP units (including Aspen 2034 Units) of any holder thereof within five days after receipt of a written demand during the existence of certain uncured Aspen preferred OP unit defaults, including our failure to pay distributions on the Aspen preferred OP units when due and our failure to provide certain security for the payment of distributions on the Aspen preferred OP units. 
 (8) Of the 126,463,507 Common OP units 124,044,803, or 98.1 were held by us, and 2,418,704, or 1.9 were owned by various limited partners. 
 3 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 REAL PROPERTY OPERATIONS 
 
 Throughout this report, we use the terms resident to represent a "resident," in the U.S. and a "customer" in the UK. 
 
 An MH community is a residential subdivision with sites for the placement of manufactured homes, related improvements and amenities. Manufactured homes are detached single family homes that are produced off site by manufacturers and installed on site within the community. Manufactured homes are available in a wide array of designs, providing owners with a level of customization generally unavailable in multi-family housing complexes. Modern MH communities contain improvements similar to other garden style residential developments, including centralized entrances, paved streets, curbs, gutters and parkways. In addition, these communities also often provide a number of amenities, such as a clubhouse, a swimming pool, basketball courts, shuffleboard courts, tennis courts and laundry facilities. 
 
 An RV community is a resort with sites for the placement of RVs for varied lengths of time. RV communities may also provide vacation rental homes and may include a number of amenities such as restaurants, golf courses, swimming pools, water parks, tennis courts, fitness centers, planned activities and spacious social facilities. 
 
 In 2021, we began to rebrand select RV communities under the "Sun Outdoors" umbrella. Sun Outdoors offers tent camping, RV sites and vacation rentals with world-class amenities in the U.S. and Canada. We believe the Sun Outdoors brand supports our competitive advantage in the outdoor market. Implementation of the Sun Outdoors brand at select RV communities is expected to be completed by the end of March 2023. Implementation consists of the conversion of the communities's digital presence (website, Facebook, reservation software and other internal systems) and the replacement of signage at the communities. 
 
 A marina is a specially-designed harbor that can be located on oceans, lakes, bays or rivers and typically includes dry storage systems that provide storage solutions for the placement of vessels ranging in size from small boats to super yachts for varied lengths of time. Dry storage systems also allow for the required maintenance of the vessels that we store. Marinas also provide ancillary services, such as fuel stations, ship stores, restaurants, swimming pools, cabin and lodging rentals, boat rentals, tennis courts, fitness centers, shower and laundry facilities, planned activities and other services to create a robust member experience. 
 
 Renters at our MH and RV communities lease the site on which a manufactured home, RV or vacation rental home is located. We typically own the underlying land, utility connections, streets, lighting, driveways, common area amenities, and other capital improvements and are responsible for enforcement of community guidelines and maintenance. In certain MH and RV communities, we do not own all of the underlying land and operate the communities pursuant to ground leases. Certain communities provide water and sewer service through public or private utility companies, while other communities provide these services to residents from on-site facilities. Each owner of a home within our properties is responsible for the maintenance of the home and leased site. As a result, our capital expenditure needs tend to be less significant relative to multi-family rental apartment complexes. 
 
 Renters at our marinas lease the wet slip or dry storage space on which a vessel is stored. We typically own the underlying land, building improvements, dock improvements, site improvements and other on-site amenity structures. Because we own the facilities and improvements on the land or submerged land at those marinas, we are responsible for the capital improvements and maintenance. In certain marinas, we do not own all of the underlying land and operate the marinas pursuant to ground leases. 
 
 We compete with other available MH and RV communities, and alternative forms of housing (such as on-site constructed homes, apartments, condominiums and townhouses) as they provide housing alternatives to potential tenants of MH and RV communities. We also compete with other available marinas in the U.S. 
 
 PROPERTY MANAGEMENT 
 
 Our property management strategy emphasizes intensive, detail-oriented, hands-on management by dedicated, on-site MH and RV community and marina managers. We believe our focus on creating an exceptional resident, guest and member experience creates a competitive advantage. It enables us to continually monitor and address concerns, the performance of competitive properties and local market conditions. As of December 31, 2022, of our 7,594 employees, 610 were located on-site as property managers, and of those, 94.8 were full-time employees. 
 
 4 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Our MH and RV property managers in the U.S. and Canada are overseen by our Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President, four Senior Vice Presidents of Operations and Sales, 11 Divisional Vice Presidents and 45 Regional Vice Presidents. Each Regional Vice President oversees one to 16 properties and is responsible for regular property inspections, oversight of property operations and sales functions, semi-annual market surveys of competitive communities and interaction with local manufactured home dealers. Each property manager performs regular inspections in order to monitor the physical condition of properties and to effectively address tenant concerns. In addition to an on-site manager, each district or property has on-site maintenance personnel and management support staff. We hold mandatory training sessions for all new property management personnel to ensure that policies and procedures are executed effectively and professionally. All of our property management personnel participate in on-going training to ensure that changes to policies and procedures are implemented consistently. Our internal training program has led to increased knowledge and accountability for daily operations and policies and procedures. 
 
 Park Holidays' MH and RV property managers are overseen by a Chief Executive Officer of Park Holidays, a Chief Operating Officer, a Commercial Director, and two Regional Operations Directors who are responsible for oversight of operations. 
 
 Our marina business is overseen by a Chief Executive Officer of Safe Harbor, three Executive Vice Presidents of Operations and 18 Regional Vice Presidents who are responsible for regular marina inspections and oversight of operations. 
 
 HOME SALES AND RENTALS 
 
 We are engaged in the marketing, selling and leasing of new and pre-owned homes to residents in our communities through SHS in the U.S. and Park Holidays in the UK. Because tenants often purchase a home already on-site within a community, the services SHS and Park Holidays provide enhance occupancy and property performance. Additionally, because many of the homes on the properties are sold through SHS and Park Holidays, better control of home quality in our communities can be maintained than if sales services were conducted solely through third-party brokers. 
 
 SHS also leases homes to prospective tenants. As of December 31, 2022, SHS's portfolio consists of 9,334 occupied leased homes. New and pre-owned homes are purchased for our Rental Program. Leases associated with our Rental Program generally have a term of one year. The Rental Program requires management of costs associated with repair and refurbishment of these homes as the tenants vacate and the homes are re-leased. In 2022, we received over 55,400 applications to live in our MH and RV properties, providing a significant "resident onboarding" system that allows us to market the purchase of a home to qualified applicants. Through our Rental Program, we demonstrate our product and lifestyle to the renters, while monitoring their payment history and converting qualified renters to owners. 
 
 Park Holidays also rents homes for short-stays to allow people to experience the community park and facilities. Their short-stay experiences may, in turn, lead guests to ultimately purchase a home in a Park Holidays community. Holiday makers drive the pipeline for future home sales opportunities. 
 
 Our home sales and leasing operations compete with other national, and local MH dealers and MH community owners and other holiday park owners in the U.S. and UK. 
 
 MARINA MEMBER BASE 
 
 We are engaged in the marketing and leasing of wet slips and dry storage spaces and have over 47,800 members throughout our marina network as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 SITE LEASES OR USAGE RIGHTS 
 
 Typical tenant leases for MH sites in the U.S. are year-to-year or month-to-month, renewable upon the consent of both parties, or, in some instances, as provided by statute. Certain of our leases, mainly at our Florida and California properties, are tied to the consumer price index or other indices as they relate to rent increases. Generally, market rate adjustments are made on an annual basis. These leases are cancellable for non-payment of rent, violation of community rules and regulations or other specified defaults. During the five calendar years ended December 31, 2022, on average less than 1.0 of the homes in our MH communities have been removed by their owners and 6.4 of the homes have been sold by their owners to a new owner who then assumes rental obligations as a community resident. On average, our residents remain in our communities for approximately 14 years. Sites license fees for MH sites in the UK are for a term of 20 and 30 years depending on the product originally purchased. The holiday home owner must pay an annual site fee for their holiday home to remain on the property. On average, Park Holidays home owners remain in the communities for over seven years. 
 5 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Typical resident agreements for RV sites are year-to-year or from move-in date until the end of the current calendar year. Generally, increases and market rate adjustments are made on an annual basis. These agreements are cancellable for non-payment of rent, violation of community rules and regulations or other specified defaults. 
 
 Leases for wet slips and dry storage spaces at our marinas are year-to-year, season-to-season, month-to-month, or transient by night, renewable upon the consent of both parties. On average, our members maintain leases in our marinas for approximately 7.5 years. 
 
 ACQUISITIONS 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we acquired 61 MH and RV communities, totaling 21,795 sites and 2,655 development sites, and eight marinas totaling 2,552 wet slips and dry storage spaces, for a total purchase price of approximately 2.2 billion. This includes our acquisition of Park Holidays at an enterprise value of 950.0 million, or approximately 1.2 billion. 
 
 EXPANSION / DEVELOPMENT 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we completed the construction of over 2,000 sites at six ground-up developments and 11 expansion properties. 
 
 REGULATIONS AND INSURANCE 
 
 General 
 
 MH, RV and marina properties are subject to various laws, ordinances and regulations, including regulations relating to recreational facilities such as swimming pools, clubhouses and other common areas. Each property has the necessary operating permits and approvals. 
 
 Insurance 
 
 Our management believes that the properties are covered by adequate fire, property, business interruption, general liability, and (where appropriate) flood and earthquake insurance provided by reputable companies with commercially reasonable deductibles and limits. We maintain a blanket policy that covers all of our properties. We have obtained title insurance insuring fee title to the properties in an aggregate amount which we believe to be adequate. Claims made to our insurance carriers that are determined to be recoverable are classified in other receivables as incurred. 
 
 HUMAN CAPITAL 
 
 Human capital management is key to our success and focuses on diversity, equity and inclusion, employee retention and talent development practices. We are committed to building an equitable and inclusive culture that inspires and supports the growth of our employees, serves our communities and shapes a more sustainable business. The most significant measures and objectives that we focus on in managing our business and our related human capital initiatives include the following: 
 
 CULTURE 
 
 We are taking deliberate actions to foster a growth culture that is grounded in our vision and culture statements: We are an inspired, engaged and collaborative team committed to providing extraordinary service to our residents, guests and team members. Together as one team, we embrace the following seven key behaviors that make our company a great place to work: 
 
 Live the Golden Rule: Treat others the way you want to be treated; 
 Do the right thing; 
 We over me; 
 Nothing changes if nothing changes; 
 Mindset is everything; 
 Keep it simple; and 
 Be yourself and thrive. 
 
 6 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 LEADERSHIP, TALENT, TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT 
 
 We expect our leaders to be role models and lead in a way that enables our organization to achieve success. Our strategy is anchored in promoting the right internal talent and hiring the right external talent for career opportunities across our organization. We are focused on hiring and developing talent that mirrors the markets we serve, and investing in learning opportunities and capabilities that equip our workforce with the skills they need while improving engagement and retention. 
 
 Our internal training program offers over 120 courses to our team members on a range of topics, including leadership, communication, inclusion and diversity, software and operations. Our internal training program has led to increased knowledge and accountability for daily operations and policies and procedures. In 2022, team members logged over 71,500 hours of training. 
 We hold mandatory ongoing training sessions for all property management personnel to ensure that policies and procedures are executed effectively, professionally and consistently. 
 New team members are required to complete information security training, and safety and compliance-related training, with routine refreshers at least annually on critical topics. 
 
 We are dedicated to attracting, developing and retaining our talent, focusing our efforts on ensuring that the returning seasonal team member pipeline remains robust each year and our annual talent management processes focus on the professional development of salaried team members. As of December 31, 2022, 11 of our employees had over 10 years' tenure. 
 
 Our compensation philosophy, aimed to apply merit-based, equitable compensation practices, is designed to attract and retain top talent. For eligible team members, we offer competitive salary, health, welfare, retirement and pet insurance benefits, tuition reimbursement and rent / vacation discounts at our properties. 
 
 INCLUSION, DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND ACCESSIBILITY ("IDEA") 
 
 We make it a priority to recognize and appreciate the diverse characteristics that make individuals unique in an atmosphere that promotes and celebrates individual and collective achievement. We believe it's not just about gender or race, but about being diverse in thoughts, life and work experiences. Our inclusive environment challenges, inspires, rewards and transforms our team to be the best. We do not tolerate harassing, discriminatory or retaliatory conduct as such conduct is prohibited and inconsistent with our policies, practices and philosophy. We continue to put our resources and energy into strategies and initiatives to create a more equitable environment. 
 
 Workforce Diversity 
 
 We believe we are a stronger organization when our workforce represents a diversity of ideas and experiences. We value and embrace diversity in our employee recruiting, hiring and development practices. As of December 31, 2022, 41 of our employees were female, 22 of our employees (excluding those in Canada and the UK) were racially or ethnically diverse, and 44 of our employees were aged 50 years and older, with approximately 22 being aged 60 years and older. 
 
 Training and Resources 
 
 We offer training and resources on diversity, equity and inclusion to our employees. Diversity education and training programs for our team focus on unconscious bias, gender identity and transitions, generational differences, religion in the workplace, and self-awareness and self-assessments. 
 
 7 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 PAY EQUITY 
 
 We are committed to providing a total compensation package that is market-based, performance driven, fair and internally equitable. Our goal is to be competitive both within the general employment market as well as with our competitors in the real estate industry, with our strongest performers being paid more. 
 
 Compensation for each position is determined by utilizing reliable third-party compensation surveys to obtain current market data. Additionally, position descriptions and compensation are routinely reviewed for market competitiveness. 
 On an annual basis, the performance of all team members is evaluated and merit increases are allocated based on performance. This process ensures equitable performance review and corresponding pay practices that attract, retain and reward top talent. 
 In 2022, in compliance with UK regulations, Park Holidays conducted a gender pay gap analysis and published its 2021-2022 Gender Pay Gap Report in March 2022. Through its annual pay review process, Park Holidays conducts an analysis to ensure that equity is a key consideration and make adjustments to address any identified issues or risks. As a result of its February 2022 pay review, a total of 571 Park Holidays team members or 55 of its team members received some level of pay increase in 2022. 
 
 BUSINESS INTEGRITY 
 
 Our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics is grounded in our commitment to do the right thing. It serves as the foundation of our approach to ethics and compliance, and our anti-corruption compliance program is focused on conducting business in a fair, ethical and legal manner. 
 
 WORKPLACE HEALTH AND SAFETY 
 
 We actively seek opportunities to minimize health, safety and environmental risks to our team members, residents, and guests we serve in our communities by utilizing safe operating procedures and practices: 
 
 As part of our commitment to safety, we oversee annual safety training programs for all employees to provide tools and safeguards for accident prevention. Our managers are responsible for ensuring that team members receive the appropriate training to perform their jobs safely; 
 All team members participate in safety training during the onboarding process, and thereafter, team members in the field complete an annual safety training course; and 
 We uphold a safe workplace by complying with safety and health laws and regulations, maintaining internal requirements and remediating risks. Senior leadership review safety concerns throughout the year on regular site visits, and we also conduct comprehensive safety inspections annually on a subset of properties on a rolling basis. 
 
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE ("ESG"): OUR COMMITMENT TO A SUSTAINABLE FUTURE 
 
 We embrace a company-wide commitment to ESG goals through various programs and everyday business practices. We are fully committed to reducing our environmental impact across the scope of our operations and through the services we deliver to our residents and guests. We continue to identify opportunities to invest in energy-efficient technology, water efficiency and waste reduction strategies throughout our communities and corporate headquarters. By conserving natural resources, reducing our carbon footprint and participating in efforts to protect the environment through our Sun Unity program in the U.S., having a number of locally based initiatives on our properties in the UK, such as beach cleaning, and actively participating in locally organized volunteer and sponsorship activities across our marina network in the U.S., we strive to achieve our environmental sustainability goals. In 2022, our team members reported over 9,400 volunteer hours, an increase of nearly 67 compared to the prior year. 
 
 We recognize the important opportunity of providing access to affordable and sustainable housing. Our business contributes to a vitally important function in our economy by providing high-quality, affordable housing that accommodates all-age and age-restricted communities. Manufactured homes cost approximately 51 less per square foot than conventional site-built homes, expanding the opportunity for residents to own their home, despite an ever-increasing housing affordability gap. Our homes provide more space at less cost per square foot compared to other options. 
 
 8 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Climate Change Goals 
 
 Climate change is the challenge of our lifetime and poses a clear threat and challenge to the real estate sector, as buildings contribute up to 30 of global annual greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions. Climate change impacts are material to our overall value as well as our ability to serve our residents, guests, team members, investors and other stakeholders. We are committed to reducing our GHG emissions and working to improve upon the environmental performance of the communities and properties within our portfolio. 
 
 In 2022, we adopted goals to achieve Carbon Neutrality by 2035 and Net Zero Emissions by 2045. These commitments are part of a concerted effort to significantly reduce our greenhouse gas emissions and ultimately reach net-zero emissions to limit global warming and prevent the adverse effects of climate change. 
 
 Our Carbon Neutrality goal is inclusive of direct and indirect emissions from our operations, development and maintenance activities; 
 Our Net Zero Emissions goal expands the Carbon Neutrality commitment to our supply chain and franchisees; and 
 The scope of our commitment will be seen across all our properties as we work toward achieving our climate change goals through various means, including: 
 i. Renewable Energy Expanding the use of renewable energy throughout our portfolio through additional on-site energy generation, the purchase of off-site generated energy, and Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs); 
 ii. Green Building Increasing the use of certified energy efficient manufactured homes, including ENERGY STAR , in its communities as well as energy-efficient lighting and building control systems; 
 iii. Waste Reducing total waste and increasing diversion from landfills by evaluating all disposal options locally available, including recycling, and adopting the best solution(s) at each property; and 
 iv. Material Procurement Partnering with our supply chain and consultants to collect emissions data on products and services. 
 
 We set the key milestones listed below to help track our progress toward achieving carbon neutrality by 2035: 
 
 2025: Baseline Year to establish data sources for emissions categories; 
 2030: 50 absolute reduction from 2025 baseline; and 
 2032: 80 absolute reduction from 2025 baseline. 
 
 9 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains various "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and we intend that such forward-looking statements will be subject to the safe harbors created thereby. For this purpose, any statements contained in this document that relate to expectations, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, trends or prospective events or developments and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts are deemed to be forward-looking statements. Words such as "forecasts," "intends," "intend," "intended," "goal," "estimate," "estimates," "expects," "expect," "expected," "project," "projected," "projections," "plans," "predicts," "potential," "seeks," "anticipates," "anticipated," "should," "could," "may," "will," "designed to," "foreseeable future," "believe," "believes," "scheduled," "guidance," "target" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. These forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance, but involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, both general and specific to the matters discussed in this document, some of which are beyond our control. These risks, uncertainties and other factors may cause our actual results to be materially different from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In addition to the risks disclosed under "Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in our other filings with the SEC, from time to time, such risks, uncertainties and other factors include but are not limited to: 
 
 Outbreaks of disease and related restrictions on business operations; 
 Changes in general economic conditions, including inflation, deflation and energy costs, the real estate industry and the markets within which we operate; 
 Difficulties in our ability to evaluate, finance, complete and integrate acquisitions, developments and expansions successfully; 
 Our liquidity and refinancing demands; 
 Our ability to obtain or refinance maturing debt; 
 Our ability to maintain compliance with covenants contained in our debt facilities and our unsecured notes; 
 Availability of capital; 
 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates, including between the U.S. dollar and each of the Canadian dollar, Australian dollar and Pound sterling; 
 Our ability to maintain rental rates and occupancy levels; 
 Our ability to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures; 
 Increases in interest rates and operating costs, including insurance premiums and real estate taxes; 
 Risks related to natural disasters such as hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, droughts and wildfires; 
 General volatility of the capital markets and the market price of shares of our capital stock; 
 Our ability to maintain our status as a REIT; 
 Changes in real estate and zoning laws and regulations; 
 Legislative or regulatory changes, including changes to laws governing the taxation of REITs; 
 Litigation, judgments or settlements; 
 Competitive market forces; 
 The ability of purchasers of manufactured homes and boats to obtain financing; and 
 The level of repossessions by manufactured home and boat lenders. 
 
 Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date the statement was made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements included or incorporated by reference into this document, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in our expectations or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 
 Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. All written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. 
 10 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Our prospects are subject to certain uncertainties and risks. Our future results could differ materially from current results, and our actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements as a result of certain risk factors. These risk factors include, but are not limited to, those set forth below, other one-time events, and important factors disclosed previously and from time to time in our other filings with the SEC. 
 
 MATERIAL RISKS RELATING TO OUR MH, RV AND MARINA BUSINESSES 
 
 General economic conditions and the concentration of our MH, RV and Marina properties in certain geographic areas may affect our ability to generate sufficient revenue. 
 
 The market and economic conditions in our current markets generally, and specifically in metropolitan areas of our current markets, may significantly affect occupancy or rental rates. Occupancy and rental rates, in turn, may significantly affect our revenues, and if our properties do not generate revenues sufficient to meet our operating expenses, including debt service and capital expenditures, our cash flow and ability to pay or refinance our debt obligations could be adversely affected. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 150 of our MH and RV communities and marinas, representing 21.7 of developed sites, are located in Florida; 91 communities, representing 16.3 of developed sites, are located in Michigan; 55 communities, representing 9.4 of developed sites, are located in the UK; 48 communities, representing 6.4 of developed sites, are located in California; and 34 communities, representing 5.9 of developed sites, are located in Texas. As of December 31, 2022, we have revenue concentrations of marinas in Florida, Rhode Island and New York of approximately 34.3 , 9.9 and 6.7 , respectively. As a result of the geographic concentration of our MH and RV communities in Florida, Michigan, the UK, California and Texas, and of our marinas in Florida, Rhode Island and New York, we are exposed to the risks of downturns in local economies or other local real estate market conditions which could adversely affect occupancy rates, rental rates and property values in these markets. 
 
 Our revenue would also be adversely affected if tenants were unable to pay rent or if sites were unable to be rented on favorable terms. If we were unable to promptly relet or renew the leases for a significant number of the sites, or if the rental rates upon such renewal or reletting were significantly lower than expected rates, then our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, certain expenditures associated with each property (such as real estate taxes and maintenance costs) generally are not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in income from the property. Furthermore, real estate investments are relatively illiquid and, therefore, will tend to limit our ability to vary our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions. 
 
 The following factors, among others, may adversely affect the revenues generated by our properties: 
 
 Outbreaks of disease such as Covid-19 and related restrictions on business operations; 
 The international, national and local economic climate which may be adversely impacted by, among other factors, plant closings, industry slowdowns and inflation; 
 Local real estate market conditions such as the oversupply of MH and RV sites or a reduction in demand for MH and RV sites in an area, and an oversupply of, or a reduced demand for, manufactured homes; 
 A decrease in the number of people interested in the RV lifestyle or boating; 
 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates, including between the U.S. dollar and each of the Canadian dollar, the Australian dollar and Pound sterling; 
 The number of repossessed homes in a particular market; 
 The difficulty facing potential purchasers in obtaining affordable financing as a result of heightened lending criteria; 
 An increase or decrease in the rate of manufactured home repossessions which provide aggressively priced competition to new manufactured home sales; 
 The lack of an established MH dealer network; 
 The housing rental market which may limit the extent to which rents may be increased to meet increased expenses without decreasing occupancy rates; 
 The perceptions by prospective tenants of the safety, convenience and attractiveness of our MH properties and the neighborhoods where they are located; 
 Zoning or other environmental regulatory restrictions; 
 11 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Competition from other available MH and RV communities and alternative forms of housing (such as apartment buildings and site-built single-family homes), and other marinas; 
 Our ability to effectively manage, maintain and insure our properties; 
 Increased operating costs, including insurance premiums, real estate taxes and utilities; and 
 The enactment of rent control laws or laws taxing the owners of manufactured homes. 
 
 We may not be able to integrate or finance our expansion and development activities. 
 
 We build and develop new MH and RV communities and marinas and we expand existing communities and marinas. Our construction and development pipeline may be exposed to the following risks which are in addition to those risks associated with the ownership and operation of established MH and RV communities and marinas: 
 
 We may not be able to obtain financing with favorable terms for development which may make us unable to proceed with the development; 
 We may be unable to obtain, or face delays in obtaining, necessary zoning, building and other governmental permits and authorizations, which could result in increased costs and delays, and even require us to abandon development of the property entirely if we are unable to obtain such permits or authorizations; 
 We may abandon development opportunities that we have already begun to explore and as a result we may not recover expenses already incurred in connection with exploring such development opportunities; 
 We may be unable to complete construction and lease-up of a property on schedule resulting in increased debt service expense and construction costs; 
 We may incur construction and development costs for a property which exceed our original estimates due to increased materials, labor or other costs, which could make completing the development uneconomical and we may not be able to increase rents to compensate for the increase in development costs which may impact our profitability; 
 We may be unable to secure long-term financing on completion of development resulting in increased debt service and lower profitability; 
 Occupancy rates and rents at a newly developed property may fluctuate depending on several factors, including market and economic conditions, which may result in the property not being profitable; and 
 Climate change may cause new marina developments to be paused or restricted. 
 
 If any of the above risks occur, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Competition affects occupancy levels and rents, which could adversely affect our revenues. 
 
 The MH, RV and marina industries are highly-fragmented. There is competition within the MH, RV and marina markets we currently serve and in new markets that we may enter. We have international, national and regional competitors in the MH, RV and marina markets. Our properties are located in developed areas that include other MH and RV communities, and marinas. The number of competitive MH and RV communities and marinas in a particular area could have a material adverse effect on our ability to lease sites and increase rents charged at our properties or at any newly acquired properties. We may be competing with others with greater resources. In addition, other forms of multi family residential properties, such as private and federally funded or assisted multi-family housing projects and single family housing, provide housing alternatives to potential tenants of MH and RV communities. 
 
 The cyclical and seasonal nature of the RV and marina industries may lead to fluctuations in our operating results . 
 
 The RV and marina industries can experience cycles of growth and downturn due to seasonality patterns. Results of operations in any one period may not be indicative of results in future periods. In the RV market, certain properties maintain higher occupancy during the summer months, while other properties maintain higher occupancy during the winter months. The RV market typically shows a decline in demand over the winter months, yet usually produces higher growth in the spring and summer months due to higher use by vacationers. In the marina market, demand for wet slip storage increases during the summer months as customers contract for the summer boating season, which also drives non-storage revenue streams such as service, fuel and on-premise restaurants or convenience storage. Demand for dry storage increases during the winter season as seasonal weather patterns require boat owners to store their vessels on dry docks and within covered racks. Our results on a quarterly basis can fluctuate due to this cyclicality and seasonality. 
 12 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 We may not be able to integrate or finance our acquisitions and our acquisitions may not perform as expected. 
 
 We have acquired and intend to continue to selectively acquire MH, RV and marina properties. Our acquisition activities and their success are subject to the following risks: 
 
 We may be unable to acquire a desired property because of competition from other well-capitalized real estate investors, including both publicly traded REITs and institutional investment funds; 
 Even if we enter into an acquisition agreement for a property, it is usually subject to customary conditions to closing, including completion of due diligence investigations to our satisfaction, which may not be satisfied; 
 Even if we are able to acquire a desired property, competition from other real estate investors may significantly increase the purchase price; 
 We may be unable to finance acquisitions on favorable terms; 
 Acquired properties may fail to perform as expected; 
 Acquired properties may be located in new markets where we face risks associated with a lack of market knowledge or understanding of the local economy, lack of business relationships in the area, and unfamiliarity with local governmental and permitting procedures; and 
 We may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions, particularly acquisitions of portfolios of properties, into our existing operations. 
 
 If any of the above risks occur, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 In addition, we may acquire properties subject to liabilities and we may be left with no, or limited, recourse, with respect to unknown liabilities. As a result, we may have to pay substantial sums to settle any liabilities asserted against us based upon ownership of newly acquired properties, which could adversely affect our cash flow. 
 
 Investments through joint ventures involve risks not present for properties in which we are the sole owner. 
 
 We have invested and may continue to invest as a joint venture partner in joint ventures. These investments involve risks, including, but not limited to, the possibility the other joint venture partner may have business goals which are inconsistent with ours, possess the ability to take or force action or withhold consent contrary to our requests, fail to provide capital or fulfill its obligations, or become insolvent and require us to assume and fulfill the joint venture's financial obligations. Conflicts arising between us and our joint venture partners may be difficult to manage or resolve and it could be difficult to manage or otherwise monitor the existing business arrangements. We and our joint venture partners may each have the right to initiate a buy-sell arrangement, which could cause us to sell our interest, or acquire a joint venture partner's interest, at a time when we otherwise would not have entered into such a transaction. Each joint venture agreement is individually negotiated, and our ability to operate, finance or dispose of a property in our sole discretion may be limited to varying degrees depending on the terms of the applicable joint venture agreement. 
 
 Many of our properties are located in areas that experience extreme weather conditions and natural disasters and climate change may adversely affect our business. 
 
 Extreme weather or weather-related conditions and other natural disasters, including hurricanes, flash floods, sea-level rise, tornadoes, wildfires or earthquakes, may interrupt our operations, damage our properties and reduce the number of customers who utilize our properties in the affected areas. Many of our properties are on coastlines that are subject to hurricane seasons, flash flooding and sea level rise; in areas adversely affected by wildfires, such as the western U.S.; and in earthquake-prone areas, such as the West Coast. If there are prolonged disruptions at our properties due to extreme weather or natural disasters, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 While we maintain insurance coverage that may cover certain of the costs and loss of revenue associated with the effect of extreme weather and natural disasters at our properties, our coverage is subject to deductibles and limits on maximum benefits. We cannot assure you that we will be able to fully collect, if at all, on any claims resulting from extreme weather or natural disasters. 
 
 If any of our properties are damaged or if their operations are disrupted as a result of extreme weather or natural disasters, or if extreme weather or natural disasters adversely impact general economic or other conditions in the areas in which our properties are located or from which they draw their tenants and customers, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 13 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Significant changes in the climate could exacerbate extreme weather conditions or natural disasters that may occur in areas where our properties are located, all of which may result in additional physical damage to, or a decrease in demand for, properties located in these areas or affected by these conditions. If the impact of climate change is material in nature, including significant property damage to or destruction of our properties, or occur for lengthy periods of time, our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 While they are unpredictable, the impacts of climate change may change residential migration and vacation trends, which could reduce demand for our properties. If the areas in which our properties are located become less desirable places to live or vacation, the value of our properties and their ability to generate revenue may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 In addition, changes in federal, state, local and foreign legislation and regulation based on concerns about climate change, as well as voluntary measures we take to combat climate change, could result in increased capital expenditures at our properties. For example, these could include expenditures to improve energy efficiency, improve resistance to inclement weather and for infrastructure improvement to support existing and emerging low-carbon technologies. These expenditures may not result in a corresponding increase in revenue, resulting in material adverse impacts to our financial results. 
 
 Marinas may not be readily adaptable to other uses. 
 
 Marinas are specific-use properties and may contain features or assets that have limited alternative uses. These properties may also have distinct operational functions that involve specific procedures and training. If the operations of any of our marinas become unprofitable due to industry competition, operational execution or otherwise, then it may not be feasible to operate the property for another use, and the value of certain features or assets used at the property, or the property itself, may be impaired. Should any of these events occur, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted. 
 
 We may be unable to obtain, renew or maintain permits, licenses and approvals necessary for the operation of our marinas. 
 
 The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, the Coast Guard and other governmental bodies control much of the land located beneath and surrounding many of our marinas and lease such land to Safe Harbor under leases that typically range from five to 50 years. As a result, it is unlikely that we can obtain fee-simple title to the land on or near these marinas. If these governmental authorities terminate, fail to renew, or interpret in ways that are materially less favorable any of the permits, licenses and approvals necessary for operation of these properties, then our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted. 
 
 Some marinas must be dredged from time to time to remove silt and mud that collect in harbor-areas in order to assure that boat traffic can safely enter the harbor. Dredging and disposing of the dredged material can be very costly and require permits from various governmental authorities. If the permits necessary to dredge marinas or dispose of the dredged material cannot be timely obtained after the acquisition of a marina, or if dredging is not practical or is exceedingly expensive, the operations of such property would be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We may incur liability under environmental laws arising from conditions at properties we acquire or operations at the properties we own and operate. 
 
 Under various federal, state, local and foreign laws, ordinances and regulations, an owner or operator of real estate is liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous substances at, on, under, or in such property. Such hazardous substances may be used at or located on our properties, especially our marinas. Such laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous substances. The presence of such substances, or the failure to properly remediate such substances, may adversely affect the owner's ability to sell or rent the property, to borrow using the property as collateral or to develop the property. Persons who arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous substances also may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of such substances at a disposal or treatment facility owned or operated by another person. In addition, certain environmental laws impose liability for the management and disposal of asbestos-containing materials and for the release of such materials into the air. These laws may result in fines or penalties and may permit third parties to seek recovery from owners or operators of real properties for personal injury associated with asbestos-containing materials. 
 
 As the purchaser of properties we acquire or in connection with the operation of properties we own or manage, we may be liable for removal or remediation costs, governmental fines and injuries to persons and property. When we arrange for the treatment or disposal of hazardous substances at landfills or other facilities owned by other persons, we may be liable for the removal or remediation costs at such facilities. 
 
 14 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 We subject our properties to a Phase I or similar environmental assessment as well as limited compliance evaluations (which involve general inspections without soil sampling or ground water analysis) completed by independent environmental and engineering consultants. In some cases, where these evaluations have recommended further, invasive investigations, those have also been conducted. These environmental evaluations have not revealed any significant environmental liability that would have a material adverse effect on our business. These audits cannot reflect conditions arising after the studies were completed, and no assurances can be given that existing environmental studies reveal all environmental liabilities, that any prior owner or operator of a property or neighboring owner or operator did not create any material environmental condition not known to us, or that a material environmental condition does not otherwise exist as to any one or more properties. 
 
 Moreover, we cannot be sure that: (a) future laws, ordinances or regulations will not impose any material environmental liability; or (b) the current environmental condition of our properties will not be affected by tenants and occupants of the properties, by the condition of land or operations in the vicinity of our properties (such as the presence of underground storage tanks), or by unrelated third parties. Environmental liabilities that we may incur could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We are subject to additional risks from our international investments. 
 
 Park Holidays represents our first major investment in the UK. We may also pursue other significant acquisition opportunities outside the U.S. Our ownership of Park Holidays and any other international investments subjects us to additional risks, including: 
 
 The laws, rules and regulations applicable in such jurisdictions outside of the U.S., including those related to property ownership by foreign entities, consumer and data protection, privacy, network security, encryption, payments and restricting us from removing profits earned from activities within the country to the U.S. (i.e., nationalization of assets located within a country); 
 Complying with a wide variety of foreign laws; 
 Fluctuations in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar, and exchange controls; 
 Limited experience with local business and cultural factors that differ from our usual standards and practices; 
 Changes in the availability, cost and terms of mortgage funds and other borrowings resulting from varying national economic policies or changes in interest rates; 
 Reliance on local management; 
 Challenges in establishing effective controls and procedures to regulate operations in different regions and to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable regulations, such as applicable laws related to corrupt practices, employment, licensing, construction, climate change or environmental compliance; 
 Unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, tax, tariffs, trade barriers and other laws within jurisdictions outside the U.S. or between the U.S. and such jurisdictions; 
 Potentially adverse tax consequences with respect to our properties; 
 The impact of regional or country-specific business cycles and economic instability, including deterioration in political relations with the U.S., instability in, or further withdrawals from, the European Union or other international trade alliances or agreements; 
 The impact of disruptions in global, regional or local supply chains, including disruptions occurring during and after the COVID-19 pandemic; and 
 Political instability, uncertainty over property rights, civil unrest, drug trafficking, political activism or the continuation or escalation of terrorist activities. 
 
 If we are unable to adequately address these risks, they could have a significant adverse effect on our operations. 
 
 We depend on Safe Harbor's management to operate our marina business. 
 
 Safe Harbor's operations are separate from our other operations. The successful operation of our marinas depends on our ability to retain key employees with experience in the marina business, including Baxter R. Underwood, who is the Chief Executive Officer of Safe Harbor. The loss of services of Mr. Underwood or other key employees could have a material adverse effect on our ability to operate Safe Harbor. Although Mr. Underwood has entered into an employment and non-competition agreement, upon certain events he will have the option to eliminate the non-competition covenant by foregoing certain compensation and other benefits. We do not currently maintain or contemplate obtaining any "key-man" life insurance on any of the key employees of Safe Harbor. 
 15 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 
 
 A public health crisis, such as the one experienced during the COVID-19 pandemic, could have material and adverse effects on our ability to successfully operate our business and on our financial condition. The government and societal responses to public health crises, including the COVID-19 pandemic, are highly uncertain and we cannot predict with confidence the impact a public health crisis would have on our operations and financial condition. 
 
 Rent control legislation may harm our ability to increase rents. 
 
 National, state and local rent control laws in certain jurisdictions may limit our ability to increase rents at our MH properties to recover increases in operating expenses and the costs of capital improvements. Enactment of such laws has been considered from time to time in other jurisdictions. Certain properties are located, and we may purchase additional properties, in markets that are either subject to rent control or in which rent-limiting legislation exists or may be enacted. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR DEBT FINANCINGS 
 
 Our significant amount of debt could limit our operational flexibility or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition, and we may incur more debt in the future . 
 
 We have a significant amount of debt. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 7.2 billion of total debt outstanding, consisting of approximately 3.2 billion in debt that is secured by mortgage liens on 154 of our properties, 1.8 billion of senior unsecured notes, 2.1 billion on our line of credit and other debt, 35.2 million of mandatorily redeemable preferred equity and 34.0 million of mandatorily redeemable preferred OP units. Including the impact of hedge activity, as of December 31, 2022, approximately 77 of our total debt was fixed rate financing and approximately 23 of our total debt was floating rate financing. If we fail to meet our obligations under our secured debt, the lenders would be entitled to foreclose on all or some of the collateral securing such debt which could have a material adverse effect on us and our ability to make expected distributions, and could threaten our continued viability. 
 
 We are subject to the risks normally associated with debt financing, including the following risks: 
 
 Our cash flow may be insufficient to meet required debt payments, or we may need to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay our debt rather than to other areas of our business; 
 Our existing indebtedness may limit our operating flexibility due to financial and other restrictive covenants, including restrictions on incurring additional debt; 
 It may be more difficult for us to obtain additional financing for our operations, working capital requirements, capital expenditures, debt service or other general requirements; 
 Increases in interest rates will increase the costs of our floating rate debt and make obtaining new debt more expensive; 
 We may be more vulnerable in the event of adverse economic and industry conditions or a downturn in our business; 
 We may be placed at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and 
 We may not be able to refinance at all or on favorable terms, as our debt matures. 
 
 If any of the above risks occurred, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Despite our current indebtedness levels, we may incur substantially more debt in the future. If new debt is added to our current debt levels, an even greater portion of our cash flow will be needed to satisfy our debt service obligations. As a result, the related risks that we now face could intensify and increase the risk of a default on our indebtedness. 
 
 Covenants in our credit agreements and senior unsecured note indentures could limit our flexibility and adversely affect our financial condition. 
 
 The terms of our financing agreements and other indebtedness require us to comply with a number of customary financial and other covenants. These covenants may limit our flexibility in our operations, and breaches of these covenants could result in defaults under the instruments governing the applicable indebtedness even if we have satisfied our payment obligations. Our financing agreements contain certain cross-default provisions that could be triggered in the event that we default on our other indebtedness. These cross-default provisions may require us to repay or restructure our senior credit facility in addition to any mortgage or other debt that is in 
 16 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 default. If our properties were foreclosed upon, or if we are unable to refinance our indebtedness at maturity or meet our payment obligations, the amount of our distributable cash flows and our financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 Our senior credit facility contains various financial covenants including, but not limited to a maximum leverage ratio, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and a maximum secured leverage ratio. In addition to our senior credit facility, our senior unsecured notes also contain various covenants including an aggregate debt test, a secured debt test, a debt service test, and a maintenance of total unencumbered assets test. These covenants may restrict our ability to pursue certain business initiatives or certain transactions that might otherwise be advantageous. Furthermore, failure to meet certain of these financial covenants could cause an event of default under and / or accelerate some or all of such indebtedness which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 An increase in market interest rates could raise our interest costs on existing and future debt or adversely affect our stock price, and a decrease in interest rates may lead to additional competition for the acquisition of real estate or adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Our interest costs for any new debt and our current debt obligations may rise if interest rates increase. This increased cost could make the financing of any new acquisition more expensive as well as lower our current period earnings. Rising interest rates could limit our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures or cause us to pay higher interest rates upon refinancing. In addition, an increase in interest rates could decrease the access our customers have to credit, thereby decreasing the demand for manufactured homes and recreational vehicles. An increase in market interest rates may lead prospective purchasers of our common stock to expect a higher dividend yield, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Decreases in interest rates may lead to additional competition for the acquisition of real estate due to a reduction in desirable alternative income-producing investments. Increased competition for the acquisition of real estate may lead to a decrease in the yields on real estate targeted for acquisition. In such circumstances, if we are not able to offset the decrease in yields by obtaining lower interest costs on our borrowings, our results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our hedging strategies may not be successful in mitigating our risks associated with interest rates and could reduce the overall returns on your investment. 
 
 We use various derivative financial instruments to provide a level of protection against interest rate risks, but no hedging strategy can protect us completely. These instruments involve risks, such as the risk that the counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements, that these arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to interest rate changes, that a court could rule that such agreements are not legally enforceable and that we may have to post collateral to enter into hedging transactions, which we may lose if we are unable to honor our obligations. These instruments may also generate income that may not be treated as qualifying REIT income for purposes of the REIT income tests. In addition, the nature and timing of hedging transactions may influence the effectiveness of our hedging strategies. Poorly designed strategies or improperly executed transactions could actually increase our risk and losses. Moreover, hedging strategies involve transaction and other costs. We cannot assure you that our hedging strategy and the derivatives that we use will adequately offset the risk of interest rate volatility or that our hedging transactions will not result in losses that may reduce the overall return on your investment. 
 
 A downgrade in our credit ratings could have material adverse effects on our business and financial condition. 
 
 We intend to manage our operations to maintain our investment grade credit ratings from S P Global and Moody's. These ratings are based on a number of factors, which include assessments of our financial strength, liquidity, capital structure, asset quality, and sustainability of cash flow and earnings. Changes in these factors could lead to a downgrade of our ratings, leading to an adverse impact on our cost and availability of capital, which could in turn have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 
 TAX RISKS RELATED TO OUR STATUS AS A REIT 
 
 We may suffer adverse tax consequences and be unable to attract capital if we fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 We believe that since our taxable year ended December 31, 1994, we have been organized and operated, and intend to continue to operate, so as to qualify for taxation as a REIT under the Code. Although we believe that we have been and will continue to be organized and have operated and will continue to operate so as to qualify for taxation as a REIT, we cannot be assured that we have been or will continue to qualify as a REIT. Qualification as a REIT involves the satisfaction of numerous requirements (some on an annual and quarterly basis) established under highly technical and complex Code provisions for which there are only limited judicial or administrative interpretations and involves the determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. In addition, frequent changes occur in the area of REIT taxation, which require us to monitor our tax status continually. 
 17 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, our taxable income could be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates. Moreover, unless entitled to relief under certain statutory provisions, we also would be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost. This treatment would reduce our net earnings available for investment or distribution to shareholders because of the additional tax liability to us for the years involved. In addition, distributions to shareholders would no longer be required to be made. 
 
 Federal, state and foreign income tax laws governing REITs and related interpretations may change at any time, and any such legislative or other actions affecting REITs could have a negative effect on us. 
 
 Federal, state and foreign income tax laws governing REITs, or the administrative interpretations of those laws may be amended at any time. Federal, state and foreign tax laws are under constant review by persons involved in the legislative process, at the Internal Revenue Service and the U.S. Department of the Treasury, and at various state and foreign tax authorities. Changes to tax laws, regulations or administrative interpretations, which may be applied retroactively, could adversely affect us. We cannot predict whether, when, in what forms, or with what effective dates, the tax laws, regulations and administrative interpretations applicable to us may be changed. Accordingly, we cannot assert that any such change will not significantly affect either our ability to qualify for taxation as a REIT or the income tax consequences to us. 
 
 We intend for the Operating Partnership to be taxed as a partnership, but we cannot guarantee that it will qualify. 
 
 We believe that the Operating Partnership has been organized as a partnership and will qualify for treatment as such under the Code. However, if the Operating Partnership is deemed to be a "publicly traded partnership," it will be treated as a corporation instead of a partnership for federal income tax purposes unless at least 90 of its income is qualifying income as defined in the Code. The income requirements applicable to REITs and the definition of "qualifying income" for purposes of this 90 test are similar in most respects. Qualifying income for the 90 test generally includes passive income, such as specified types of real property rents, distributions and interest. We believe that the Operating Partnership has and will continue to meet this 90 test, but we cannot guarantee that it has or will. If the Operating Partnership were to be taxed as a regular corporation, it would incur substantial tax liabilities, we would fail to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes and our ability to raise additional capital could be significantly impaired. 
 
 Partnership tax audit rules could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 changed the rules applicable to U.S. federal income tax audits of partnerships. Under the rules, among other changes and subject to certain exceptions, any audit adjustment to items of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit of a partnership (and a partner's allocable share thereof) is determined, and taxes, interest, and penalties attributable thereto are assessed and collected, at the partnership level. Unless the partnership makes an election or takes certain steps to require the partners to pay their tax on their allocable shares of the adjustment, it is possible that partnerships in which we directly or indirectly invest, including the Operating Partnership, would be required to pay additional taxes, interest and penalties as a result of an audit adjustment. We, as a direct or indirect partner of the Operating Partnership and other partnerships, could be required to bear the economic burden of those taxes, interest and penalties even though the Company, as a REIT, may not otherwise have been required to pay additional corporate-level tax. The changes created by these rules are significant for collecting tax in partnership audits and, accordingly, there can be no assurance that these rules will not have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Our ability to accumulate cash may be restricted due to certain REIT distribution requirements. 
 
 In order to qualify as a REIT, we must distribute to our shareholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (calculated without any deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gain) and to avoid federal income taxation, our distributions must not be less than 100 of our REIT taxable income, including capital gains. As a result of the distribution requirements, we do not expect to accumulate significant amounts of cash. Accordingly, these distributions could significantly reduce the cash available to us in subsequent periods to fund our operations and future growth. 
 
 Our taxable REIT subsidiaries, or TRSs, are subject to special rules that may result in increased taxes. 
 
 As a REIT, we must pay a 100 penalty tax on certain payments that we receive if the economic arrangements between us and any of our TRSs are not comparable to similar arrangements between unrelated parties. The Internal Revenue Service may successfully assert that the economic arrangements of any of our inter-company transactions are not comparable to similar arrangements between unrelated parties. This would result in unexpected tax liability which would adversely affect our cash flows. 
 
 18 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates applicable to certain dividends. 
 
 The maximum federal tax rate for certain qualified dividends payable to domestic shareholders that are individuals, trusts and estates is 20 . Dividends payable by REITs, however, are generally not eligible for this reduced rate, although the Tax Cut and Jobs Act permits a 20 deduction equal to the amount of qualifying REIT dividends received, thus bringing the maximum federal tax rate on qualifying REIT dividends to 29.6 . While this rule does not adversely affect the taxation of REITs or dividends paid by REITs, the more favorable rates applicable to regular qualified corporate dividends could cause investors who are individuals, trusts and estates to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less competitive than investments in stock of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the comparative value of the stock of REITs, including our common stock and preferred stock. 
 
 Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the effect of this change on their effective tax rate with respect to REIT dividends. 
 
 Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities. 
 
 To remain qualified as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy requirements and tests under the tax law concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our shareholders and the ownership of our stock. In order to meet these tests, we may be required to forego or limit attractive business or investment opportunities and distribute all of our net earnings rather than invest in attractive opportunities or hold larger liquid reserves. Therefore, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to operate solely to maximize profits. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND OUR STRUCTURE 
 
 Some of our directors and officers may have conflicts of interest with respect to certain related party transactions and other business interests. 
 
 Lease of Executive Offices - Gary A. Shiffman, together with certain of his family members, indirectly owns an equity interest of approximately 28.1 in American Center LLC, the entity from which we lease office space for our principal executive offices. Each of Brian M. Hermelin, Ronald A. Klein and Arthur A. Weiss indirectly owns less than one percent interest in American Center LLC. Mr. Shiffman is our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. Each of Mr. Hermelin, Mr. Klein and Mr. Weiss is a director of the Company. Under this agreement, we lease approximately 60,261 rentable square feet of permanent space. The lease agreement includes annual graduated rent increases through the initial end date of October 31, 2026. As of December 31, 2022, the average gross base rent was 20.45 per square foot. Each of Mr. Shiffman, Mr. Hermelin, Mr. Klein and Mr. Weiss may have a conflict of interest with respect to his obligations as our officer and / or director and his ownership interest in American Center LLC. 
 
 Use of Airplane - Gary A. Shiffman is the beneficial owner of an airplane that we use from time to time for business purposes. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we paid 0.7 million, 0.7 million and 0.3 million for the use of the airplane, respectively. Mr. Shiffman may have a conflict of interest with respect to his obligations as our officer and director and his ownership interest in the airplane. 
 
 Telephone Services - Brian M. Hermelin is a principal and a beneficial owner of an entity that installs and maintains emergency telephone systems at our properties. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we paid 0.2 million for these services, respectively. Mr. Hermelin may have a conflict of interest with respect to his obligations as our director and his position with and ownership interest in the provider of these services. 
 
 Legal Counsel - Arthur A. Weiss is a partner at Taft Stettinius Hollister LLP (formerly Jaffe, Raitt, Heuer, Weiss, Professional Corporation) which acts as our general counsel and represents us in various matters. We incurred legal fees and expenses owed to this law firm of approximately 9.7 million, 10.3 million and 13.3 million in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Tax Consequences Upon Sale of Properties - Gary A. Shiffman holds limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership which were received in connection with the contribution of properties from partnerships previously affiliated with him. Prior to any redemption of these limited partnership interests for our common stock, Mr. Shiffman will have tax consequences different from those on us and our public shareholders upon the sale of any of these partnerships. Therefore, we and Mr. Shiffman may have different objectives regarding the appropriate pricing and timing of any sale of those properties. 
 
 19 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Transactions with Immediate Family Members - Adam Shiffman, the son of Gary A. Shiffman, the Company's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, was appointed as the Company's Regional Vice President of Operations and Sales in September 2021. Adam Shiffman's aggregate annual compensation was approximately 135,000 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Certain provisions in our governing documents may make it difficult for a third-party to acquire us. 
 
 9.8 Ownership Limit. In order to qualify and maintain our qualification as a REIT, not more than 50 of the outstanding shares of our capital stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals. Thus, ownership of more than 9.8 , in number of shares or value, of the issued and outstanding shares of our capital stock by any single stockholder has been restricted, with certain exceptions, for the purpose of maintaining our qualification as a REIT under the Code. Such restrictions in our charter do not apply to Milton M. Shiffman, Gary A. Shiffman and Robert B. Bayer; trustees, personal representatives and agents to the extent acting for them or their respective estates; or certain of their respective relatives. 
 
 The 9.8 ownership limit, as well as our ability to issue additional shares of common stock or shares of other stock (which may have rights and preferences over the common stock), may discourage a change of control of the Company and may also: (a) deter tender offers for the common stock, which offers may be advantageous to stockholders; and (b) limit the opportunity for stockholders to receive a premium for their common stock that might otherwise exist if an investor were attempting to assemble a block of common stock in excess of 9.8 of our outstanding shares or otherwise effect a change of control of the Company. 
 
 Preferred Stock. Our charter authorizes the Board of Directors to issue up to 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, none of which is currently outstanding, and to establish the preferences and rights (including the right to vote and the right to convert into shares of common stock) of any shares issued. The power to issue preferred stock could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company even if a change in control were in the stockholders' interest. 
 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law could inhibit changes in control, which may discourage third parties from conducting a tender offer or seeking other change of control transactions that could involve a premium price for our common stock or that our stockholders otherwise believe to be in their best interest. 
 
 Certain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law ("MGCL") may have the effect of inhibiting a third-party from making a proposal to acquire us or of impeding a change of control under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of shares of our capital stock with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of such shares, including: 
 
 "Business combination" provisions that, subject to limitations, prohibit certain business combinations between us and an "interested stockholder" (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of our shares or an affiliate thereof or an affiliate or associate of ours who was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of our then outstanding voting stock at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question) for five years after the most recent date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, and thereafter impose fair price and / or supermajority and stockholder voting requirements on these combinations; and 
 "Control share" provisions that provide that "control shares" of our company (defined as shares that, when aggregated with other shares controlled by the stockholder, entitle the stockholder to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing directors) acquired in a "control share acquisition" (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of ownership or control of issued and outstanding "control shares") have no voting rights except to the extent approved by our stockholder by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares. 
 
 The provisions of the MGCL relating to business combinations do not apply, however, to business combinations that are approved or exempted by our Board of Directors prior to the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. As permitted by the statute, our Board of Directors has by resolution exempted Milton M. Shiffman, Robert B. Bayer and Gary A. Shiffman, their affiliates and all persons acting in concert or as a group with the foregoing, from the business combination provisions of the MGCL and, consequently, the five-year prohibition and the supermajority vote requirements will not apply to business combinations between us and these persons. As a result, these persons may be able to enter into business combinations with us that may not be in the best interests of our stockholder without compliance by our company with the supermajority vote requirements and the other provisions of the statute. 
 
 Also, pursuant to a provision in our bylaws, we have exempted any acquisition of our stock from the control share provisions of the MGCL. However, our Board of Directors may by amendment to our bylaws opt into the control share provisions of the MGCL at any time in the future. 
 
 20 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Additionally, Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the MGCL permits our Board of Directors, without stockholder approval and regardless of what is currently provided in our charter or bylaws, to elect to be subject to certain provisions relating to corporate governance that may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change of control of our company that might involve a premium to the market price of our common stock or otherwise be in our stockholders' best interests. These provisions include a classified board; two-thirds vote to remove a director; that the number of directors may only be fixed by the Board of Directors; that vacancies on the board as a result of an increase in the size of the board or due to death, resignation or removal can only be filled by the board, and the director appointed to fill the vacancy serves for the remainder of the full term of the class of director in which the vacancy occurred; and a majority requirement for the calling by stockholders of special meetings. Other than a classified board, the filling of vacancies as a result of the removal of a director and a majority requirement for the calling by stockholders of special meetings, we are already subject to these provisions, either by provisions of our charter and bylaws unrelated to Subtitle 8 or by reason of an election to be subject to certain provisions of Subtitle 8. In the future, our Board of Directors may elect, without stockholder approval, to make us subject to the provisions of Subtitle 8 to which we are not currently subject. 
 
 Our Board of Directors has power to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of our bylaws or make new bylaws, provided, however, that our stockholders may alter or repeal any provision of our bylaws and adopt new bylaws if any such alteration, repeal or adoption is approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of all votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 
 GENERAL RISK FACTORS 
 
 Our share price could be volatile and could decline, resulting in a substantial or complete loss on our shareholders' investment. 
 
 The stock markets, including the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE"), on which we list our common stock, have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. As a result, the market price of our common stock and preferred stock could be similarly volatile, and investors in our common stock and preferred stock may experience a decrease in the value of their shares, including decreases unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. The price of our common stock and preferred stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a number of factors, including: 
 
 Outbreaks of disease, including the COVID-19 pandemic, and related stay-at-home orders, quarantine policies and restrictions on travel, trade and business operations; 
 Issuances of other equity securities in the future, including new series or classes of preferred stock; 
 Our operating performance and the performance of other similar companies; 
 Our ability to maintain compliance with covenants contained in our debt facilities and our senior unsecured notes; 
 Actual or anticipated variations in our operating results, funds from operations, cash flows or liquidity; 
 Changes in expectations of future financial performance or changes in our earnings estimates or those of analysts; 
 Changes in our distribution policy; 
 Publication of research reports about us or the real estate industry generally; 
 Increases in market interest rates that lead purchasers of our common stock and preferred stock to demand a higher dividend yield; 
 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates, including between the U.S. dollar and each of the Canadian dollar, the Australian dollar and Pound sterling; 
 Changes in market valuations of similar companies; 
 Adverse market reaction to the amount of our debt outstanding at any time, the amount of our debt maturing in the near-term and medium-term and our ability to refinance our debt, or our plans to incur additional debt in the future; 
 Additions or departures of key management personnel; 
 Speculation in the press or investment community; 
 Equity issuances by us, or share resales by our shareholders or the perception that such issuances or resales may occur; 
 Actions by institutional shareholders; and 
 General market and economic conditions. 
 
 21 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Many of the factors listed above are beyond our control. Those factors may cause the market price of our common stock or preferred stock to decline significantly, regardless of our financial condition, results of operations and prospects. It is impossible to provide any assurance that the market price of our common stock or preferred stock will not fall in the future, and it may be difficult for holders to resell shares of our common stock or preferred stock at prices they find attractive, or at all. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in their stock price. This type of litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management's attention and resources. 
 
 Substantial sales or issuances of our common or preferred stock could cause our stock price to fall . 
 
 The sale or issuance of substantial amounts of our common stock or preferred stock, whether directly by us or in the secondary market, the perception that such sales could occur or the availability of future issuances of shares of our common stock, preferred stock, OP units or other securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our common stock or preferred stock, could materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock or preferred stock and our ability to raise capital through future offerings of equity or equity-related securities. In addition, we may issue capital stock that is senior to our common stock in the future for a number of reasons, including to finance our operations and business strategy, to adjust our ratio of debt to equity or for other reasons. 
 
 Based on the applicable conversion ratios then in effect, as of February 16, 2023, in the future we may issue to the limited partners of the Operating Partnership, up to approximately 4.8 million shares of our common stock in exchange for their OP units. The limited partners may sell such shares pursuant to registration rights, if available, or an available exemption from registration. As of February 16, 2023, there were no outstanding options to purchase shares of our common stock under our equity incentive plans, and we currently have the authority to issue restricted stock awards or options to purchase up to an additional 3,284,191 shares of our common stock pursuant to our equity incentive plans. In addition, we have entered into an At-the-Market Offering Sales Agreement to sell shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022, we have remaining capacity to sell up to an additional 1.1 billion of common stock under this agreement. No prediction can be made regarding the effect that future sales of shares of our common stock or our other securities will have on the market price of shares. 
 
 Our business operations may not generate the cash needed to make distributions on our capital stock or to service our indebtedness, and we may adjust our common stock distribution policy. 
 
 Our ability to make distributions on our common stock and preferred stock, and payments on our indebtedness and to fund planned capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to make distributions on our common stock or preferred stock, to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. 
 
 The decision to declare and pay distributions on shares of our common stock in the future, as well as the timing, amount and composition of any such future distributions, will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors in light of conditions then existing, including our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, debt maturities, the availability of debt and equity capital, applicable REIT and legal restrictions, general overall economic conditions and other factors. Any change in our distribution policy could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 
 
 We rely on key management . 
 
 We depend on the efforts of our executive officers, including Gary A. Shiffman, Bruce Thelen, Fernando Castro-Caratini, Aaron Weiss, Marc Farrugia and Baxter R. Underwood. The loss of services of one or more of these executive officers could have a temporary adverse effect on our operations. We do not currently maintain or contemplate obtaining any "key-man" life insurance on our executive officers. 
 
 22 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report financial results, which could result in a loss of investor confidence and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 We are required to establish and maintain internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Disclosure controls and procedures are processes designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed is communicated to management and reported in a timely manner. We cannot be certain that we will be successful in continuing to maintain adequate control over our financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. Deficiencies, including any material weakness, in our internal control over financial reporting that may occur could result in misstatements or restatements of our financial statements or a decline in the price of our securities. In addition, as our business continues to grow, and as we continue to make significant acquisitions, our internal controls will become more complex and may require significantly more resources to ensure that our disclosure controls and procedures remain effective. Acquisitions can pose challenges in implementing the required processes, procedures and controls in the operations of the companies that we acquire. Companies that are acquired by us may not have disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting that are as thorough or effective as those required by the securities laws that currently apply to us. Moreover, the existence of any material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal controls and procedures would require management to devote significant time and incur significant expense to remediate any such material weaknesses or significant deficiencies and management may not be able to remediate any such material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in a timely manner. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports, our reputation and operating results could be materially adversely affected, which could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which in turn could result in a reduction in the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 Cybersecurity breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. 
 
 We rely intensively on information technology to account for tenant transactions, manage the privacy of tenant data, communicate internally and externally, and analyze our financial and operating results. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including our proprietary business information and that of our tenants, clients, vendors and employees in our facilities and on our network. In addition, we engage third party service providers that may have access to such information in connection with providing necessary information technology and security and other business services to us. This information may include personally identifiable information such as social security numbers, banking information and credit card information. 
 
 We address potential breaches or disclosure of this confidential information by implementing a variety of security measures intended to protect the confidentiality and security of this information including (among others) engaging reputable, recognized firms to help us design and maintain our information technology and data security systems, including testing and verification of their proper and secure operations on a periodic basis. We also maintain cyber risk insurance to provide some coverage for certain risks arising out of data and network breaches. Our senior leadership regularly updates the Board of Directors on security matters and meets at least annually to review program progress and plans, incidents if any, and emerging risks. 
 
 Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure, as well as that of our third-party vendors, may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers (including through malware, ransomware, computer viruses and email phishing schemes) or breached due to employee error, malfeasance, fire, flood or other physical event, or other disruptions. Any such breach or disruption could compromise our or a third-party vendor's network and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could: 
 
 Result in legal claims or proceedings, 
 Disrupt our operations, including our ability to service our tenants and our ability to analyze and report our financial and operating results, 
 Decrease our revenues, 
 Damage our reputation, 
 Cause a loss of confidence, 
 Increase our insurance premiums, or 
 Have other material adverse effects on our business. 
 
 23 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 We depend on continuous access to the internet to use our cloud-based applications. Damage to, or failure of our information technology systems, including as a result of any of the reasons described above, could adversely affect our results of operations as we may incur significant costs or data loss. We continually assess new and enhanced information technology solutions to manage the risk of system failure or interruption. 
 
 Losses in excess of our insurance coverage or uninsured losses could adversely affect our operating results and cash flow. 
 
 We have a significant concentration of MH and RV properties and marinas on coastlines and in other areas where natural disasters or other catastrophic events such as hurricanes, flash floods, sea-level rise, tornadoes, wildfires and earthquakes could negatively impact our operating results and cash flows. We maintain comprehensive liability, fire, property, business interruption, general liability and (where appropriate) flood and earthquake insurance, and other lines of insurance we have determined to be appropriate for our business, provided by reputable companies with commercially reasonable deductibles and limits. We believe the policy specifications and insured limits are appropriate and adequate given the relative risk of loss, the cost of the coverage and industry practice. However, certain types of losses including, but not limited to, riots or acts of war, may be either uninsurable or not economically insurable. In the event an uninsured loss occurs, we could lose both our investment in and anticipated profits and cash flow from the affected property. We would also continue to be obligated to repay any mortgage indebtedness or other obligations related to the community. If an uninsured liability to a third party were to occur, we would incur the cost of defense and settlement with, or court ordered damages to, that third party. A significant uninsured property or liability loss could have a material adverse effect on our business and our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Expanding social media platforms present new challenges. 
 
 Social media outlets continue to grow and expand, which presents us with new risks. Adverse content about us and our properties on social media platforms could result in damage to our reputation or brand. Improper posts by employees or others could result in disclosure of confidential or proprietary information regarding our operations. 
 
 Our operations are subject to regulation under various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations that may expose us to significant costs and liabilities. 
 
 Our properties and the operations at them are subject to regulation under various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations. Compliance with laws and regulations that govern our operations may require expenditures and modifications of development plans and operations that could have a detrimental effect on the operations of our properties and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. There can be no assurance that the application of laws, regulations or policies, or changes in such laws, regulations and policies, will not occur in a manner that could have a detrimental effect on any property. 
 
 We may be adversely impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 Our current and future investments in and operations of Canadian, Australian and UK properties are or will be exposed to the effects of changes in the Canadian dollar, Australian dollar and Pound sterling, respectively, against the U.S. dollar. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates cannot always be predicted; as a result, substantial unfavorable changes in exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Deterioration in general economic conditions in the United States, and globally, including the effect of prolonged periods of inflation, could harm our business and results of operations. 
 
 Our business and results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in national or global economic conditions. These conditions include but are not limited to inflation, rising interest rates, availability of capital markets, energy availability and costs, the negative impacts caused by pandemics and public health crises, negative impacts resulting from the military conflict between Russia and the Ukraine, and the effects of governmental initiatives to manage economic conditions. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 24 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our properties were located in the U.S., the UK and Canada, and consisted of 353 MH communities, 182 RV communities and 134 marinas. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our properties contained an aggregate of 227,541 developed sites comprised of 118,204 developed MH sites, 30,333 annual RV sites (inclusive of both annual and seasonal usage rights), 31,181 transient RV sites and 47,823 wet slips and dry storage spaces. There are 16,195 additional MH and RV sites suitable for development. Most of our properties include amenities oriented toward family and retirement living. Of our 669 properties, 319 each have 300 or more developed sites, with the largest having 2,341 developed MH and RV sites. See "Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation, Schedule III," included in our Consolidated Financial Statements, for detail on properties that are encumbered. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our MH and RV properties had an occupancy rate of 95.9 excluding transient RV sites. Since January 1, 2018, our MH and RV properties have a five-year average annual turnover of homes (where the home is moved out of the community) of approximately 2.8 and a five-year average annual turnover of residents (where the resident-owned home is sold and remains within the community, typically without interruption of rental income) of approximately 7.2 . The average renewal rate for residents in our Rental Program was 69.7 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 We believe that our properties' high amenity levels, customer service loyalty, and customer retention program contribute to low turnover and generally high occupancy rates. All of the properties provide residents with attractive amenities with most offering a clubhouse, a swimming pool and laundry facilities. Many of the properties offer additional amenities such as sauna / whirlpool spas, tennis courts, shuffleboard, basketball courts and / or exercise rooms. Many RV communities offer incremental amenities including golf, pro shops, restaurants, zip lines, waterparks, watersports and thematic experiences. 
 
 Our MH and RV communities are principally located in the midwestern, southern and southeastern regions of the U.S., in the south of England in the UK and in Canada. Our marinas are principally located in the northeastern, southern, mid-Atlantic, western and midwestern regions of the U.S., with the majority of such marinas concentrated in coastal regions, and others located in various inland regions. We believe that geographic diversification helps to insulate the portfolio from regional economic influences. We have concentrated our properties within certain areas of the regions in order to achieve economies of scale in management and operations. 
 
 The following tables set forth certain information relating to our MH and RV properties as of December 31, 2022. The occupancy percentage includes MH sites and annual RV sites and excludes transient RV sites. 
 
 Property Name MH / RV City / County (UK Only) State / Country MH and Annual RV Sites as of 12/31/2022 
 Transient RV Sites as of 12/31/2022 
 Occupancy as of 12/31/2022 
 Occupancy as of 12/31/2021 
 NORTH AMERICA UNITED STATES MIDWEST Michigan Academy / West Point MH Canton MI 441 98.0 98.4 Allendale Meadows MH Allendale MI 352 97.4 99.4 Alpine Meadows MH Grand Rapids MI 403 98.5 98.5 Andover MH Grass Lake MI 125 100.0 100.0 Apple Carr Village MH Muskegon MI 713 97.5 (1) 
 92.8 (1) 
 Arbor Woods MH Ypsilanti MI 458 98.0 98.9 Brentwood Village MH Kentwood MI 195 98.5 97.9 Broadview Estates MH Davison MI 474 97.9 88.2 Brookside Village MH Kentwood MI 196 99.5 98.5 Byron Center MH Byron Center MI 143 97.2 99.3 Camelot Villa MH Macomb MI 712 98.2 99.0 Charlevoix Estates MH Charlevoix MI 182 98.9 98.9 Cider Mill Crossings MH Fenton MI 621 97.6 (1) 
 94.8 (1) 
 Cider Mill Village MH Middleville MI 258 98.4 98.4 Country Acres MH Cadillac MI 182 95.1 98.9 Country Hills Village MH Hudsonville MI 239 100.0 99.2 
 25 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Property Name MH / RV City / County (UK Only) State / Country MH and Annual RV Sites as of 12/31/2022 
 Transient RV Sites as of 12/31/2022 
 Occupancy as of 12/31/2022 
 Occupancy as of 12/31/2021 
 Country Meadows MH Flat Rock MI 577 98.4 99.7 Country Meadows Village MH Caledonia MI 395 100.0 99.7 Creek Wood MH Burton MI 336 98.5 97.6 Cutler Estates MH Grand Rapids MI 259 99.2 97.7 Dutton Mill Village MH Caledonia MI 307 98.0 99.7 East Village Estates MH Washington Twp. MI 708 98.6 98.4 Egelcraft MH Muskegon MI 458 98.9 98.9 Fisherman's Cove MH Flint Twp. MI 162 96.3 98.8 Frenchtown Villa / Elizabeth Woods MH Newport MI 1,140 98.9 99.3 Grand Village MH Grand Rapids MI 219 97.7 99.1 Hamlin MH Webberville MI 230 97.0 98.3 Hickory Hills Village MH Battle Creek MI 283 98.2 98.9 Highland Greens Estates MH Highland MI 879 67.5 64.6 Holiday West Village MH Holland MI 341 100.0 99.4 Holly Village / Hawaiian Gardens MH Holly MI 425 97.9 98.4 Hunters Crossing MH Capac MI 114 98.2 100.0 Hunters Glen MH Wayland MI 396 99.7 98.0 Huntington Run MH Kalamazoo MI 175 100.0 98.9 Jellystone Park Petoskey (2) 
 RV Petoskey MI 49 238 100.0 100.0 Kensington Meadows MH Lansing MI 290 95.5 97.9 Kimberly Estates MH Newport MI 387 98.4 98.2 King's Court MH Traverse City MI 802 99.0 99.5 Knollwood Estates MH Allendale MI 161 96.9 96.3 Lafayette Place MH Warren MI 254 95.3 96.9 Lakeview MH Ypsilanti MI 392 97.4 97.7 Leisure Village MH Belmont MI 256 99.2 99.6 Lincoln Estates MH Holland MI 191 99.5 98.4 Meadow Lake Estates MH White Lake MI 425 97.9 98.8 Meadowbrook Estates MH Monroe MI 453 95.8 98.7 Meadowlands of Gibraltar MH Gibraltar MI 320 99.4 99.7 Meadowstone MH Hastings MI 231 97.0 94.4 Northville Crossing MH Northville MI 756 99.5 99.7 Oak Island Village MH East Lansing MI 250 97.2 97.6 Pinebrook Village MH Kentwood MI 185 96.2 98.9 Pineview Estates MH Flint MI 1,011 86.9 71.1 Presidential Estates MH Hudsonville MI 364 99.7 97.3 Richmond Place MH Richmond MI 117 94.9 98.3 River Haven Village MH Grand Haven MI 721 99.0 99.2 River Ridge MH Saline MI 288 99.7 100.0 Rudgate Clinton MH Clinton Township MI 667 99.1 98.7 Rudgate Manor MH Sterling Heights MI 931 98.0 98.0 Scio Farms MH Ann Arbor MI 913 99.3 98.8 Sheffield Estates MH Auburn Hills MI 228 98.2 100.0 Shelby Forest MH Shelby Twp. MI 664 98.5 98.9 Shelby West MH Shelby Twp. MI 644 98.8 99.4 Silver Springs MH Clinton Township MI 547 98.9 99.3 Southwood Village MH Grand Rapids MI 394 99.0 99.0 St. Clair Place MH St. Clair MI 100 98.0 97.0 Stonebridge MH Richfield Twp. MI N/A N/A (1) 
 Sun Outdoors Kensington Valley (2) 
 RV New Hudson MI 254 239 100.0 100.0 Sun Outdoors Petoskey Bay Harbor (2) 
 RV Petoskey MI 9 144 100.0 100.0 
 26 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Property Name MH / RV City / County (UK Only) State / Country MH and Annual RV Sites as of 12/31/2022 
 Transient RV Sites as of 12/31/2022 
 Occupancy as of 12/31/2022 
 Occupancy as of 12/31/2021 
 Sun Retreats Gun Lake (2) 
 RV Hopkins MI 281 54 100.0 100.0 Sun Retreats Silver Lake (2) 
 RV Mears MI 192 72 100.0 100.0 Sunset Ridge MH Portland MI 388 98.7 95.1 Sycamore Village MH Mason MI 396 98.5 98.7 Sylvan Crossing MH Chelsea MI 281 49.1 (1) 
 74.6 (1) 
 Sylvan Glen Estates MH Brighton MI 476 98.5 94.7 Tamarac Village MH Ludington MI 302 98.3 98.7 Tamarac Village RV Resort (2) 
 RV Ludington MI 111 2 100.0 100.0 Tanglewood Village MH Brownstown MI 247 100.0 98.8 Timberline Estates MH Coopersville MI 296 97.3 98.6 Town Country MH Traverse City MI 192 99.0 97.9 Troy Villa MH Troy MI 282 85.1 85.8 Warren Dunes Village MH Bridgman MI 314 99.7 99.7 Waverly Shores Village MH Holland MI 415 100.0 100.0 West Village Estates MH Romulus MI 628 99.5 100.0 White Lake MH White Lake MI 315 95.9 96.8 Windham Hills MH Jackson MI 469 96.8 98.7 Windsor Woods Village MH Wayland MI 314 98.7 99.7 Woodhaven Place MH Woodhaven MI 220 94.5 95.5 Michigan Total 32,471 749 96.7 96.3 Indiana Brookside Manor MH Goshen IN 570 97.5 97.5 Carrington Pointe MH Fort Wayne IN 468 97.9 90.2 (1) 
 Clear Water MH South Bend IN 227 98.7 98.2 Cobus Green MH Osceola IN 386 99.7 98.4 Four Seasons MH Elkhart IN 218 95.9 99.5 Jellystone Park at Barton Lake (2) 
 RV Fremont IN 68 489 100.0 100.0 Liberty Farm MH Valparaiso IN 220 95.5 96.8 Pebble Creek MH Greenwood IN 296 99.0 99.0 Pine Hills MH Middlebury IN 130 99.2 98.5 Roxbury Park MH Goshen IN 398 93.2 96.2 Sun Outdoors Lake Rudolph (2) 
 RV Santa Claus IN 534 N/A N/A The Willows MH Goshen IN 174 82.8 (1) 
 83.3 (1) 
 Indiana Total 3,155 1,023 96.6 96.0 SOUTH Texas Austin Lone Star RV Resort (2) 
 RV Austin TX 60 97 100.0 100.0 Bluebonnet Lake MH Austin TX N/A N/A Boulder Ridge MH Pflugerville TX 1,220 98.6 98.5 Branch Creek Estates MH Austin TX 400 99.5 99.8 Camp Fimfo (2) 
 RV New Braunfels TX 492 N/A N/A Chisholm Point MH Pflugerville TX 427 99.3 98.6 Comal Farms MH New Braunfels TX 367 98.9 99.5 Coyote Ranch Resort (2) 
 RV Wichita Falls TX 163 N/A N/A Creeks Crossing MH Kyle TX 196 56.6 (1) 
 94.3 (1) 
 Jellystone Park at Guadalupe River (2) 
 RV Kerrville TX 253 N/A N/A Jellystone Park at Hill Country (2) 
 RV Canyon Lake TX 167 N/A N/A Jellystone Park at Whispering Pines (2) 
 RV Tyler TX 134 N/A N/A Jetstream RV Resort at NASA (2) 
 RV Houston TX 76 126 100.0 100.0 
 27 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Property Name MH / RV City / County (UK Only) State / Country MH and Annual RV Sites as of 12/31/2022 
 Transient RV Sites as of 12/31/2022 
 Occupancy as of 12/31/2022 
 Occupancy as of 12/31/2021 
 Lantana Ranch South MH Brookshire TX N/A (1) 
 N/A (4) 
 Lone Star Jellystone Park (2) 
 RV Waller TX 344 N/A N/A Oak Crest MH Austin TX 654 98.2 97.6 Pearwood RV Resort (2) 
 RV Pearland TX 127 17 100.0 100.0 Pecan Branch MH Georgetown TX 229 99.1 96.1 Pine Acre Trails MH Conroe TX 251 6.0 (1) 
 N/A (4) 
 Pine Trace MH Houston TX 680 97.6 97.8 River Ranch MH Austin TX 848 98.9 98.5 River Ridge Estates MH Austin TX 515 98.4 99.2 Saddlebrook MH San Marcos TX 561 99.1 99.1 Sandy Lake MH Carrollton TX 54 100.0 100.0 Sandy Lake RV Resort (2) 
 RV Carrollton TX 187 33 100.0 100.0 Stonebridge MH San Antonio TX 335 100.0 99.7 Summit Ridge MH Converse TX 446 99.3 99.1 Sun Outdoors Lake Travis (2) 
 RV Austin TX 69 175 100.0 100.0 Sun Outdoors San Antonio West (2) 
 RV San Antonio TX 109 153 100.0 100.0 Sun Outdoors Texas Hill Country (2) 
 RV New Braunfels TX 130 239 100.0 100.0 
 Sunset Ridge MH Kyle TX 357 76.8 (1) 
 75.9 (1) 
 Travelers World MH San Antonio TX 8 100.0 100.0 Travelers World RV Resort (2) 
 RV San Antonio TX 26 129 100.0 100.0 Treetops RV Resort (2) 
 RV Arlington TX 130 44 100.0 100.0 Woodlake Trails MH San Antonio TX 316 94.3 (1) 
 93.7 (1) 
 Texas Total 8,778 2,566 94.3 97.7 SOUTHEAST Florida Arbor Terrace RV Park (2) 
 RV Bradenton FL 304 69 100.0 100.0 Ariana Village MH Lakeland FL 207 99.0 99.0 Bahia Vista Estates MH Sarasota FL 251 100.0 99.6 Baker Acres RV Resort (2) 
 RV Zephyrhills FL 291 61 100.0 100.0 Big Tree RV Resort (2) 
 RV Arcadia FL 372 39 100.0 100.0 Blue Heron Pines MH Punta Gorda FL 408 99.8 99.5 Blue Jay MH Dade City FL 207 99.5 99.5 Blue Jay RV Resort (2) 
 RV Dade City FL 50 2 100.0 100.0 Blueberry Hill (2) 
 RV Bushnell FL 349 56 100.0 100.0 Brentwood Estates MH Hudson FL 191 99.5 99.5 Buttonwood Bay MH Sebring FL 407 99.5 99.3 Buttonwood Bay RV Resort (2) 
 RV Sebring FL 384 148 100.0 100.0 Candlelight Manor MH South Daytona FL 128 99.2 100.0 Carriage Cove MH Sanford FL 467 99.4 99.6 Central Park MH Haines City FL 114 89.5 90.4 Central Park Resort RV Resort (2) 
 RV Haines City FL 261 103 100.0 100.0 Citrus Hill RV Resort (2) 
 RV Dade City FL 155 27 100.0 100.0 Club Naples (2) 
 RV Naples FL 260 45 100.0 100.0 Club Wildwood MH Hudson FL 478 99.8 100.0 Colony in the Wood MH Port Orange FL 383 97.1 100.0 Cypress Greens MH Lake Alfred FL 259 98.5 98.5 Deerwood MH Orlando FL 569 99.3 99.5 Ellenton Gardens RV Resort (2) 
 RV Ellenton FL 158 36 100.0 100.0 Fairfield Village MH Ocala FL 293 100.0 100.0 Flamingo Lake RV Resort (2) 
 RV Jacksonville FL 127 295 100.0 100.0 
 28 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Property Name MH / RV City / County (UK Only) State / Country MH and Annual RV Sites as of 12/31/2022 
 Transient RV Sites as of 12/31/2022 
 Occupancy as of 12/31/2022 
 Occupancy as of 12/31/2021 
 Forest View MH Homosassa FL 300 98.7 98.7 Glen Haven MH Zephyrhills FL 52 100.0 100.0 Glen Haven RV Resort (2) 
 RV Zephyrhills FL 178 40 100.0 100.0 Goldcoaster MH Homestead FL 531 99.4 99.2 Goldcoaster RV Resort (2) 
 RV Homestead FL 7 7 100.0 100.0 Grand Bay MH Dunedin FL 134 100.0 99.3 Grand Lake RV Golf Resort (2) 
 RV Citra FL 325 83 100.0 100.0 Grove Ridge RV Resort (2) 
 RV Dade City FL 181 65 100.0 100.0 Groves RV Resort RV Ft. Myers FL (5) 
 100.0 Gulfstream Harbor MH Orlando FL 974 99.8 99.9 Hacienda Del Rio MH Edgewater FL 800 91.0 (1) 
 99.5 Hidden River RV Resort (2) 
 RV Riverview FL 238 63 100.0 100.0 Holly Forest MH Holly Hill FL 402 100.0 100.0 Homosassa River RV Resort (2) 
 RV Homosassa Springs FL 145 79 100.0 100.0 Horseshoe Cove RV Resort (2) 
 RV Bradenton FL 353 123 100.0 100.0 Indian Creek Park MH Ft. Myers Beach FL (5) 
 100.0 Indian Creek RV Park RV Ft. Myers Beach FL (5) 
 100.0 Island Lakes MH Merritt Island FL 301 100.0 100.0 King's Lake MH DeBary FL 245 100.0 100.0 Kings Manor MH Lakeland FL 239 96.2 97.1 Kings Pointe MH Lake Alfred FL 226 100.0 99.1 Kissimmee Gardens MH Kissimmee FL 240 99.2 99.6 Kissimmee South MH Davenport FL 142 96.5 91.5 Kissimmee South RV Resort (2) 
 RV Davenport FL 153 48 100.0 100.0 La Costa Village MH Port Orange FL 658 100.0 100.0 Lake Josephine RV Resort (2) 
 RV Sebring FL 157 21 100.0 100.0 Lake Juliana Landings MH Auburndale FL 274 98.5 98.2 Lake Pointe Village MH Mulberry FL 362 99.2 99.4 Lake San Marino RV Park (2) 
 RV Naples FL 308 99 100.0 100.0 Lakeland RV Resort (2) 
 RV Lakeland FL 218 13 100.0 100.0 Lakeshore Landings MH Orlando FL 307 98.7 99.3 Lakeshore Villas MH Tampa FL 280 98.9 98.2 Lamplighter MH Port Orange FL 259 99.6 99.6 Majestic Oaks RV Resort (2) 
 RV Zephyrhills FL 230 24 100.0 100.0 Marco Naples RV Resort (2) 
 RV Naples FL 242 59 100.0 100.0 Meadowbrook Village MH Tampa FL 257 100.0 100.0 Mill Creek MH Kissimmee FL 34 91.2 94.1 Mill Creek RV Resort (2) 
 RV Kissimmee FL 132 24 100.0 100.0 Naples RV Resort (2) 
 RV Naples FL 141 26 100.0 100.0 North Lake Estates (2) 
 RV Moore Haven FL 205 67 100.0 100.0 Oakview Estates MH Arcadia FL 119 95.8 100.0 Ocean Breeze - Jensen Beach MH Jensen Beach FL 325 79.7 (1) 
 77.3 (1) 
 Ocean Breeze - Jensen Beach RV Resort (2) 
 RV Jensen Beach FL 86 76 100.0 100.0 Ocean Breeze - Marathon MH Marathon FL 46 100.0 (6) 
 74.5 (1)(6) 
 Ocean Breeze - Marathon RV Resort RV Marathon FL (6) 
 (6) 
 Ocean View MH Jensen Beach FL 71 N/A (1) 
 N/A (1) 
 Orange City MH Orange City FL 4 100.0 100.0 Orange City RV Resort (2) 
 RV Orange City FL 444 77 100.0 100.0 Orange Tree Village MH Orange City FL 246 100.0 100.0 Paddock Park South MH Ocala FL 188 80.9 80.3 Palm Key Village MH Davenport FL 204 100.0 100.0 
 29 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Property Name MH / RV City / County (UK Only) State / Country MH and Annual RV Sites as of 12/31/2022 
 Transient RV Sites as of 12/31/2022 
 Occupancy as of 12/31/2022 
 Occupancy as of 12/31/2021 
 Palm Village MH Bradenton FL 146 100.0 100.0 Park Place MH Sebastian FL 476 97.7 96.8 Park Royale MH Pinellas Park FL 309 100.0 99.0 Pecan Park RV Resort (2) 
 RV Jacksonville FL 116 225 100.0 100.0 Pelican Bay MH Micco FL 216 99.1 99.5 Pleasant Lake RV Resort (2) 
 RV Bradenton FL 317 24 100.0 100.0 Rainbow MH Frostproof FL 37 100.0 100.0 Rainbow RV Resort (2) 
 RV Frostproof FL 440 22 100.0 100.0 Rainbow Village of Largo (2) 
 RV Largo FL 276 33 100.0 100.0 Rainbow Village of Zephyrhills (2) 
 RV Zephyrhills FL 350 32 100.0 100.0 Red Oaks MH Bushnell FL 103 93.2 93.2 (1) 
 Red Oaks RV Resort (2) 
 RV Bushnell FL 548 369 100.0 100.0 Regency Heights MH Clearwater FL 391 99.2 98.7 Riverside Club MH Ruskin FL 728 94.2 (1) 
 89.8 Rock Crusher Canyon RV Resort (2) 
 RV Crystal River FL 275 120 100.0 100.0 Royal Country MH Miami FL 864 99.9 99.8 Royal Palm Village MH Haines City FL 395 87.3 87.3 Saddle Oak Club MH Ocala FL 376 99.5 99.7 Saralake Estates MH Sarasota FL 202 99.5 99.5 Savanna Club MH Port St. Lucie FL 1,069 98.9 98.5 Serendipity MH North Fort Myers FL 338 92.9 97.3 Settler's Rest RV Resort (2) 
 RV Zephyrhills FL 313 65 100.0 100.0 Shadow Wood Village MH Hudson FL 260 85.4 (1) 
 78.8 (1) 
 Shady Road Villas MH Ocala FL 129 93.8 87.6 Shell Creek Marina MH Punta Gorda FL 54 98.1 98.1 Shell Creek RV Resort Marina (2) 
 RV Punta Gorda FL 154 31 100.0 100.0 Siesta Bay RV Park RV Ft. Myers FL (5) 
 100.0 Southern Charm MH Zephyrhills FL 1 100.0 100.0 Southern Charm RV Resort (2) 
 RV Zephyrhills FL 414 82 100.0 100.0 Southern Leisure RV Resort (2) 
 RV Chiefland FL 280 217 100.0 100.0 Southport Springs Golf Country Club MH Zephyrhills FL 547 99.5 99.1 Spanish Main MH Thonotosassa FL 56 96.4 91.1 Spanish Main RV Resort (2) 
 RV Thonotosassa FL 256 23 100.0 100.0 Stonebrook MH Homosassa FL 215 93.5 (1) 
 94.0 (1) 
 Sun Outdoors Islamorada MH Islamorada FL 20 5.0 (6) 
 (6) 
 Sun Outdoors Islamorada RV Resort RV Islamorada FL (6) 
 (6) 
 Sun Outdoors Key Largo (2) 
 RV Key Largo FL 14 24 100.0 100.0 Sun Outdoors Marathon (2) 
 RV Marathon FL 17 68 100.0 100.0 Sun Outdoors Orlando ChampionsGate MH Davenport FL 44 68.2 75.0 Sun Outdoors Orlando ChampionsGate RV Resort (2) 
 RV Davenport FL 48 212 100.0 100.0 Sun Outdoors Panama City Beach MH Panama City Beach FL 42 97.6 97.6 Sun Outdoors Panama City Beach RV Resort (2) 
 RV Panama City Beach FL 167 N/A N/A Sun Outdoors Sarasota (2) 
 RV Sarasota FL 1,111 408 100.0 100.0 Sun Outdoors St. Augustine (2) 
 RV St. Augustine FL 175 N/A N/A Sun Outdoors Sugarloaf Key (2) 
 RV Summerland Key FL 99 N/A N/A Sun Retreats Daytona Beach (2) 
 RV Port Orange FL 166 67 100.0 100.0 Sun Retreats Dunedin (2) 
 RV Dunedin FL 198 41 100.0 100.0 Suncoast Gateway MH Port Richey FL 173 98.8 98.8 Sundance MH Zephyrhills FL 332 100.0 100.0 Sunlake Estates MH Grand Island FL 411 96.8 97.1 
 30 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Property Name MH / RV City / County (UK Only) State / Country MH and Annual RV Sites as of 12/31/2022 
 Transient RV Sites as of 12/31/2022 
 Occupancy as of 12/31/2022 
 Occupancy as of 12/31/2021 
 Sunset Harbor at Cow Key Marina MH Key West FL 77 98.7 98.7 Sweetwater RV Resort (2) 
 RV Zephyrhills FL 221 70 100.0 100.0 Tallowwood Isle MH Coconut Creek FL 274 97.1 97.1 Tampa East MH Dover FL 31 100.0 100.0 Tampa East RV Resort (2) 
 RV Dover FL 598 71 100.0 100.0 The Hamptons Golf Country Club MH Auburndale FL 829 99.9 99.5 The Hideaway MH Key West FL 13 100.0 100.0 The Hills MH Apopka FL 97 99.0 99.0 The Landings at Lake Henry MH Haines City FL 394 99.2 99.2 The Ridge MH Davenport FL 481 99.8 99.4 The Valley MH Apopka FL 148 100.0 100.0 ThemeWorld RV Resort (2) 
 RV Davenport FL 127 17 100.0 100.0 Three Lakes (2) 
 RV Hudson FL 266 41 100.0 100.0 Tranquility MHC MH Bushnell FL 26 30.8 23.1 Vista del Lago MH Bradenton FL 136 100.0 100.0 Vista del Lago RV Resort (2) 
 RV Bradenton FL 36 4 100.0 100.0 Vizcaya Lakes MH Port Charlotte FL 109 95.4 96.3 Walden Woods I MH Homosassa FL 213 100.0 100.0 Walden Woods II MH Homosassa FL 213 100.0 100.0 Water Oak Country Club Estates MH Lady Lake FL 1,608 79.3 (1) 
 93.2 Waters Edge RV Resort (2) 
 RV Zephyrhills FL 171 46 100.0 100.0 Westside Ridge MH Auburndale FL 219 99.1 99.5 Windmill Village MH Davenport FL 509 99.8 99.8 Woodlands at Church Lake MH Groveland FL 291 86.9 85.2 Woodsmoke Camping Resort (2) 
 RV Fort Myers FL 268 32 100.0 100.0 Florida Total 39,618 4,660 97.4 98.1 Virginia Jellystone Park Chincoteague Island (3) 
 RV Chincoteague VA 346 N/A N/A Jellystone Park at Luray (2) 
 RV East Luray VA 254 N/A N/A Jellystone Park at Natural Bridge (3) 
 RV Natural Bridge Station VA 69 230 100.0 100.0 Pine Ridge MH Prince George VA 376 99.5 99.5 Sun Outdoors Cape Charles (3) 
 RV Cape Charles VA 663 N/A N/A Sun Outdoors Chesapeake Bay (2) 
 RV Temperanceville VA 246 N/A N/A Sun Outdoors Chincoteague Bay RV Chincoteague VA N/A N/A (1) 
 Sun Retreats Gwynn's Island (2) 
 RV Gwynn VA 121 8 100.0 100.0 Sun Retreats New Point (2) 
 RV New Point VA 316 8 100.0 100.0 Sun Retreats Shenandoah Valley (2) 
 RV Stuarts Draft 
 VA 404 105 100.0 100.0 Sunset Beach RV Resort (3) 
 RV Cape Charles VA 303 N/A N/A Virginia Total 1,286 2,163 99.8 99.8 SOUTHWEST California 49'er Village RV Resort (2) 
 RV Plymouth CA 93 234 100.0 100.0 Alta Laguna MH Rancho Cucamonga CA 296 100.0 99.7 Bel Air Estates MH Menifee CA 198 88.9 N/A (4) 
 Caliente Sands MH Cathedral City CA 118 98.3 98.3 Cisco Grove Campground RV RV Emigrant Gap CA 18 100.0 100.0 El Capitan Canyon (2) 
 RV Goleta CA 163 N/A N/A Forest Springs MH Grass Valley CA 373 92.0 (1) 
 89.5 (1) 
 
 31 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Property Name MH / RV City / County (UK Only) State / Country MH and Annual RV Sites as of 12/31/2022 
 Transient RV Sites as of 12/31/2022 
 Occupancy as of 12/31/2022 
 Occupancy as of 12/31/2021 
 Friendly Village of La Habra MH La Habra CA 330 99.1 100.0 Friendly Village of Modesto MH Modesto CA 289 98.6 99.7 Friendly Village of Simi MH Simi Valley CA 222 99.5 100.0 Friendly Village of West Covina MH West Covina CA 157 98.7 100.0 Heritage MH Temecula CA 196 100.0 99.5 Indian Wells RV Resort (2) 
 RV Indio CA 173 165 100.0 100.0 Jellystone Park at Tower Park (2) 
 RV Lodi CA 359 N/A N/A Lakefront MH Lakeside CA 295 99.7 99.0 Lakeview Mobile Estates MH Yucaipa CA 297 99.7 100.0 Lazy J Ranch MH Arcata CA 220 98.6 99.1 Lemon Wood MH Ventura CA 231 100.0 100.0 Menifee Development MH Menifee CA N/A (1) 
 N/A (1) 
 Moreno 66 Development MH Moreno Valley CA N/A (1) 
 N/A (1) 
 Napa Valley MH Napa CA 257 100.0 100.0 Oak Creek MH Coarsegold CA 198 99.0 99.5 Ocean West MH McKinleyville CA 130 99.2 99.2 Palos Verdes Shores MH Golf Community MH San Pedro CA 242 100.0 99.6 Pembroke Downs MH Chino CA 163 100.0 99.4 Pismo Dunes RV Resort (2) 
 RV Pismo Beach CA 330 1 100.0 100.0 Rancho Alipaz MH San Juan Capistrano CA 132 100.0 100.0 Rancho Caballero MH Riverside CA 303 99.7 100.0 Royal Palms MH Cathedral City CA 438 98.4 97.7 Royal Palms RV Resort RV Cathedral City CA 39 100.0 100.0 Sun Outdoors Central Coast Wine Country (2) 
 RV Paso Robles CA 203 N/A N/A Sun Outdoors Paso Robles (2) 
 RV Paso Robles CA 332 N/A N/A Sun Outdoors San Diego Bay MH San Diego CA N/A N/A (1) 
 Sun Outdoors San Diego Bay RV Resort (2) 
 RV San Diego CA 246 N/A N/A (1) 
 Sun Outdoors Santa Barbara (2) 
 RV Goleta CA 103 N/A N/A Sunrise Estates MH Banning CA 181 90.6 (1) 
 N/A (4) 
 The Colony MH Oxnard CA 150 100.0 100.0 Vallecito MH Newbury Park CA 303 100.0 100.0 Victor Villa MH Victorville CA 287 99.3 99.7 Vines RV Resort (2) 
 RV Paso Robles CA 130 N/A N/A Vista del Lago MH Scotts Valley CA 202 100.0 99.0 California Total 6,861 1,936 98.6 98.3 Arizona Blue Star MH Apache Junction AZ 3 100.0 100.0 Blue Star (2) 
 RV Apache Junction AZ 138 9 100.0 100.0 Brentwood West MH Mesa AZ 350 99.7 99.7 Buena Vista MH Buckeye AZ 400 92.0 89.8 Desert Harbor MH Apache Junction AZ 205 100.0 100.0 La Casa Blanca MH Apache Junction AZ 198 99.0 100.0 Leaf Verde RV Resort (2) 
 RV Buckeye AZ 155 222 100.0 100.0 Lost Dutchman MH Apache Junction AZ 226 87.2 (1) 
 96.4 Lost Dutchman RV Resort (2) 
 RV Apache Junction AZ 1 N/A 100.0 Mountain View MH Mesa AZ 170 97.6 97.6 Palm Creek Golf MH Casa Grande AZ 506 78.7 (1) 
 71.1 (1) 
 Palm Creek Golf RV Resort (2) 
 RV Casa Grande AZ 1,081 754 100.0 100.0 Rancho Mirage MH Apache Junction AZ 312 99.7 100.0 Reserve at Fox Creek MH Bullhead City AZ 311 99.7 99.7 
 32 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Property Name MH / RV City / County (UK Only) State / Country MH and Annual RV Sites as of 12/31/2022 
 Transient RV Sites as of 12/31/2022 
 Occupancy as of 12/31/2022 
 Occupancy as of 12/31/2021 
 Spanish Trails West MH Casa Grande AZ 214 0.5 (1) 
 N/A (4) 
 Spanish Trails West RV Resort RV Casa Grande AZ N/A (1) 
 N/A (4) 
 Sun Valley MH Apache Junction AZ 268 98.1 97.8 Arizona Total 4,537 986 91.3 95.0 Colorado Cave Creek MH Evans CO 447 100.0 99.6 Eagle Crest MH Firestone CO 441 99.8 99.8 Jellystone Park at Larkspur (2) 
 RV Larkspur CO 536 N/A N/A North Point Estates MH Pueblo CO 108 95.4 99.1 Skyline MH Fort Collins CO 170 100.0 99.4 Smith Creek Crossing MH Granby CO 310 34.8 (1) 
 44.5 (1) 
 Sun Outdoors Rocky Mountains MH Granby CO 36 100.0 100.0 Sun Outdoors Rocky Mountains RV Resort (2) 
 RV Granby CO 451 N/A N/A Swan Meadow Village MH Dillon CO 174 100.0 100.0 The Foothills MH Fort Collins CO N/A N/A The Grove at Alta Ridge MH Thornton CO 409 100.0 100.0 Timber Ridge MH Ft. Collins CO 585 99.3 99.3 Willow Bend MH Fort Lupton CO 119 (1) 
 N/A Colorado Total 2,799 987 88.2 95.7 NORTHEAST Connecticut Beechwood MH Killingworth CT 297 98.3 98.7 Cedar Springs MH Southington CT 190 97.4 96.8 Forest Hill MH Southington CT 188 97.9 97.9 Grove Beach MH Westbrook CT 136 100.0 98.5 Hillcrest MH Uncasville CT 208 99.5 99.5 Lakeside MH Terryville CT 76 96.1 100.0 Lakeview CT MH Danbury CT 179 95.0 93.3 Laurel Heights MH Uncasville CT 49 89.8 95.9 Marina Cove MH Uncasville CT 25 92.0 76.0 Millwood MH Uncasville CT 45 13.3 (1) 
 4.4 (1) 
 New England Village MH Westbrook CT 60 100.0 100.0 Oak Grove MH Plainville CT 45 93.3 97.8 Rolling Hills MH Storrs CT 200 78.0 78.5 Sun Outdoors Mystic (2) 
 RV Old Mystic CT 51 98 100.0 100.0 Three Gardens MH Southington CT 135 96.3 90.4 Yankee Village MH Old Saybrook CT 23 100.0 100.0 Connecticut Total 1,907 98 93.4 92.8 Maine Augusta Village MH Augusta ME 59 94.9 91.5 Birch Hill Estates MH Bangor ME 377 96.6 98.9 Cedar Haven MH Holden ME 155 91.6 89.7 Hancock Heights Estates MH Hancock ME 113 97.3 99.1 Holiday Park Estates MH Bangor ME 218 92.7 89.0 Jellystone Park Androscoggin Lake (2) 
 RV North Monmouth ME 40 163 100.0 100.0 Maplewood Manor MH Brunswick ME 296 99.3 99.0 Merrymeeting MH Brunswick ME 43 97.7 97.7 Norway Commons MH Norway ME 231 83.1 (1) 
 N/A (4) 
 
 33 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Property Name MH / RV City / County (UK Only) State / Country MH and Annual RV Sites as of 12/31/2022 
 Transient RV Sites as of 12/31/2022 
 Occupancy as of 12/31/2022 
 Occupancy as of 12/31/2021 
 Riverside Drive Park MH Augusta ME 163 81.0 82.2 Sun Outdoors Old Orchard Beach Downtown (2) 
 RV Old Orchard Beach ME 83 238 100.0 100.0 Sun Outdoors Saco Old Orchard Beach (2) 
 RV Saco ME 191 N/A N/A Sun Outdoors Wells Beach (2) 
 RV Wells ME 231 N/A N/A Sun Retreats at Wild Acres (2) 
 RV Old Orchard Beach ME 369 261 100.0 100.0 Sun Retreats Old Orchard Beach (2) 
 RV Old Orchard Beach ME 257 24 100.0 100.0 Town Country Village MH Lisbon ME 144 97.9 98.6 Maine Total 2,548 1,108 95.1 96.5 New Hampshire Brook Ridge MH Hooksett NH 91 100.0 100.0 Crestwood MH Concord NH 320 100.0 99.4 Farmwood Village MH Dover NH 159 100.0 99.4 Glen Ellis Family Campground (2) 
 RV Glen NH 289 N/A 100.0 Hannah Village MH Lebanon NH 81 100.0 97.5 Hemlocks MH Tilton NH 103 100.0 100.0 Mi-Te-Jo Campground (2) 
 RV Milton NH 66 149 100.0 100.0 River Pines MH Nashua NH 480 100.0 99.4 Strafford / Lake Winnipesaukee South KOA (3) 
 RV Strafford NH 144 N/A N/A Westward Shores Cottages RV Resort (2) 
 RV West Ossipee NH 428 70 100.0 100.0 New Hampshire Total 1,728 652 100.0 99.5 New Jersey Cape May Crossing MH Cape May NJ 28 100.0 100.0 Deep Run MH Cream Ridge NJ 243 100.0 100.0 Hospitality Creek Campground (2) 
 RV Williamstown NJ 111 122 100.0 N/A Shady Pines MH Galloway Township NJ 39 100.0 100.0 Shady Pines RV Resort (2) 
 RV Galloway Township NJ 67 28 100.0 100.0 Sun Outdoors Cape May (3) 
 RV Cape May NJ 358 N/A N/A Sun Retreats Avalon (2) 
 RV Cape May Court House NJ 417 111 100.0 100.0 Sun Retreats Cape May Wildwood (2) 
 RV Cape May NJ 466 164 100.0 100.0 Sun Retreats Long Beach Island (2) 
 RV Barnegat NJ 183 31 100.0 100.0 Sun Retreats Pleasant Acres Farm (2) 
 RV Sussex NJ 161 131 100.0 100.0 Sun Retreats Sea Isle (2) 
 RV Clermont NJ 665 42 100.0 100.0 Sun Retreats Seashore (2) 
 RV Cape May NJ 437 238 100.0 100.0 New Jersey Total 2,817 1,225 100.0 100.0 New York Cherrywood MH Clinton NY 176 93.8 (1) 
 88.6 (1) 
 Jellystone Park at Birchwood Acres (3) 
 MH Greenfield Park NY 1 100.0 100.0 Jellystone Park at Birchwood Acres RV Resort (3) 
 RV Greenfield Park NY 122 182 100.0 100.0 Jellystone Park at Gardiner (2) 
 RV Gardiner NY 26 312 100.0 100.0 Jellystone Park of Western New York (2) 
 RV North Java NY 22 337 100.0 100.0 Kittatinny Campground RV Resort (2) 
 RV Barryville NY 326 N/A N/A Parkside Village MH Cheektowaga NY 156 100.0 100.0 Sky Harbor MH Cheektowaga NY 522 97.7 98.7 Sun Outdoors Association Island (2) 
 RV Henderson NY 24 276 100.0 100.0 Sun Retreats Adirondack Gateway (2) 
 RV Gansevoort NY 332 10 100.0 100.0 The Villas at Calla Pointe MH Cheektowaga NY 116 100.0 100.0 
 34 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Property Name MH / RV City / County (UK Only) State / Country MH and Annual RV Sites as of 12/31/2022 
 Transient RV Sites as of 12/31/2022 
 Occupancy as of 12/31/2022 
 Occupancy as of 12/31/2021 
 New York Total 1,497 1,443 98.5 98.2 OTHER Sun Outdoors Orange Beach (2) 
 RV Orange Beach AL 497 N/A N/A Fort Dupont RV Delaware City DE N/A N/A High Point Park MH Frederica DE 409 97.8 97.6 Jellystone Lincoln (2) 
 RV Delaware City DE 263 N/A N/A (4) 
 Sea Air Village MH Rehoboth Beach DE 379 99.2 98.9 Sea Air Village RV Resort (2) 
 RV Rehoboth Beach DE 124 10 100.0 100.0 Sun Outdoors Rehoboth Bay (3) 
 RV Millsboro DE 291 N/A N/A Sun Retreats Rehoboth Bay MH Millsboro DE 202 95.0 94.1 Sun Retreats Rehoboth Bay RV Resort (2) 
 RV Millsboro DE 299 2 100.0 100.0 Countryside Village of Atlanta MH Lawrenceville GA 261 99.2 100.0 Countryside Village of Gwinnett MH Buford GA 331 98.2 99.1 Countryside Village of Lake Lanier MH Buford GA 548 99.1 98.7 Wymberly MH Martinez GA 277 78.3 (1) 
 78.1 (1) 
 Autumn Ridge MH Ankeny IA 413 97.6 98.8 Jellystone Park of Chicago (2) 
 RV Millbrook IL 159 235 100.0 100.0 Maple Brook MH Matteson IL 441 99.8 99.8 Oak Ridge MH Manteno IL 426 99.8 98.1 Sun Retreats Rock River (2) 
 RV Hillsdale IL 265 233 100.0 100.0 Wildwood Community MH Sandwich IL 476 99.2 98.9 Jellystone Park at Mammoth Cave (3) 
 RV Cave City KY 330 N/A N/A Sun Outdoors New Orleans North Shore (2) 
 RV Ponchatoula LA 334 N/A N/A Sun Retreats Cape Cod (2) 
 RV East Falmouth MA 62 193 100.0 100.0 Sun Retreats Dennis Port (2) 
 RV Dennisport MA 221 39 100.0 100.0 Sun Retreats Peters Pond (2) 
 RV Sandwich MA 350 56 100.0 100.0 Hyde Park MH Easton MD 240 100.0 99.2 Jellystone Park at Maryland (2) 
 RV Williamsport MD 234 N/A N/A Southside Landing MH Cambridge MD 96 100.0 93.8 Sun Outdoors Frontier Town (3) 
 RV Berlin MD 685 N/A N/A Sun Outdoors Ocean City (2) 
 RV Berlin MD 1 392 100.0 100.0 Sun Outdoors Ocean City Gateway (3) 
 RV Whaleyville MD 215 N/A N/A Southern Hills / Northridge Place MH Stewartville MN 475 97.5 97.5 Jellystone Park at Memphis (2) 
 RV Horn Lake MS 155 N/A N/A Sun Outdoors Yellowstone North (2) 
 RV Gardiner MT 75 N/A N/A Coastal Estates MH Hampstead NC 154 82.5 (1) 
 72.1 (1) 
 Glen Laurel MH Concord NC 260 98.8 98.8 Jellystone Park at Golden Valley (2) 
 RV Bostic NC 357 N/A N/A Meadowbrook MH Charlotte NC 321 100.0 99.7 Sun Retreats Nantahala (2) 
 RV Sylva NC 61 29 100.0 100.0 Stoneridge Villas MH Gardnerville NV N/A (1) 
 N/A (4) 
 Sun Villa Estates MH Reno NV 324 99.1 100.0 Apple Creek MH Amelia OH 176 98.3 96.6 East Fork Crossing MH Batavia OH 350 100.0 99.4 Oakwood Village MH Miamisburg OH 511 98.8 99.4 Orchard Lake MH Milford OH 147 98.0 99.3 Sun Retreats Geneva on the Lake (2) 
 RV Geneva on the Lake OH 465 115 100.0 100.0 Westbrook Senior Village MH Toledo OH 112 100.0 100.0 Westbrook Village MH Toledo OH 344 94.5 98.5 Willowbrook Place MH Toledo OH 266 95.1 97.4 
 35 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Property Name MH / RV City / County (UK Only) State / Country MH and Annual RV Sites as of 12/31/2022 
 Transient RV Sites as of 12/31/2022 
 Occupancy as of 12/31/2022 
 Occupancy as of 12/31/2021 
 Woodside Terrace MH Holland OH 439 95.7 97.0 Country Village Estates MH Oregon City OR 518 100.0 100.0 Forest Meadows MH Philomath OR 129 58.1 (1) 
 100.0 Sun Outdoors Bend (2) 
 RV Bend OR 123 N/A N/A Sun Outdoors Coos Bay (2) 
 RV Coos Bay OR 86 N/A N/A Sun Outdoors Portland South (2) 
 RV Wilsonville OR 130 N/A N/A Woodland Park Estates MH Eugene OR 398 99.7 100.0 Countryside Estates MH Mckean PA 304 98.7 97.0 Jellystone Park at Quarryville (2) 
 RV Quarryville PA 256 N/A N/A Pheasant Ridge MH Lancaster PA 553 99.8 100.0 River Beach Campsites RV RV Milford PA N/A N/A (1) 
 Sun Retreats Lancaster County (2) 
 RV Narvon PA 270 152 100.0 100.0 Carolina Pines RV Resort (2) 
 RV Conway SC 164 670 100.0 100.0 Country Lakes MH Little River SC 136 100.0 100.0 Crossroads MH Aiken SC 168 92.3 (1) 
 73.2 (1) 
 Crossroads RV Resort RV Aiken SC 22 100.0 100.0 Lakeside Crossing MH Conway SC 691 94.8 (1) 
 88.4 (1) 
 Ocean Pines MH Garden City SC 579 99.8 99.8 Southern Palms MH Ladson SC 194 100.0 
 100.0 
 Bell Crossing MH Clarksville TN 237 99.6 99.2 Sun Outdoors Pigeon Forge (2) 
 RV Sevierville TN 70 238 100.0 100.0 Bear Lake Development Land RV Garden City UT N/A (1) 
 N/A (4) 
 Sun Outdoors Arches Gateway (2) 
 RV Moab UT 131 N/A N/A Sun Outdoors Canyonlands Gateway (2) 
 RV Moab UT 113 N/A N/A Sun Outdoors Garden City Utah (2) 
 RV Garden City UT 177 N/A N/A Sun Outdoors Moab Downtown (2) 
 RV Moab UT 131 N/A N/A Sun Outdoors North Moab (2) 
 RV Moab UT 190 N/A N/A Sun Outdoors Salt Lake City (2) 
 RV North Salt Lake UT 185 N/A N/A 47 North MH Cle Elum WA N/A (1) 
 N/A (1) 
 Sun Outdoors Gig Harbor (2) 
 RV Gig Harbor WA 108 N/A N/A Sun Retreats Birch Bay (2) 
 RV Blaine WA 372 300 100.0 100.0 Fond du Lac East / Kettle Moraine KOA (2) 
 RV Glenbeulah WI 241 84 100.0 100.0 Thunderhill Estates MH Sturgeon Bay WI 266 98.1 96.6 Other Total 15,697 7,814 97.9 97.7 US TOTAL / AVERAGE 125,699 27,410 96.7 97.3 CANADA Pleasant Beach Campground (2) 
 RV Sherkston ON 90 12 100.0 100.0 Sun Retreats Amherstburg (2) 
 RV Amherstburg ON 193 134 100.0 100.0 Sun Retreats Arran Lake (2) 
 RV Allenford ON 187 4 100.0 100.0 Sun Retreats Blue Mountains (2) 
 RV Clarksburg ON 94 17 100.0 100.0 Sun Retreats Cayuga (2) 
 RV Cayuga ON 253 35 100.0 100.0 Sun Retreats Flamborough RV Millgrove ON 198 100.0 100.0 Sun Retreats Georgian Bay (2) 
 RV Seguin ON 225 12 100.0 100.0 Sun Retreats Hay Bay (2) 
 RV Napanee ON 196 14 100.0 100.0 Sun Retreats Huntsville (2) 
 RV Huntsville ON 229 12 100.0 100.0 Sun Retreats Ipperwash (2) 
 RV Lambton Shores ON 141 21 100.0 100.0 Sun Retreats Penetanguishene (2) 
 RV Tiny ON 224 39 100.0 100.0 Sun Retreats Sandbanks RV Cherry Valley ON 136 100.0 100.0 Sun Retreats Sherkston Shores (2) 
 RV Sherkston ON 1,655 280 100.0 100.0 
 36 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Property Name MH / RV City / County (UK Only) State / Country MH and Annual RV Sites as of 12/31/2022 
 Transient RV Sites as of 12/31/2022 
 Occupancy as of 12/31/2022 
 Occupancy as of 12/31/2021 
 Sun Retreats Stratford (2) 
 RV Bornholm ON 213 7 100.0 100.0 Sun Retreats Turkey Point (2) 
 RV Normandale ON 210 35 100.0 100.0 Sun Retreats Willow Lake (2) 
 RV Scotland ON 367 6 100.0 100.0 CANADA TOTAL / AVERAGE 4,611 628 100.0 100.0 NORTH AMERICA TOTAL 130,310 28,038 96.8 97.4 UNITED KINGDOM England Alberta (2) 
 MH Whitstable, Kent England 327 7 93.6 N/A (4) 
 Amble Links MH Amble, Northumberland England 671 93.6 N/A (4) 
 Ashbourne Heights (2) 
 MH Ashbourne, Derbyshire England 102 135 90.2 N/A (4) 
 Beauport MH Hastings, Sussex England 819 95.1 N/A (4) 
 Birchington Vale (2) 
 MH Birchington, Kent England 488 1 96.7 N/A (4) 
 Bodmin Holiday Park (formerly Cornwall) (2) 
 MH Bodmin, Cornwall England 14 56 64.3 N/A (4) 
 Bowland Fell (2) 
 MH Skipton, Yorkshire England 273 34 83.5 N/A (4) 
 Broadland Sands (2) 
 MH Lowestoft, Suffolk England 422 196 91.0 N/A (4) 
 Carlton Meres (2) 
 MH Saxmundham, Suffolk England 380 152 79.2 N/A (4) 
 Chantry MH West Witton, Yorkshire England 149 77.9 N/A (4) 
 Chichester Lakeside (2) 
 MH Chichester, Sussex England 489 117 93.0 N/A (4) 
 Coghurst Hall (2) 
 MH Hastings, Sussex England 497 25 92.8 N/A (4) 
 Dawlish Sands MH Dawlish, Devon England 167 94.6 N/A (4) 
 Dovercourt (2) 
 MH Harwich, Essex England 511 129 92.8 N/A (4) 
 Felixstowe Beach (2) 
 MH Felixstowe, Suffolk England 304 15 95.4 N/A (4) 
 Glendale MH Wigton, Cumbria England 381 93.2 N/A (4) 
 Golden Sands (2) 
 MH Dawlish, Devon England 310 120 80.6 N/A (4) 
 Harts (2) 
 MH Isle of Sheppey, Kent England 485 148 87.6 N/A (4) 
 Hedley Wood (2) 
 MH Holsworthy, Devon England 89 152 48.3 N/A (4) 
 Henfold MH Dorking, Surrey England N/A N/A (1) 
 Hengar Manor (2) 
 MH Bodmin, Cornwall England 111 70 80.2 N/A (4) 
 Littondale (2) 
 MH Skipton, Yorkshire England 94 23 88.3 N/A (4) 
 Malvern View (2) 
 MH Stanford Bishop, Worcester England 333 16 83.8 N/A (4) 
 Marlie (2) 
 MH Romney, Kent England 376 132 91.8 N/A (4) 
 Martello Beach (2) 
 MH Clacton on Sea, Essex England 474 90 81.9 N/A (4) 
 New Beach (2) 
 MH Dymchurch, Kent England 513 88 93.0 N/A (4) 
 Newhaven (2) 
 MH Buxton, Derbyshire England 75 118 90.7 N/A (4) 
 Oaklands MH Clacton on Sea, Essex England 294 93.2 N/A (4) 
 Oyster Bay MH Truro, Cornwall England 135 87.4 N/A (4) 
 Pakefield (2) 
 MH Pakefield, Suffolk England 310 29 88.4 N/A (4) 
 Par Sands (2) 
 MH Par, Cornwall England 288 20 94.4 N/A (4) 
 Pentire (2) 
 MH Bude, Cornwall England 103 32 93.2 N/A (4) 
 Pevensey Bay (2) 
 MH Pevensey Bay, Sussex England 376 79 79.8 N/A (4) 
 Polperro (2) 
 MH Looe, Cornwall England 61 102 54.1 N/A (4) 
 Ribble Valley MH Clitheroe, Lancashire England 314 85.4 N/A (4) 
 Rye Harbour MH Rye, Sussex England 241 88.8 N/A (4) 
 
 37 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Property Name MH / RV City / County (UK Only) State / Country MH and Annual RV Sites as of 12/31/2022 
 Transient RV Sites as of 12/31/2022 
 Occupancy as of 12/31/2022 
 Occupancy as of 12/31/2021 
 Sand le Mere (2) 
 MH Hull, Yorkshire England 734 191 77.8 N/A (4) 
 Sandhills (2) 
 MH Christchurch, Dorset England 134 8 92.5 N/A (4) 
 Sandy Bay MH Canvey Island, Essex England 730 80.0 N/A (1) 
 Seaview (2) 
 MH Whitstable, Kent England 591 54 97.5 N/A (4) 
 Seawick (2) 
 MH Clacton on Sea, Essex England 585 82 90.3 N/A (4) 
 Solent Breezes (2) 
 MH Fareham, Hampshire England 239 20 87.9 N/A (4) 
 St. Osyth Beach (2) 
 MH Clacton on Sea, Essex England 476 32 96.8 N/A (4) 
 Steeple Bay (2) 
 MH Sothminster, Essex England 461 66 89.2 N/A (4) 
 Suffolk Sands (2) 
 MH Felixstowe, Suffolk England 334 13 94.6 N/A (4) 
 Tarka (2) 
 MH Barnstaple, Devon England 107 21 93.5 N/A (4) 
 Trevella (2) 
 MH Newquay, Cornwall England 179 188 91.6 N/A (4) 
 Vernon Dene MH North Ripley, Bransgore England N/A N/A (1) 
 Waterside (2) 
 MH Paignton, Devon England 196 25 91.3 N/A (4) 
 West Mersea (2) 
 MH West Mersea, Essex England 400 39 97.5 N/A (4) 
 Winchelsea Sands (2) 
 MH Winchelsea, Sussex England 287 9 82.9 N/A (4) 
 Wood Farm (2) 
 MH Charmouth, Dorset England 115 121 90.4 N/A (4) 
 Yorkshire Dales MH Leyburn, Yorkshire England 131 79.4 N/A (4) 
 England Total 16,675 2,955 89.1 N/A (4) 
 Scotland Burghead (2) 
 MH Burghead, Moray Scotland 83 15 67.5 N/A (4) 
 Lossiemouth (2) 
 MH Lossiemouth, Moray Scotland 129 3 76.0 N/A (4) 
 Silver Sands (2) 
 MH Lossiemouth, Moray Scotland 451 125 86.7 N/A (4) 
 Turnberry (2) 
 MH Girvan, Ayrshire Scotland 267 13 83.5 N/A (4) 
 Scotland Total 930 156 82.6 N/A (4) 
 Wales Brynteg (2) 
 MH Llanryg, Caernafon Wales 296 32 94.9 N/A (4) 
 Plas Coch MH Llanedwen, Anglesey Wales 326 95.1 N/A (4) 
 Wales Total 622 32 95.0 N/A (4) 
 UNITED KINGDOM TOTAL 18,227 3,143 89.0 N/A (4) 
 COMPANY TOTAL / AVERAGE 148,537 31,181 95.9 97.4 
 (1) Occupancy in these properties reflects the fact that these properties are in a lease-up phase following an expansion, redevelopment or initial construction. 
 (2) Occupancy percentage excludes transient RV sites. Percentage calculated by dividing revenue producing sites by developed sites. A revenue producing site is defined as a site that is occupied by a paying resident or reserved by a customer with annual or seasonal usage rights. A developed site is defined as an adequately sized parcel of land that has road and utility access which is zoned and licensed (if required) for use as a home site. 
 (3) We have an ownership interest in these properties, but do not maintain and operate these properties. 
 (4) No occupancy in these properties for the year ended December 31, 2021 as properties were acquired during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (5) Occupancy in these properties at December 31, 2022 reflects the redevelopment following asset impairments resulting from Hurricane Ian in October 2022. 
 (6) Occupancy in these properties at December 31, 2022 and 2021 reflects the redevelopment following asset impairments resulting from Hurricane Irma in September 2017. 
 
 38 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 The following tables set forth certain information relating to our Safe Harbor branded marinas as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Marina Property Name City State / Municipal Wet Slips and Dry Storage Spaces 
 as of 12/31/2022 
 Wet Slips and Dry Storage Spaces 
 as of 12/31/2021 
 UNITED STATES NORTHEAST Connecticut Bruce Johnsons Branford CT 664 664 Dauntless (1) 
 Essex CT 335 332 Dauntless Shipyard (1) 
 Essex CT Deep River Deep River CT 310 310 Essex Island (1) 
 Essex CT Ferry Point Old Saybrook CT 138 138 Harbor House (2) 
 Stamford CT Mystic Mystic CT 263 253 Pilots Point Westbrook CT 880 879 Stratford Stratford CT 212 210 Yacht Haven (2) 
 Stamford CT 523 513 Connecticut Total 3,325 3,299 Rhode Island Allen Harbor North Kingstown RI 135 183 Cove Haven Barrington RI 341 346 Cowesett (3) 
 Warwick RI 1,190 1,178 Greenwich Bay Warwick RI 547 545 Island Park (4) 
 Portsmouth RI Jamestown Boatyard Jamestown RI 114 132 New England Boatworks Portsmouth RI 231 229 Newport Shipyard Newport RI 75 75 Sakonnet (4) 
 Portsmouth RI 423 445 Silver Spring Wakefield RI 106 100 Wickford (5) 
 Wickford RI Wickford Cove (5) 
 Wickford RI 259 252 Rhode Island Total 3,421 3,485 New York Capri Port Washington NY 373 369 Gaines Rouses Point NY 287 272 Glen Cove Glen Cove NY 540 540 Greenport (6) 
 Greenport NY 415 414 Haverstraw West Haverstraw NY 900 921 Montauk Yacht Club (7) 
 Montauk NY 232 N/A Post Road Mamaroneck NY 50 46 Stirling (6) 
 Greenport NY Willsboro Bay Willsboro NY 221 221 New York Total 3,018 2,783 Massachusetts Edgartown Edgartown MA 117 161 Fiddler's Cove North Falmouth MA 201 229 Green Harbor Marshfield MA 203 203 Hawthorne Cove Salem MA 451 425 Marina Bay Quincy MA 700 710 Onset Bay Buzzards Bay MA 231 231 
 39 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Marina Property Name City State / Municipal Wet Slips and Dry Storage Spaces 
 as of 12/31/2022 
 Wet Slips and Dry Storage Spaces 
 as of 12/31/2021 
 Plymouth Plymouth MA 197 197 Sunset Bay Hull MA 241 241 Vineyard Haven Vineyard Haven MA 179 149 Massachusetts Total 2,520 2,546 Maryland Annapolis Annapolis MD 291 391 Bohemia Vista Chesapeake Bay MD 125 125 Carroll Island Baltimore MD 457 479 Great Oak Landing Chestertown MD 395 391 Hacks Point Chesapeake Bay MD 73 72 Narrows Point (8) 
 Grasonville MD 538 569 Oxford Oxford MD 137 135 Podickory Point Annapolis MD 312 236 Zahnisers Solomons MD 304 247 Maryland Total 2,632 2,645 New Jersey Crystal Point Point Pleasant NJ 172 284 Manasquan River Brick Township NJ 239 234 New Jersey Total 411 518 Maine Great Island Harpswell ME 137 157 Kittery Point (7) 
 Kittery ME 62 N/A Rockland Rockland ME 51 13 Maine Total 250 170 New Hampshire Wentworth by the Sea New Castle NH 221 231 New Hampshire Total 221 231 Vermont Shelburne Shipyard Shelburne VT 210 174 Vermont Total 210 174 SOUTH Georgia Aqualand Flowery Branch GA 1,570 1,625 Bahia Bleu Thunderbolt GA 258 259 Hideaway Bay Flowery Branch GA 688 635 Trade Winds Appling GA 323 314 Georgia Total 2,839 2,833 Kentucky Beaver Creek Monticello KY 284 356 Burnside Somerset KY 347 347 Grider Hill Albany KY 711 704 Jamestown Jamestown KY 736 707 Wisdom Dock Albany KY 294 291 Kentucky Total 2,372 2,405 
 40 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Marina Property Name City State / Municipal Wet Slips and Dry Storage Spaces 
 as of 12/31/2022 
 Wet Slips and Dry Storage Spaces 
 as of 12/31/2021 
 Texas Emerald Point Austin TX 591 651 Pier 121 Lewisville TX 1,082 1,082 Walden Montgomery TX 391 391 Texas Total 2,064 2,124 Arkansas Brady Mountain Royal AR 582 582 Arkansas Total 582 582 Tennessee Eagle Cove Byrdstown TN 78 78 Holly Creek Celina TN 307 306 Tennessee Total 385 384 Mississippi Aqua Yacht Iuka MS 586 587 Mississippi Total 586 587 Alabama Sportsman Orange Beach AL 723 729 Alabama Total 723 729 Oklahoma Harbors View Afton OK 162 172 Oklahoma Total 162 172 SOUTHEAST Florida Angler House Islamorada FL 23 22 Burnt Store Punta Gorda FL 765 975 Calusa Island Goodland FL 620 620 Cape Harbour Cape Coral FL 256 256 Emerald Coast Niceville FL 352 408 Harborage Yacht Club Stuart FL 311 297 Harbortown Fort Pierce FL 350 350 Islamorada Islamorada FL 258 267 Lauderdale Marine Center Fort Lauderdale FL 127 101 Marathon Marathon FL 157 153 New Port Cove Riviera Beach FL 366 362 North Palm Beach North Palm Beach FL 117 110 Old Port Cove North Palm Beach FL 211 208 Pier 77 Bradenton FL 199 199 Pineland Bokeelia FL 259 259 Port Phoenix (7)(9) 
 North Fort Myers FL N/A Regatta Pointe Palmetto FL 367 367 Riviera Beach Riviera Beach FL 20 20 Siesta Key Sarasota FL 234 198 South Fork (10) 
 Fort Lauderdale FL West Palm Beach West Palm Beach FL 62 61 Florida Total 5,054 5,233 
 41 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Marina Property Name City State / Municipal Wet Slips and Dry Storage Spaces 
 as of 12/31/2022 
 Wet Slips and Dry Storage Spaces 
 as of 12/31/2021 
 South Carolina Beaufort Beaufort SC 127 124 Bristol Charleston SC 192 249 Charleston City (11) 
 Charleston SC 450 450 City Boatyard Charleston SC 215 213 Port Royal Port Royal SC 252 252 Port Royal Landing Port Royal SC 161 161 Reserve Harbor Pawleys Island SC 233 239 Skull Creek Hilton Head SC 186 186 South Carolina Total 1,816 1,874 North Carolina Jarrett Bay Boatworks (7) 
 Beaufort NC 37 N/A Kings Point Cornelius NC 784 784 Outer Banks (7) 
 Wanchese NC 206 N/A Peninsula Yacht Club Cornelius NC 476 476 Skippers Landing Troutman NC 392 389 South Harbour Village Southport NC 144 146 Westport Denver NC 622 587 North Carolina Total 2,661 2,382 Puerto Rico Puerto del Rey Fajardo PR 1,606 1,612 Puerto Rico Total 1,606 1,612 Virginia Bluewater (7) 
 Hampton VA 200 N/A Stingray Point Deltaville VA 224 228 Virginia Total 424 228 MIDWEST Michigan Belle Maer Harrison Township MI 545 542 Detroit River Detroit MI 473 473 Grand Isle Grand Haven MI 454 450 Great Lakes Muskegon MI 466 466 Jefferson Beach St. Clair Shores MI 898 898 Toledo Beach La Salle MI 474 363 Tower Marine (7) 
 Douglas MI 483 N/A Michigan Total 3,793 3,192 Ohio Lakefront Port Clinton OH 493 477 Sandusky Sandusky OH 550 550 Ohio Total 1,043 1,027 WEST California Anacapa Isle Oxnard CA 540 450 Ballena Isle Alameda CA 414 414 Bayfront (7) 
 Chula Vista CA 622 N/A Cabrillo Isle San Diego CA 541 527 
 42 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Marina Property Name City State / Municipal Wet Slips and Dry Storage Spaces 
 as of 12/31/2022 
 Wet Slips and Dry Storage Spaces 
 as of 12/31/2021 
 Emeryville Emeryville CA 460 460 Loch Lomond San Rafael CA 529 529 Marina Bay Yacht Harbor (7) 
 Richmond CA 800 N/A Shelter Island San Diego CA 60 60 South Bay Chula Vista CA 563 413 Sunroad San Diego CA 645 643 Ventura Isle Ventura CA 531 444 California Total 5,705 3,940 COMPANY TOTAL 47,823 45,155 
 (1) Wet slips and dry storage spaces from Dauntless Shipyard and Essex Island are grouped into Dauntless. 
 (2) Wet slips and dry storage spaces from Harbor House are grouped into Yacht Haven. 
 (3) Wet slips and dry storage spaces from Apponaug Harbor are grouped into Cowesett. 
 (4) Wet slips and dry storage spaces from Island Park are grouped into Sakonnet. 
 (5) Wet slips and dry storage spaces from Wickford are grouped into Wickford Cove. 
 (6) Wet slips and dry storage spaces from Stirling are grouped into Greenport. 
 (7) Property acquired during year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (8) Wet slips and dry storage spaces from Harrison Yacht Yard are grouped into Narrows Point. 
 (9) Property acquired that is temporarily used for Hurricane Ian relief, which will become a development site for a dry storage facility. 
 (10) Property currently under development. 
 (11) Wet slips and dry storage spaces from Ashley Fuels are grouped into Charleston City. 
 43 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 Legal Proceedings Arising in the Ordinary Course of Business 
 
 We are involved in various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. All such proceedings, taken together, are not expected to have a material adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 Item 103 of Regulation S-K requires disclosure of certain environmental matters when a governmental authority is a party to the proceedings and such proceedings involve potential monetary sanctions that we reasonably believe will exceed an applied threshold not to exceed 1.0 million. Applying this threshold, there are no environmental matters to disclose for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 None. 
 44 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Market Information 
 
 Our common stock has been listed on the NYSE since December 8, 1993, and trades under the symbol "SUI." On February 16, 2023, the closing share price of our common stock was 157.88 per share on the NYSE, and there were 594 holders of record of 124,099,219 outstanding shares of common stock. 
 
 On February 16, 2023, the following OP units of the Operating Partnership were outstanding: 
 
 OP Units OP Units Issued and Outstanding Exchangeable Shares of Common Stock Aspen preferred OP units 988,819 309,388 Series A-1 preferred OP units 207,548 506,215 Series A-3 preferred OP units 40,268 74,917 Series C preferred OP units 306,013 339,674 Series D preferred OP units 488,958 391,166 Series E preferred OP units 80,000 55,172 Series F preferred OP units 90,000 56,250 Series G preferred OP units 240,710 155,297 Series H preferred OP units 581,367 354,492 Series J preferred OP units 239,000 144,848 Common OP units 2,448,083 2,448,083 Total 5,710,766 4,835,502 
 
 We have historically paid regular quarterly distributions to holders of our common stock and common OP units. In addition, we are obligated to make distributions to holders of each series of our preferred OP units. See "Structure of the Company" under Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our ability to make distributions on our common stock and preferred OP units, payments on our indebtedness and to fund planned capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. The decision to declare and pay distributions on shares of our common stock and common OP units in the future, as well as the timing, amount and composition of any such future distributions, will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors in light of conditions then existing, including our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, debt maturities, the availability of debt and equity capital, applicable REIT and legal restrictions, general overall economic conditions and other factors. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The following table reflects information about the securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of shares of common stock remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column a) Plan Category (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders 3,282,526 Total 
 3,282,526 
 
 45 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 From time to time, we may issue shares of common stock in exchange for OP units that may be tendered to the Operating Partnership for redemption in accordance with the terms and provisions of the limited partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership. Such shares are issued based on the exchange ratios and formulas described in "Structure of the Company" under Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Below is the activity of conversions for the three months and year ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 Three Months Ended Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2022 Series Conversion Rate Units / Shares Converted Common Stock Units / Shares Converted Common Stock Aspen preferred OP units Various (1) 
 25,000 8,007 25,000 8,007 Common OP units 1.0000 10,552 10,552 150,393 150,393 Series A-1 preferred OP units 2.4390 62,781 153,122 67,476 164,566 Series C preferred OP units 1.1100 150 166 Series E preferred OP units 0.6897 10,000 6,896 Series H preferred OP units 0.6098 40 24 40 24 Series I preferred OP units 0.6098 922,000 562,195 
 (1) Refer to Note 8, "Debt and Line of Credit," for additional detail on Aspen preferred OP unit conversions. 
 
 All of the securities described above were issued in private placements in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, including Regulation D promulgated thereunder. No underwriters were used in connection with any of such issuances. 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The following table summarizes our common stock repurchases during the three months ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Maximum number (or approximate dollar value) of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs Period (a) (b) (c) (d) October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 5,820 133.36 November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 935 134.27 December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 Total 6,755 133.49 
 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, we withheld 6,755 shares from employees to satisfy estimated statutory income tax obligations related to vesting of restricted stock awards. The value of the common stock withheld was based on the closing price of our common stock on the applicable vesting date. 
 
 Performance Graph 
 
 Set forth below is a line graph comparing the yearly percentage change in the cumulative total shareholder return on our common stock against the cumulative total return of a broad market index composed of all issuers listed on the NYSE and an industry index comprised of 20 publicly traded REITs, for the five year period ending on December 31, 2022. This line graph assumes a 100.00 investment on December 31, 2017, a reinvestment of distributions and actual increase of the market value of our common stock relative to an initial investment of 100.00. The comparisons in this table are required by the SEC and are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future performance of our common stock. 
 
 46 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Peer Group 
 
 We utilize peer group data for quantitative benchmarking against external market participants. We select our peer group based on a number of quantitative and qualitative factors including, but not limited to, revenues, total assets, market capitalization, industry, sub-industry, location, total shareholder return history, executive compensation components and peer decisions made by other companies. From time to time, we update our peer group based on analysis of the aforementioned factors and application of judgment. During 2022, we updated our peer group, as shown in the "SUI New Peer Group" caption in the table below. 

Year Ended Index December 31, 2017 December 31, 2018 December 31, 2019 December 31, 2020 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 Sun Communities, Inc. 100.00 112.89 170.37 176.47 248.46 173.12 Dow Jones U.S. Real Estate Residential Index 100.00 103.29 135.13 121.26 192.04 131.67 NYSE Composite Index 100.00 91.05 114.28 122.26 147.54 133.75 SUI New Peer Group (1) 
 100.00 102.10 127.52 113.19 180.97 126.17 SUI Old Peer Group (2) 
 100.00 98.84 123.70 111.67 185.81 129.67 
 (1) SUI New Peer Group includes: AvalonBay Communities, Inc., Camden Property Trust, CubeSmart, Equity Lifestyle Properties, Inc., Equity Residential, Essex Property Trust, Inc., Extra Space Storage Inc., Federal Realty Investment Trust, Invitation Homes Inc., Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc., UDR, Inc. and Ventas, Inc. 
 (2) SUI Old Peer Group includes: American Campus Communities, Inc., Apartment Investment and Management Company, AvalonBay Communities, Inc., Camden Property Trust, CubeSmart, Equity Lifestyle Properties, Inc., Essex Property Trust, Inc., Extra Space Storage Inc., Federal Realty Investment Trust, Invitation Homes Inc., Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc., The Macerich Company and UDR, Inc. 
 
 The information included under the heading "Performance Graph" is not to be treated as "soliciting material" or as "filed" with the SEC, and is not incorporated by reference into any filing by the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act that is made on, before or after the date of filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 47 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

48 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying footnotes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to the results presented in accordance with GAAP below, we have provided NOI and FFO information as supplemental performance measures. Refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this Item 7 for additional information. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 We are a fully integrated REIT. As of December 31, 2022, we owned and operated, directly or indirectly, or had an interest in, a portfolio of 669 developed properties located in the U.S., the UK, and Canada, including 353 MH communities, 182 RV communities and 134 marinas. We have been in the business of acquiring, operating, developing and expanding MH and RV communities since 1975 and marinas since 2020. We lease individual sites with utilities access for placement of manufactured homes, RVs or boats to our customers. We are also engaged in the marketing, selling and leasing of new and pre-owned homes to current and future residents in our MH communities. The Rental Program operations within our MH communities support and enhance our occupancy levels, property performance and cash flows. 
 
 49 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 
 2022 General Overview 
 
 Total revenues for 2022 increased 30.7 to 3.0 billion. 
 In April 2022, we completed our previously announced acquisition of Park Holidays, the second largest owner and operator of holiday parks in the UK, at an enterprise value of 950.0 million (or approximately 1.2 billion). At the initial acquisition date, the Park Holidays portfolio was comprised of 40 owned and two managed properties located in the UK with over 15,900 sites and 600 development sites. 
 Including Park Holidays, we acquired 69 properties, totaling over 27,000 sites, wet slips and dry storage spaces, and sites for expansion for a total purchase price of 2.2 billion. 
 Achieved Constant Currency Core FFO and Core FFO of 7.44 and 7.35 per diluted share and OP unit, respectively, representing increases of 14.3 and 12.9 compared to 2021. 
 Achieved Real property Same Property NOI growth of 5.4 for MH and RV and 7.7 for Marina over 2021. 
 Increased MH and RV Same Property occupancy by 180 basis points to 98.6 as compared to 96.8 in 2021. 
 Achieved 5-year and 10-year total shareholder return of 73.1 and 396.9 , respectively, outperforming the MSCI US REIT, Russell 1000, U.S. REIT Residential and S P 500 indexes. 
 Completed the construction of over 2,000 total sites at six ground-up developments and 11 expansion and re-development properties. 
 Settled forward sale agreements related to an underwritten registered public offering of 4,025,000 shares of our common stock and 2,726,212 shares of our common stock sold under our at-the-market offering program for aggregate net proceeds of 1.2 billion. 
 Obtained a 4.2 billion multi-currency revolving credit facility, a 110 increase from the prior credit facility. 
 Closed 850.0 million of debt transactions, including an offering of underwritten senior unsecured notes of 600.0 million for net proceeds of 592.3 million. 
 Completed a timely execution of our disaster preparedness plan that helped us successfully manage Hurricane Ian. 
 
 Property Operations 
 
 Occupancy in our MH and annual RV properties, as well as our ability to increase rental rates, directly affect revenues. Our revenue streams are predominantly derived from customers renting our sites on a long-term basis. Our Same Property communities continue to achieve revenue and occupancy increases which drive continued NOI growth. Our Same Property marinas achieved revenue increases which contributed to our NOI growth. 
 
 Year Ended Portfolio Information: December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Occupancy - Total Portfolio - MH and Annual RV blended (1) 
 95.9 97.4 97.3 Occupancy - Same Property - Adjusted MH and Annual RV blended (1)(2)(3) 
 98.6 96.8 97.5 Core FFO per share 7.35 6.51 5.09 Constant Currency Core FFO per share 7.44 6.51 5.09 Real property NOI - Total Portfolio (in millions) 
 1,167.0 1,002.6 721.3 Real property NOI - Same Property (in millions) - MH and RV (3) 
 819.7 777.5 686.6 Real property NOI - Same Property (in millions) - Marina (3) 
 162.0 150.5 N/A Homes sales volume (excluding UK home sales) 3,212 4,088 2,866 UK home sales 2,177 N/A N/A 
 (1) Occupancy percent includes annual RV sites and excludes transient RV sites. 
 (2) Occupancy percent excludes recently completed but vacant expansion sites. 
 (3) Same Property is based on the as reported year end Same Property count for each respective year. 
 
 50 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Acquisition Activity 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we acquired 61 MH and RV communities and eight marinas, with 24,347 sites, wet slips and dry storage spaces and 2,655 development sites. Refer to Note 3, "Real Estate Acquisitions and Dispositions," for details of our acquisition activities. 
 Disposition Activity 
 
 Management continually evaluates properties within the portfolio for potential disposition opportunities. When a given property no longer fits our desired growth profile, we seek to redeploy capital to properties and geographies fit to provide greater future returns. From time to time, strategic reductions to the portfolio are necessary to reduce exposure to less desirable locations and support long-term positioning of the Company. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold an RV community containing 514 sites located in California for 15.0 million and two MH communities and one community containing MH and RV sites, each located in Florida, with a total of 323 sites for 29.5 million. Refer to Note 3, "Real Estate Acquisitions and Dispositions," for details on the disposition activities. 
 
 Development and Expansion Activities 
 
 We have been focused on property ground-up developments and expansion opportunities adjacent to our existing properties. 
 
 Ground-up Developments - During the year ended December 31, 2022, we delivered over 840 total sites at six ground-up development properties located in Arizona, Texas, North Carolina and Colorado. We have developed nearly 2,900 sites within the past three years. 
 
 Expansions - During the year ended December 31, 2022, we expanded nearly 1,160 total sites at 11 properties. We have developed over 2,050 sites within the past three years. 
 
 We continue to expand our properties utilizing our inventory of owned and entitled land. We have 16,195 MH and RV sites suitable for future development. 
 
 Markets 
 
 Our MH and RV properties are largely concentrated in the U.S. in Florida, Michigan, Texas and California, and in the UK, which collectively contain 66.2 of our total MH and RV sites. We have expanded our market share in multiple states through recent acquisitions and increased our property holdings in high-growth areas of the U.S. including retirement and vacation destinations. 
 
 We have also experienced strong revenue growth through recent acquisitions of RV communities. The age demographic of RV communities is attractive, as the population of retirement age adults in the U.S. is growing. RV communities have become a trending vacation opportunity not only for the retiree population, but as an affordable vacation alternative for families and millennials. 
 
 51 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 The following table identifies our MH and RV markets by total sites: 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Major Market Number of Properties Total Sites of Total Sites Number of Properties Total Sites of Total Sites Florida 129 44,278 24.6 132 46,733 29.4 Michigan 84 33,220 18.5 84 33,126 20.8 Texas 31 11,344 6.3 30 10,768 6.8 California 37 8,797 4.9 36 8,934 5.6 Arizona 13 5,523 3.1 12 5,308 3.3 Ontario, Canada 16 5,239 2.9 16 5,237 3.3 Indiana 12 4,178 2.3 12 4,176 2.6 New Jersey 11 4,042 2.2 11 3,990 2.5 Colorado 11 3,786 2.1 10 3,539 2.2 Virginia 10 3,449 1.9 10 3,435 2.2 Maine 16 3,656 2.0 15 3,431 2.2 New York 10 2,940 1.6 10 3,141 2.0 Ohio 9 2,925 1.6 9 2,925 1.8 South Carolina 6 2,624 1.5 6 2,624 1.7 New Hampshire 10 2,380 1.3 10 2,398 1.5 Illinois 5 2,235 1.2 5 2,235 1.4 Connecticut 16 2,005 1.1 16 2,005 1.3 Maryland 6 1,863 1.0 6 1,852 1.2 Delaware 5 1,979 1.1 4 1,716 1.1 Pennsylvania 5 1,535 0.9 5 1,536 1.0 Georgia 4 1,417 0.8 4 1,414 0.9 Oregon 6 1,384 0.8 6 1,330 0.8 North Carolina 5 1,182 0.7 5 1,123 0.7 Massachusetts 3 921 0.5 3 927 0.6 Utah 6 927 0.5 6 927 0.6 Washington 2 780 0.4 2 784 0.5 Wisconsin 2 591 0.3 2 591 0.4 Tennessee 2 545 0.3 2 545 0.3 Minnesota 1 475 0.3 1 475 0.3 Iowa 1 413 0.2 1 413 0.3 Louisiana 1 334 0.2 1 334 0.2 Nevada 1 324 0.2 1 324 0.2 Kentucky 1 330 0.2 1 315 0.2 Alabama 1 497 0.3 1 167 0.1 Mississippi 1 155 0.1 1 155 0.1 Montana 1 75 1 75 North American Total 480 158,348 88.1 477 159,008 100.0 United Kingdom 55 21,370 11.9 N/A N/A N/A Total 535 179,718 100.0 477 159,008 100.0 
 
 52 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 The following table identifies our marina markets by total wet slips and dry storage spaces: 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Major Market Number of Properties Wet Slips Dry Storage Spaces 
 Total Wet Slips / Dry Storage Spaces 
 Wet Slips / Dry Storage Spaces 
 Number of Properties Wet Slips Dry Storage Spaces 
 Total Wet Slips / Dry Storage Spaces 
 Wet Slips / Dry Storage Spaces 
 Florida 21 2,551 2,503 5,054 10.6 20 2,701 2,532 5,233 11.6 California 11 5,360 345 5,705 11.9 9 3,884 56 3,940 8.7 Rhode Island 12 3,291 130 3,421 7.2 12 3,308 177 3,485 7.7 Connecticut 11 3,325 3,325 7.0 11 3,299 3,299 7.3 Michigan 7 3,120 673 3,793 7.9 6 2,637 555 3,192 7.1 Georgia 4 2,593 246 2,839 5.9 4 2,587 246 2,833 6.3 New York 9 3,018 3,018 6.3 8 2,783 2,783 6.2 Maryland 9 2,071 561 2,632 5.5 9 2,156 489 2,645 5.9 Massachusetts 9 2,070 450 2,520 5.3 9 2,045 501 2,546 5.6 Kentucky 5 2,332 40 2,372 5.0 5 2,365 40 2,405 5.3 North Carolina 7 1,169 1,492 2,661 5.6 5 1,081 1,301 2,382 5.3 Texas 3 1,841 223 2,064 4.3 3 1,841 283 2,124 4.6 South Carolina 8 1,206 610 1,816 3.8 8 1,261 613 1,874 4.1 Puerto Rico 1 981 625 1,606 3.4 1 987 625 1,612 3.6 Ohio 2 888 155 1,043 2.2 2 888 139 1,027 2.3 Alabama 1 81 642 723 1.5 1 81 648 729 1.6 Mississippi 1 451 135 586 1.2 1 453 134 587 1.3 Arkansas 1 582 582 1.2 1 582 582 1.3 New Jersey 2 376 35 411 0.9 2 488 30 518 1.1 Tennessee 2 385 385 0.8 2 384 384 0.9 New Hampshire 1 221 221 0.5 1 231 231 0.5 Virginia 2 424 424 0.9 1 228 228 0.5 Vermont 1 127 83 210 0.4 1 102 72 174 0.4 Oklahoma 1 162 162 0.3 1 172 172 0.4 Maine 3 240 10 250 0.5 2 170 170 0.4 134 38,865 8,958 47,823 125 36,714 8,441 45,155 
 
 53 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 In addition to the results reported in accordance with GAAP in our "Results of Operations" below, we have provided information regarding net operating income ("NOI") and funds from operations ("FFO") as supplemental performance measures. We believe NOI and FFO are appropriate measures given their wide use by and relevance to investors and analysts following the real estate industry. NOI provides a measure of rental operations and does not factor in depreciation, amortization and non-property specific expenses such as general and administrative expenses. FFO, reflecting the assumption that real estate values rise or fall with market conditions, principally adjusts for the effects of GAAP depreciation / amortization of real estate assets. In addition, NOI and FFO are commonly used in various ratios, pricing multiples / yields and returns and valuation calculations used to measure financial position, performance and value. 
 
 NOI 
 
 NOI is derived from operating revenues minus property operating expenses and real estate taxes. NOI is a non-GAAP financial measure that we believe is helpful to investors as a supplemental measure of operating performance because it is an indicator of the return on property investment and provides a method of comparing property performance over time. We use NOI as a key measure when evaluating performance and growth of particular properties and / or groups of properties. The principal limitation of NOI is that it excludes depreciation, amortization, interest expense and non-property specific expenses such as general and administrative expenses, all of which are significant costs. Therefore, NOI is a measure of the operating performance of our properties rather than of the Company overall. In addition, we calculate Constant Currency NOI for our UK Operations by translating the operating results from the UK at the foreign currency exchange rate used for guidance. We believe that NOI and Constant Currency NOI provide enhanced comparability for investor evaluation of properties performance and growth over time. 
 
 We believe that GAAP net income (loss) is the most directly comparable measure to NOI. NOI should not be considered to be an alternative to GAAP net income (loss) as an indication of our financial performance or GAAP cash flow from operating activities as a measure of our liquidity; nor is it indicative of funds available for our cash needs, including our ability to make cash distributions. Because of the inclusion of items such as interest, depreciation and amortization, the use of GAAP net income (loss) as a performance measure is limited as these items may not accurately reflect the actual change in market value of a property, in the case of depreciation and in the case of interest, may not necessarily be linked to the operating performance of a real estate asset, as it is often incurred at a parent company level and not at a property level. 
 
 Same Property NOI - A management tool used when evaluating performance and growth of our properties is a comparison of the Same Property portfolio. We define same properties as those we have owned and operated continuously since January 1, 2021. Same properties exclude ground-up development properties, acquired properties and properties sold after December 31, 2020. We believe that same property NOI is helpful to investors as a supplemental comparative performance measure of the income generated from the Same Property portfolio from one period to the next. The Same Property data may change from time-to-time depending on acquisitions, dispositions, management discretion, significant transactions or unique situations. Same Property NOI does not include the revenues and expenses related to home sales, service, retail, dining and entertainment activities at the properties. 
 
 FFO 
 
 FFO is defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts ("NAREIT") as GAAP net income (loss), excluding gains (or losses) from sales of depreciable operating property, plus real estate related depreciation and amortization, real estate related impairments, and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. FFO is a non-GAAP financial measure that management believes is a useful supplemental measure of our operating performance. By excluding gains and losses related to sales of previously depreciated operating real estate assets, real estate related impairment and real estate asset depreciation and amortization (which can vary among owners of identical assets in similar condition based on historical cost accounting and useful life estimates), FFO provides a performance measure that, when compared period-over-period, reflects the impact to operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, and operating costs, providing perspective not readily apparent from GAAP net income (loss). Management believes the use of FFO has been beneficial in improving the understanding of operating results of REITs among the investing public and making comparisons of REIT operating results more meaningful. We also use FFO excluding certain gain and loss items that management considers unrelated to the operational and financial performance of our core business ("Core FFO"). In addition, we calculate Constant Currency Core FFO by translating the operating results from the UK, Canada and Australia at the foreign currency exchange rates used for guidance. We believe that Core FFO and Constant Currency Core FFO provide enhanced comparability for investor evaluations of period-over-period results. 
 
 54 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 We believe that GAAP net income (loss) is the most directly comparable measure to FFO. The principal limitation of FFO is that it does not replace GAAP net income (loss) as a financial performance measure or GAAP cash flow from operating activities as a measure of our liquidity. Because FFO excludes significant economic components of GAAP net income (loss) including depreciation and amortization, FFO should be used as a supplement to GAAP net income (loss) and not as an alternative to it. Furthermore, FFO is not intended as a measure of a REIT's ability to meet debt principal repayments and other cash requirements, nor as a measure of working capital. FFO is calculated in accordance with our interpretation of standards established by Nareit, which may not be comparable to FFO reported by other REITs that interpret the Nareit definition differently. 
 
 55 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Summary Statements of Operations 
 
 The following tables reconcile the Net income attributable to Sun Communities, Inc. common shareholders to NOI and summarize our consolidated financial results for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in millions): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Net income attributable to SUI common shareholders 242.0 380.2 131.6 Interest income (35.2) (12.2) (10.1) Brokerage commissions and other revenues, net (34.9) (30.2) (17.2) General and administrative 256.8 181.3 109.5 Catastrophic event-related charges, net 17.5 2.2 0.9 Business combinations 24.7 1.4 23.0 Depreciation and amortization 604.8 522.7 376.9 Loss on extinguishment of debt (see Note 8) 
 4.4 8.1 5.2 Interest expense 229.8 158.6 129.1 Interest on mandatorily redeemable preferred OP units / equity 4.2 4.2 4.2 (Gain) / loss on remeasurement of marketable securities (see Note 14) 
 53.4 (33.5) (6.1) (Gain) / loss on foreign currency exchanges (5.4) 3.7 (7.7) Gain on disposition of properties (12.2) (108.1) (5.6) Other expense, net 2.1 12.1 5.2 (Gain) / loss on remeasurement of notes receivable (see Note 4) 
 0.8 (0.7) 3.3 Income from nonconsolidated affiliates (see Note 6) 
 (2.9) (4.0) (1.7) Loss on remeasurement of investment in nonconsolidated affiliates (see Note 6) 
 2.7 0.2 1.6 Current tax expense (see Note 12) 
 10.3 1.2 0.8 Deferred tax expense / (benefit) (see Note 12) 
 (4.2) 0.1 (1.6) Preferred return to preferred OP units / equity interests 11.0 12.1 6.9 Add: Income attributable to noncontrolling interests 10.8 21.5 8.9 NOI 1,380.5 1,120.9 757.1 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Real property NOI 1,167.0 1,002.6 721.3 Home sales NOI 154.6 74.4 28.6 Service, retail, dining and entertainment NOI 58.9 43.9 7.2 NOI 1,380.5 1,120.9 757.1 
 
 56 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Seasonality of Revenue 
 
 The RV and marina industries are seasonal in nature, and the results of operations in any one period may not be indicative of results in future periods. 
 
 In the RV segment, certain properties maintain higher occupancy during the summer months, while other properties maintain higher occupancy during the winter months. Based on the location of our properties with transient RV sites, our portfolio generally produces higher revenues between April and September than between October and March. Real property - transient revenue is included in RV segment revenue. The following table presents the seasonality of real property-transient revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 
 Real property - transient revenue (in millions) For the Three Months Ended Year March 31 June 30 September 30 December 31 Total 2022 335.0 12.7 27.8 45.8 13.7 100.0 2021 266.6 11.9 27.3 44.9 15.9 100.0 2020 134.7 18.8 15.6 44.9 20.7 100.0 
 
 In the marina market, demand for wet slip storage increases during the summer months as customers contract for the summer boating season, which also drives non-storage revenue streams such as service, fuel and on-premises restaurants or convenience stores. Demand for dry storage increases during the winter season as seasonal weather patterns require boat owners to store their vessels on dry docks and within covered racks. The following table presents the seasonality of Marina real property revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 
 Seasonal real property revenue 
 (in millions) 
 For the Three Months Ended Year March 31 June 30 September 30 December 31 Total 2022 310.2 20.1 25.6 29.0 25.3 100.0 2021 246.6 17.7 25.0 29.9 27.4 100.0 2020 24.4 N/A N/A N/A 100.0 100.0 
 
 In 2020, Seasonal real property revenue was recognized 100 in the fourth quarter, given that the Safe Harbor acquisition closed during the fourth quarter. 
 
 57 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Real Property Operations - Total Portfolio 
 
 The following tables reflect certain financial and other information for our Total Portfolio as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in millions, except for statistical information): 
 
 Year Ended Financial Information December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 
 Change Change Revenue Real property (excluding transient and other) 1,356.3 1,165.0 191.3 16.4 Real property - transient 353.4 281.4 72.0 25.6 Other 192.5 151.8 40.7 26.8 Total Operating 1,902.2 1,598.2 304.0 19.0 Expense Property Operating 735.2 595.6 139.6 23.4 Real Property NOI 1,167.0 1,002.6 164.4 16.4 
 
 As of Other Information December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change Number of properties (1) 
 669 602 67 MH occupancy 94.8 RV occupancy (2) 
 100.0 MH RV blended occupancy (3) 
 95.9 97.4 (1.5) Sites available for MH RV development 16,195 10,672 5,523 Monthly base rent per site - MH 630 603 (5) 
 27 Monthly base rent per site - RV (4) 
 544 523 (5) 
 21 Monthly base rent per site - Total 609 584 (5) 
 25 Weighted average monthly rental rate - MH Rental Program 1,221 1,112 109 
 (1) Includes MH and RV communities and marinas. 
 (2) Occupancy percentages include annual RV sites and exclude transient RV sites. 
 (3) Occupancy percentages include MH and annual RV sites, and exclude transient RV sites. 
 (4) Monthly base rent pertains to annual RV sites and excludes transient RV sites. 
 (5) Canadian currency figures included within the year ended December 31, 2021 have been translated at 2022 average exchange rates, respectively. 
 
 The 164.4 million increase in Real Property NOI as compared to the same period in 2021, consists of 42.2 million from Same Property MH and RV, 11.5 million from Same Property Marina, 51.0 million from the UK operations and 59.7 million from other recently acquired or developed properties in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021. 
 
 58 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Real Property Operations - Same Property Portfolio 
 
 A key management tool used when evaluating performance and growth of our properties is a comparison of the Same Property portfolio. Same Property refers to properties that we have owned for at least the preceding year, exclusive of properties recently completed or under construction, and other properties as determined by management. The Same Property data may change from time-to-time depending on acquisitions, dispositions, management discretion, significant transactions or unique situations. 
 
 In order to evaluate the growth of the Same Property portfolio, management has classified certain items differently than our GAAP statements. The reclassification difference between our GAAP statements and our Same Property portfolio is the reclassification of utility revenues from real property revenue to operating expenses. A significant portion of our utility charges are re-billed to our residents. Additionally, for the MH and RV, the amounts in the tables below reflect constant currency for comparative purposes. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Canadian currency figures included within the year ended December 31, 2021 have been translated at 2022 average exchange rates. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, Canadian currency figures included within the year ended December 31, 2020 have been translated at 2021 average exchange rates. 
 
 59 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Real Property Operations - Same Property - MH and RV United States and Canada 
 
 The following tables reflect certain financial and other information for our Same Property MH and RV portfolio as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (in millions, except for statistical information). 
 
 Total Same Property MH RV Year Ended Year Ended Year Ended Financial Information December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change Change (1) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change Change (1) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change Change (1) 
 Revenue Real property (excluding transient and other) 929.3 873.0 56.3 6.4 739.9 707.4 32.5 4.6 189.4 165.6 23.8 14.4 Real property - transient 245.0 237.5 7.5 3.1 1.2 1.5 (0.3) (14.8) 243.8 236.1 7.7 3.3 Other 43.5 41.9 1.6 3.9 19.8 19.0 0.8 3.7 23.7 22.8 0.9 4.0 Total Operating 1,217.8 1,152.4 65.4 5.7 760.9 727.9 33.0 4.5 456.9 424.5 32.4 7.6 Expense Property Operating 398.1 374.9 23.2 6.2 202.7 187.5 15.2 8.1 195.4 187.4 8.0 4.2 Real Property NOI 819.7 777.5 42.2 5.4 558.2 540.4 17.8 3.3 261.5 237.1 24.4 10.3 
 (1) Percentages are calculated based on unrounded numbers. 
 
 Total Same Property MH RV Year Ended Year Ended Year Ended Financial Information December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Change Change (1) 
 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Change Change (1) 
 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Change Change (1) 
 Revenue Real property (excluding transient and other) 875.3 824.7 50.6 6.1 693.4 663.6 29.8 4.5 182.0 161.1 20.9 13.0 Real property - transient 194.8 144.1 50.7 35.2 1.4 1.7 (0.3) (15.2) 193.3 142.4 50.9 35.8 Other 39.0 23.4 15.6 67.0 19.3 10.3 9.0 87.1 19.7 13.0 6.7 51.1 Total Operating 1,109.1 992.2 116.9 11.8 714.1 675.6 38.5 5.7 395.0 316.5 78.5 24.8 Expense Property Operating 345.7 305.6 40.1 13.1 182.8 169.1 13.7 8.1 163.0 136.5 26.5 19.4 Real Property NOI 763.4 686.6 76.8 11.2 531.3 506.5 24.8 4.9 232.0 180.0 52.0 28.9 
 (1) Percentages are calculated based on unrounded numbers. 
 60 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 As of As of Other Information December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Change Number of properties (1) 
 421 421 403 403 MH occupancy 97.1 97.6 RV occupancy (2) 
 100.0 100.0 MH RV blended occupancy (3) 
 97.8 98.2 Adjusted MH occupancy (4) 
 98.2 98.6 Adjusted RV occupancy (5) 
 100.0 100.0 Adjusted MH RV blended occupancy (6) 
 98.6 96.8 (7) 
 1.8 98.9 97.5 (7) 
 1.4 Sites available for development 7,092 7,670 (578) 6,866 7,332 (466) Monthly base rent per site - MH 635 607 (9) 
 28 611 591 (9) 
 20 Monthly base rent per site - RV (8) 
 555 516 (9) 
 39 537 512 (9) 
 25 Monthly base rent per site - Total 617 587 (9) 
 30 593 573 (9) 
 20 Monthly base rent per site - MH Rental Program 1,225 1,117 108 
 (1) Financial results from properties disposed of during the year have been removed from Same Property reporting. 
 (2) Occupancy percentages include annual RV sites and exclude transient RV sites. 
 (3) Occupancy percentages include MH and annual RV sites, and exclude transient RV sites. 
 (4) Adjusted occupancy percentages include MH sites and exclude recently completed but vacant MH expansion sites. 
 (5) Adjusted occupancy percentages include annual RV sites, and exclude transient RV sites. 
 (6) Adjusted occupancy percentages include MH and annual RV sites, and exclude transient RV sites and recently completed but vacant expansion sites. 
 (7) The occupancy percentages for 2021 of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and 2020 of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 have been adjusted to reflect incremental growth period-over-period from newly rented MH expansion sites and the conversion of transient RV sites to annual RV sites. 
 (8) Monthly base rent pertains to annual RV sites and excludes transient RV sites. 
 (9) Canadian currency figures included within the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 have been translated at 2022 and 2021 average exchange rates, respectively. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 The Same Property data includes all properties that we have owned and operated continuously since January 1, 2021 exclusive of ground-up development and redevelopment properties recently completed or under construction, and other properties as determined by management. We have reclassified utilities revenues of 79.0 million and 71.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to reflect the utility expenses associated with our Same Property net of recovery. 
 
 The MH segment's increase in NOI of 17.8 million, or 3.3 , when compared to the same period in 2021 is primarily due to an increase in Real property (excluding transient and other) revenue of 32.5 million, or 4.6 partially offset by increased property operating expenses. Real property (excluding transient and other) revenue increased primarily due to a 4.6 increase in monthly base rent. 
 
 The RV segment's increase in NOI of 24.4 million, or 10.3 , when compared to the same period in 2021 is primarily due to an increase in Real property (excluding transient and other) revenue of 23.8 million, or 14.4 , primarily due to 7.6 increase in monthly base rent. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020: 
 
 The Same Property data includes all properties that we owned and operated continuously since January 1, 2020, exclusive of ground-up development and redevelopment properties recently completed or under construction, and other properties as determined by management. We have reclassified utilities revenues of 69.0 million and 63.1 million rebilled to residents and owners for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, to reflect the utility expenses associated with our Same Property net of recovery. 
 
 61 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 The MH segment's increase in NOI of 24.8 million, or 4.9 , when compared to the same period in 2020 is primarily due to an increase in Real property (excluding transient and other) revenue of 29.8 million, or 4.5 . Real property (excluding transient and other) revenue increased due to a 3.4 increase in monthly base rent per MH site and a 1.4 increase in occupancy. 
 
 The RV segment's increase in NOI of 52.0 million, or 28.9 , when compared to the same period in 2020 is primarily due to an increase in Real property - transient revenue of 50.9 million, or 35.8 , due to increased transient and vacation rental stays at our resorts. The results of the comparative 2020 period were impacted by the required closure, or delayed opening, of over 40 of our RV resorts due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Real Property Operations - Same Property - Marina 
 
 The following tables reflect certain financial and other information for our Same Property Marina portfolio as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in millions, except for statistical information). 
 
 Year Ended Financial Information December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change Change (1) 
 Revenue Real property (excluding transient and other) 221.4 205.6 15.8 7.7 Real property - transient 12.4 13.0 (0.6) (5.1) Other 12.3 11.4 0.9 8.7 Total Operating 246.1 230.0 16.1 7.0 Expense Property Operating 84.1 79.5 4.6 5.8 Real Property NOI 162.0 150.5 11.5 7.7 
 (1) Percentages are calculated based on unrounded numbers. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change Change Other Information Number of properties 101 101 Wet slip and dry storage spaces 35,546 35,744 (198) (0.6) 
 
 The Same Property data includes all marinas that we have owned and operated continuously since January 1, 2021 exclusive of certain properties as determined by management. We have reclassified utility revenues of 11.4 million and 11.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to reflect the utility expenses associated with our Same Property Marina portfolio net of recovery. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the 11.5 million, or 7.7 , increase in Marina Real Property NOI is primarily due to the 15.8 million, or 7.7 , increase in Real property (excluding transient and other) revenue, partially offset by increased property operating expenses. 
 62 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 UK Operations Summary 
 
 The following table reflects certain financial and other information for our UK operations as of and for the period from date of acquisition to December 31, 2022 (in millions, except for statistical information): 
 
 YTD Since Acquisition 
 December 31, 2022 
 Financial Information Revenues Real property (excluding transient and other) 60.0 Real property - transient 38.5 Other 1.2 Total Operating 99.7 Expenses Property Operating 48.7 Real Property NOI 51.0 Home Sales Revenue 190.4 Cost of home sales 102.4 Home selling expenses 5.5 NOI 82.5 Retail, dining and entertainment Revenue 32.8 Expense 38.0 Net Operating Loss (5.2) UK Operations NOI 128.3 Adjustment Foreign currency translation impact 15.6 UK Operations NOI - Constant Currency 
 143.9 Other information Number of properties 55 Developed sites 18,227 Occupied sites 16,223 Occupancy 89.0 Transient sites 3,143 Sites available for development 1,888 Home Sales New home sales volume 1,158 Pre-owned home sales volume 1,019 Total home sales volume 2,177 
 
 UK Operations NOI, a component of our MH segment, is separately reviewed to assess the overall growth and performance of the UK Operations portfolio and its financial impact on our operations. 
 
 We have reclassified utility revenue of 8.9 million for the period from date of acquisition through December 31, 2022, to reflect the utility expenses associated with our UK Operations portfolio net of recovery. 
 63 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Home Sales Summary (excluding UK home sales) 
 
 We purchase new homes and acquire pre-owned and repossessed manufactured homes, generally located within our communities, from lenders, dealers and former residents to lease or sell to current and prospective residents. 
 
 The following table reflects certain financial and statistical information for our Home Sales Program for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in millions, except for average selling prices and other information): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change Change Financial Information New homes New home sales 126.0 114.9 11.1 9.7 New home cost of sales 103.3 94.1 9.2 9.8 Gross profit new homes 22.7 20.8 1.9 9.1 Gross margin new homes 18.0 18.1 (0.1) Average selling price new homes 179,232 156,902 22,330 14.2 Pre-owned homes Pre-owned home sales 149.4 165.3 (15.9) (9.6) Pre-owned home cost of sales 81.6 93.0 (11.4) (12.3) Gross profit pre-owned homes 67.8 72.3 (4.5) (6.2) Gross margin pre-owned homes 45.4 43.7 1.7 Average selling price pre-owned homes 59,546 49,255 10,291 20.9 Total home sales Revenue from home sales 275.4 280.2 (4.8) (1.7) Cost of home sales 184.9 187.1 (2.2) (1.2) Home selling expenses 18.4 18.7 (0.3) (1.6) Home Sales NOI 72.1 74.4 (2.3) (3.1) Other Information New home sales volume 703 732 (29) (4.0) Pre-owned home sales volume 2,509 3,356 (847) (25.2) Total home sales volume 3,212 4,088 (876) (21.4) 
 
 Gross Profit - New Homes 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the 1.9 million, or 9.1 , increase in gross profit is primarily the result of a 14.2 increase in new home average selling price, partially offset by a 4.0 decrease in new home sales volume, as compared to the same period in 2021. 
 
 Gross Profit - Pre-owned Homes 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the 4.5 million, or 6.2 , decrease in gross profit is driven by a 25.2 decrease in pre-owned home sales volume, partially offset by a 20.9 increase in the pre-owned home average selling price, as compared to the same period in 2021. 
 
 Refer to the UK Operations summary above for financial information related to our home sales in the UK. 
 64 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Rental Program Summary 
 
 The following table reflects certain financial and other information for our Rental Program for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in millions, except for other information): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change Change Financial Information Revenues 127.6 138.1 (10.5) (7.6) Expenses 23.9 19.7 4.2 21.3 Rental Program NOI 103.7 118.4 (14.7) (12.4) Other Information Number of sold rental homes 640 1,071 (431) (40.2) Number of occupied rentals, end of period 9,334 9,870 (536) (5.4) Investment in occupied rental homes, end of period 572.3 556.3 16.0 2.9 Weighted average monthly rental rate, end of period 1,221 1,112 109 9.8 
 
 The Rental Program NOI is included in Real Property NOI. The Rental Program NOI is separately reviewed to assess the overall growth and performance of the Rental Program and its financial impact on our operations. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, Rental Program NOI decreased 14.7 million, or 12.4 as compared to the same period in 2021. The decrease is primarily due to a 10.5 million, or 7.6 , decrease in revenue, driven by a 5.4 decrease in the number of occupied rental homes and a 21.3 increase in expenses as compared to the same period in 2021. 
 
 65 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Marina Segment Summary 
 
 The following table reflects certain financial and other information for our marinas for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in millions, except for other information): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 
 Change Change Financial Information Revenues Real property (excluding transient and other) 321.8 251.0 70.8 28.2 Real property - transient 18.9 14.8 4.1 27.7 Other 23.8 12.4 11.4 91.9 Total Operating 364.5 278.2 86.3 31.0 Expenses Property Operating 
 121.4 95.6 25.8 27.0 Real Property NOI 243.1 182.6 60.5 33.1 Service, retail, dining and entertainment Revenue 402.3 270.8 131.5 48.6 Expense 356.9 241.1 115.8 48.0 NOI 45.4 29.7 15.7 52.9 Marina NOI 288.5 212.3 76.2 35.9 Other Information Number of properties 134 125 9 7.2 Total wet slips and dry storage 47,823 45,155 2,668 5.9 
 
 The Marina NOI is separately reviewed to assess the overall growth and performance of the Marina segment and its financial impact on our results of operations. 
 
 We have reclassified utility revenues of 20.2 million and 15.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to reflect the utility expenses associated with our Marina portfolio net of recovery. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 The 76.2 million, or 35.9 increase in Marina NOI is due to a 60.5 million, or 33.1 , increase in Marina Real Property NOI and a 15.7 million, or 52.9 increase, in Service, Retail, Dining and Entertainment NOI. 
 The 60.5 million, or 33.1 , increase in Marina Real Property NOI is due primarily to an increase in the number of owned Marina properties compared to the same period in 2021. 
 The 15.7 million, or 52.9 , increase in Service, Retail, Dining and Entertainment NOI is due primarily to increased service rates at our marinas and the addition of service revenue from the acquisition of additional marinas as compared to the same period in 2021. 
 66 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Other Items - Statements of Operations (1) 
 
 The following table summarizes other income and expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (amounts in millions): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change Change Service, retail, dining and entertainment, net 58.9 43.9 15.0 34.2 Interest income 35.2 12.2 23.0 188.5 Brokerage commissions and other, net 34.9 30.2 4.7 15.6 General and administrative expense 256.8 181.3 75.5 41.6 Catastrophic event-related charges, net 17.5 2.2 15.3 695.5 Business combinations 24.7 1.4 23.3 N/M Depreciation and amortization 604.8 522.7 82.1 15.7 Loss on extinguishment of debt (see Note 8) 
 4.4 8.1 (3.7) (45.7) Interest expense 229.8 158.6 71.2 44.9 Interest on mandatorily redeemable preferred OP units / equity 4.2 4.2 Gain / (loss) on remeasurement of marketable securities (see Note 14) 
 (53.4) 33.5 (86.9) N/M Gain / (loss) on foreign currency exchanges 5.4 (3.7) 9.1 N/M Gain on dispositions of properties 12.2 108.1 (95.9) (88.7) Other expense, net (2.1) (12.1) 10.0 (82.6) Gain / (loss) on remeasurement of notes receivable (see Note 4) 
 (0.8) 0.7 (1.5) N/M Income from nonconsolidated affiliates (see Note 6) 
 2.9 4.0 (1.1) (27.5) Loss on remeasurement of investment in nonconsolidated affiliates (see Note 6) 
 (2.7) (0.2) (2.5) N/M Current tax expense (see Note 12) 
 (10.3) (1.2) (9.1) 758.3 Deferred tax benefit / (expense) (see Note 12) 
 4.2 (0.1) 4.3 N/M Preferred return to preferred OP units / equity interests 11.0 12.1 (1.1) (9.1) Income attributable to noncontrolling interests 10.8 21.5 (10.7) (49.8) 
 (1) Only items determined by management to be material, of interest, or unique to the periods disclosed above are explained below. 
 N/M = Percentage change is not meaningful. 
 
 Service, retail, dining and entertainment, net - for the year ended December 31, 2022, increased primarily due to increased service rates at our marinas and acquisitions. 
 
 Interest income - for the year ended December 31, 2022, increased primarily due to interest income on a loan provided to a real estate operator to finance its acquisition and development costs in the current period as compared to the same period in 2021. 
 
 General and administrative expense - for the year ended December 31, 2022, increased primarily due to the acquisition of Park Holidays, and an increase in wages and incentives driven by growth in strategic initiatives as compared to the same period in 2021. 
 
 Catastrophic event-related charges, net - for the year ended December 31, 2022, increased primarily due to charges for impairment, cleanup, debris removal and repairs, partially offset by expected insurance recoveries, at our properties in Fort Myers, Florida, which sustained significant damage from Hurricane Ian. Refer to Note 16, "Commitments and Contingencies," in our accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Business combinations - for the year ended December 31, 2022, increased primarily as a result of the acquisition of Park Holidays. Refer to Note 3, "Real Estate Acquisitions and Dispositions," in our accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization - for the year ended December 31, 2022, increased as a result of property acquisitions during 2021 and 2022. Refer to Note 3, "Real Estate Acquisitions and Dispositions," in our accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 67 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Interest expense - for the year ended December 31, 2022, increased due to the higher carrying balance of debt and increased interest rates as compared to the same period in 2021. Refer to Note 8, "Debt and Line of Credit," in our accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Gain / (loss) on remeasurement of marketable securities - for the year ended December 31, 2022, was a loss of 53.4 million, as compared to a gain of 33.5 million during the same period in 2021 due to the fluctuation in the price of our publicly traded marketable securities. Refer to Note 15, "Fair Value of Financial Instruments," in our accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Gain / (loss) on foreign currency exchanges - for the year ended December 31, 2022, was a gain of 5.4 million, primarily due to the impact of the U.S. dollar strengthening against the Pound sterling on our line of credit. There was a loss of 3.7 million in the same period in 2021, primarily due to the fluctuation of exchange rates on Canadian and Australian denominated currencies. 
 
 Gain on dispositions of properties - for the year ended December 31, 2022, decreased due to a lower net gain on the sale of four properties as compared to a gain on the sale of six properties during the same period in 2021. Refer to Note 3, "Real Estate Acquisitions and Dispositions," in our accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Other expense, net - for the year ended December 31, 2022, was an expense of 2.1 million, compared to an expense of 12.1 million, for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to a gain from a litigation settlement in 2022 and contingent consideration expense in 2021. 
 
 Current tax expense - for the year ended December 31, 2022, increased due to incremental taxable income from the acquisition of Park Holidays in the UK. Refer to Note 12, "Income Taxes," in our accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Income attributable to noncontrolling interests - for the year ended December 31, 2022, decreased due to a decrease in Net Income as compared to the same period in 2021. 
 68 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 RECONCILIATION OF NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO SUI COMMON SHAREHOLDERS TO FFO 
 
 The following table reconciles Net income attributable to SUI common shareholders to FFO for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in millions, except for per share amounts): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Net Income Attributable to SUI Common Shareholders 242.0 380.2 131.6 Adjustments Depreciation and amortization 602.6 521.9 376.9 Depreciation on nonconsolidated affiliates 0.1 0.1 0.1 (Gain) / loss on remeasurement of marketable securities 
 53.4 (33.5) (6.1) Loss on remeasurement of investment in nonconsolidated affiliates 2.7 0.2 1.6 (Gain) / loss on remeasurement of notes receivable 0.8 (0.7) 3.3 Gain on dispositions of properties (12.2) (108.1) (5.6) Add: Returns on preferred OP units 9.5 4.0 2.2 Add: Income attributable to noncontrolling interests 10.4 14.7 7.9 Gain on dispositions of assets, net (54.9) (60.5) (22.2) FFO Attributable to SUI Common Shareholders and Dilutive Convertible Securities (1) 
 854.4 718.3 489.7 Adjustments Business combination expense and other acquisition related costs (2) 
 47.4 10.0 25.3 Loss on extinguishment of debt 4.4 8.1 5.2 Catastrophic event-related charges, net 17.5 2.2 0.9 Loss of earnings - catastrophic event-related charges, net (3) 
 4.8 0.2 (Gain) / loss on foreign currency exchanges (5.4) 3.7 (7.7) Other adjustments, net (4) 
 0.4 16.2 2.2 Core FFO Attributable to SUI Common Shareholders and Dilutive Convertible Securities (1) 
 923.5 758.7 515.6 Adjustment Foreign currency translation impact (5) 
 11.0 Constant Currency Core FFO Attributable to SUI Common Shareholders and Dilutive Convertible Securities 934.5 758.7 515.6 Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding - Basic 120.2 112.6 97.5 Add Common shares dilutive effect from forward equity sale 0.2 Restricted stock 0.4 0.2 0.4 Common OP units 2.5 2.5 2.5 Common stock issuable upon conversion of certain preferred OP units 2.3 1.2 0.9 Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding - Diluted 125.6 116.5 101.3 FFO Attributable to SUI Common Shareholders and Dilutive Convertible Securities Per Share 6.80 6.16 4.83 Core FFO Attributable to SUI Common Shareholders and Dilutive Convertible Securities Per Share 7.35 6.51 5.09 Constant Currency Core FFO Attributable to SUI Common Shareholders and Dilutive Convertible Securities per Share 7.44 6.51 5.09 
 (1) The effect of certain anti-dilutive convertible securities is excluded from these items. 
 (2) These costs represent (i) nonrecurring integration expenses associated with new acquisitions and first year acquisition deferred costs, (ii) costs associated with potential acquisitions that will not close, (iii) costs associated with the termination of the bridge loan commitment during the three months ended March 31, 2022 related to the acquisition of Park Holidays and (iv) business combination expenses and expenses incurred to bring recently acquired properties up to our operating standards, including items such as tree trimming and painting costs that do not meet our capitalization policy. 
 (3) Adjustment related to estimated loss of earnings in excess of the applicable business interruption deductible in relation to our three Fort Myers Florida RV communities that were impaired by Hurricane Ian and our three Florida Keys communities that were impaired by Hurricane Irma, which had not yet been received from our insurer. 
 (4) Other adjustments, net include (i) deferred tax (benefit) / expense and long-term lease termination (benefit) / expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (ii) accelerated deferred compensation amortization, gain from litigation settlement and gain on sale of investment in nonconsolidated affiliate for the year ended December 31, 2022, (iii) RV rebranding non-recurring cost for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and (iv) change in estimated contingent consideration for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 69 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 (5) We calculated the foreign currency translation impact by comparing the actual weighted average foreign currency rates with the weighted average foreign currency rates used for guidance, as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Actual Guidance U.S. Dollars per Pounds Sterling 1.2041 1.330 U.S. Dollars per Canadian Dollars 0.7692 0.770 U.S. Dollars per Australian Dollars 0.7282 0.756 
 70 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Short-term Liquidity 
 
 Our principal short-term liquidity demands historically have been, and are expected to continue to be, distributions to our shareholders and the unit holders of the Operating Partnership, property acquisitions, development and expansion of our properties, capital improvement of our properties, the purchase of new and pre-owned homes, and debt repayment. We intend to meet our short-term liquidity requirements through available cash balances, cash flows generated from operations, draws on our Senior Credit Facility, and the use of debt and equity offerings under our shelf registration statement. Refer to Note 8, "Debt and Line of Credit," and Note 9, "Equity and Temporary Equity," in our accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 We also intend to continue to strengthen our capital and liquidity positions by focusing on our core fundamentals, which are generating positive cash flows from operations, maintaining appropriate debt levels and leverage ratios, and controlling overhead costs. We take a disciplined approach to selecting the optimal mix of financing sources to meet our liquidity demands and minimize our overall cost of capital. In June 2021, we received investment grade ratings of BBB and Baa3 from S P Global and Moody's, respectively, both with stable outlooks. Our ratings remain unchanged from original receipt. We plan to continue to capitalize on our unsecured bond market access to optimize our cost of capital and increase our financial flexibility. 
 
 Current market and economic conditions, including relating to, among other things, interest rates, currency fluctuations, equity valuations and inflation, may adversely affect our ability to obtain debt and equity capital in the short term on attractive terms. 
 
 Acquisition, development and expansion activities 
 
 Subject to market conditions, we intend to continue to identify opportunities to expand our development pipeline and acquire existing properties. We finance acquisitions through available cash, secured financing, draws on our Senior Credit Facility, the assumption of existing debt on properties and the issuance of debt and equity securities. The current higher interest rate environment may make it more expensive to finance acquisitions and fund developments and expansions We will continue to evaluate acquisition and development opportunities that meet our underwriting criteria. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we acquired 61 MH and RV communities, totaling 21,795 sites and 2,655 development sites, and eight marinas totaling 2,552 wet slips and dry storage spaces, for a total purchase price of approximately 2.2 billion. This includes our acquisition of Park Holidays at an enterprise value of 950.0 million, or approximately 1.2 billion. 
 
 We have been focused on property ground-up development and expansion opportunities adjacent to our existing properties. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we constructed over 840 total sites at six ground-up developments and expanded nearly 1,160 total sites at 11 properties. 
 
 We continue to expand our properties utilizing our inventory of owned and entitled land. We have 16,195 MH and RV sites suitable for future development. 
 
 Refer to Note 3, "Real Estate Acquisitions and Dispositions," in our accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for additional detail on acquisitions completed in 2022. 
 71 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Capital Expenditures 
 
 Our capital expenditures include expansion sites and development construction costs, recurring capital expenditures, lot modifications, growth projects, acquisition-related capital expenditures, rental home purchases and rebranding costs. 
 
 Our capital expenditure activity is summarized as follows (in millions): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Non-Recurring Capital Expenditures Lot Modifications 39.1 28.8 Growth Projects 99.5 77.0 Rebranding 15.0 6.1 Acquisition-related Capital Expenditures 280.3 176.5 Expansion and Development 261.8 201.7 Rental Program 151.1 117.4 Other 0.4 0.5 Total Non-Recurring Capital Expenditures 847.2 608.0 Recurring Capital Expenditures 73.8 64.6 Total Capital Expenditure Activities 921.0 672.6 
 
 Recurring capital expenditures - property recurring capital expenditures are necessary to maintain asset quality, including purchasing and replacing assets used to operate the communities and marinas. Recurring capital expenditures at our MH and RV properties include items such as: major road and driveway repairs and improvements; pool improvements; clubhouse renovations; adding or replacing streetlights; playground equipment; signage; maintenance facilities; manager housing and property vehicles. Recurring capital expenditures at our marinas include items such as: dredging, dock repairs and improvements, and equipment maintenance and upgrades. The minimum capitalized amount is five hundred dollars. 
 
 Non-Recurring Capital Expenditures 
 
 Lot modifications - lot modification capital expenditures are incurred to modify the foundational structures required to set a new home after a previous home has been removed. These expenditures are necessary to create a revenue stream from a new site renter and often improve the quality of the community. Other lot modification expenditures include land improvements added to annual RV sites to aid in the conversion of transient RV guests to annual contracts. 
 
 Growth projects - growth projects consist of revenue generating or expense reducing activities at MH, RV and marina properties. This includes, but is not limited to, utility efficiency and renewable energy projects, site, slip or amenity upgrades such as the addition of a garage, shed or boat lift, and other special capital projects that substantiate an incremental rental increase. 
 
 Rebranding - rebranding includes new signage at our RV communities and costs of building an RV mobile application and updated website. 
 
 Acquisition-related capital expenditures - consist of capital improvements identified during due diligence that are necessary to bring our communities and marinas up to our operating standards. These include items such as: upgrading clubhouses; landscaping; new street light systems; new mail delivery systems; pool renovation including larger decks, heaters and furniture; new maintenance facilities; lot modifications; and new signage including main signs and internal road signs. 
 
 Expansion and development expenditures - consist primarily of construction costs such as roads, activities and amenities, and costs necessary to complete home and RV site improvements, such as driveways, sidewalks and landscaping at our MH and RV communities. Expenditures also include costs to rebuild after damage has been incurred at MH, RV or Marina properties, and research and development. 
 
 Rental program - consists of investment in the acquisition of homes intended for the Rental Program and the purchase of vacation rental homes at our RV communities. Expenditures for these investments depend upon the condition of the markets for repossessions and new home sales, rental homes and vacation rental homes. 
 
 72 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Cash Flow Activities 
 
 Our cash flow activities are summarized as follows (in millions): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 734.9 753.6 543.3 Net Cash Used for Investing Activities (3,062.6) (2,338.2) (2,486.5) Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 2,348.6 1,570.4 2,000.8 Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash (8.7) (0.2) 0.2 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash increased by 12.2 million from 78.2 million as of December 31, 2021, to 90.4 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Operating activities - Net cash provided by operating activities decreased by 18.7 million, to 734.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 753.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in operating cash flow was primarily due to changes in inventory, other assets, and other receivables, including an increase in insurance reimbursement receivables related to Hurricane Ian, partially offset by improved operating performance at our existing MH and RV communities and marinas. 
 
 Our net cash flows provided by operating activities from continuing operations may be adversely impacted by, among other things: 
 
 the market and economic conditions in our current markets generally, and specifically in the metropolitan areas of our current markets; 
 lower occupancy and rental rates of our properties; 
 substantial increases in insurance premium; 
 increases in other operating costs, such as wage and benefit costs, real estate taxes and utilities; 
 decreased sales of manufactured homes; 
 current volatility in economic conditions and the financial markets; and 
 the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Refer to "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Investing activities - Net cash used for investing activities increased by 0.8 billion, to 3.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in Net cash used for investing activities was primarily driven by an increase in cash deployed to acquire Park Holidays and other new properties during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the corresponding period in 2021. Refer to the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow for detail on the net cash used for investing activities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Refer to Note 3, "Real Estate Acquisitions and Dispositions," and Note 4, "Notes and Other Receivables," in our accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on acquisitions and issuance of notes and other receivables. 
 
 Financing activities - Net cash provided by financing activities increased by 0.7 billion, to 2.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in Net cash provided by financing activities was primarily driven by an increase in borrowings on our Senior Credit Facility, net of repayments, during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the corresponding period in 2021. Refer to the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow for detail on the net cash provided by financing activities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Refer to Note 8, "Debt and Line of Credit," and Note 9, "Equity and Temporary Equity," in our accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 We are exposed to interest rate variability associated with our outstanding floating rate debt and any maturing debt that has to be refinanced. Interest rate movements impact our borrowing costs and, while as of December 31, 2022, over 77 of our total debt was fixed rate financing, including the impact of hedge activity, increases in interest costs are likely to adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 73 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Equity and Debt Activity 
 
 Public Equity Offerings 
 
 In November 2021, we entered into the November 2021 Forward Sale Agreements in connection with an underwritten registered public offering of 4,025,000 shares of our common stock at a public offering price of 185.00 per share. In April 2022, we completed the physical settlement of the 4,025,000 shares of common stock and received aggregate net proceeds of 705.4 million. We used the net proceeds to repay borrowings outstanding under our Senior Credit Facility, and for working capital and general corporate purposes. 
 
 In March 2021, we priced a 1.1 billion underwritten public offering of an aggregate of 8,050,000 shares at a public offering price of 140.00 per share, before underwriting discounts and commissions. The offering consisted of 4,000,000 shares offered directly by us and 4,050,000 shares offered under a forward equity sales agreement. We sold the 4,000,000 shares on March 9, 2021 and received net proceeds of 537.6 million after deducting expenses related to the offering. In May and June 2021, we completed the physical settlement of the remaining 4,050,000 shares and received net proceeds of 539.7 million after deducting expenses related to the offering. Proceeds from the offering were used to acquire assets and pay down borrowings under our revolving line of credit. 
 
 At the Market Offering Sales Agreement 
 
 In December 2021, we entered into an At the Market Offering Sales Agreement (the "Sales Agreement"), with certain sales agents and forward sellers pursuant to which we may sell, from time to time, up to an aggregate gross sales price of 1.25 billion of our common stock through the sales agents, acting as our sales agents or, if applicable, as forward sellers, or directly to the sales agents as principals for their own accounts. We simultaneously terminated our prior sales agreement upon entering into the Sales Agreement. Through December 2022, we had entered into forward sales agreements under our Sales Agreement for an aggregate gross sales price of 160.6 million. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2022, we entered into forward sale agreements with respect to 15,000 shares of common stock under our Sales Agreement for 2.6 million. Additionally, we settled all of our outstanding forward sale agreements with respect to 1,526,212 shares of common stock which includes 620,109; 600,503; 290,600; and 15,000 shares of common stock from the three months ended December 31, 2021, March 31, June 30 and September 30, 2022 forward sale agreements, respectively. The net proceeds of 275.5 million from the settlement of these forward sale agreements were used to repay borrowings outstanding under our Senior Credit Facility. 
 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2022, we completed the physical settlement of 1,200,000 shares of common stock under our prior at the market offering program and received net proceeds of 229.5 million. Additionally, we entered into forward sales agreements with respect 290,600 shares of common stock for 50.1 million, under our Sales Agreement. These forward sale agreements were settled during the three months ended September 30, 2022. 
 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2022, we entered into forward sales agreements with respect to 600,503 shares of common stock for 107.9 million, under our Sales Agreement. These forward sale agreements were settled during the three months ended September 30, 2022. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we entered into forward sale agreements with respect to 1,820,109 shares of common stock under our prior at the market offering program for 356.5 million. We completed the physical settlement of 1,200,000 and 620,109 shares of common stock during the three months ended June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022, respectively. 
 
 Secured Debt 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we entered into a new 20.6 million construction loan, which was undrawn as of December 31, 2022 and a 3.4 million mortgage term loan that are jointly secured by one property. Both loans mature August 10, 2047 and have a fixed interest rate of 3.65 . Additionally, during and subsequent to the quarter ended December 31, 2022, we entered into mortgage term loans of (a) 226.0 million related to 18 existing encumbered properties which mature between June 15, 2026, and December 15, 2029, and have a fixed interest rate of 4.5 and (b) 85.0 million related to five properties which mature on February 13, 2026, and have a fixed interest rate of 5.0 . We used the net proceeds to repay borrowings outstanding under our Senior Credit Facility. 
 
 74 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 During the three months ended September 30, 2022, we repaid 318.0 million of term loans collateralized by 35 properties. These loans had a weighted average interest rate of 4.81 and were set to mature from December 2022 through September 2024. 
 
 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 
 In January 2023, the Operating Partnership issued 400.0 million of senior unsecured notes with an interest rate of 5.7 and a 10-year term, due January 15, 2033 (the "2033 Notes"). Interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, beginning on July 15, 2023. The net proceeds from the offering were 395.3 million, after deducting underwriters' discounts and offering expenses. In connection with the 2033 Notes issuance, we settled two 10-year treasury rate lock contracts and a forward swap totaling 250.0 million and received a net settlement payment of 7.4 million. This lowered the effective interest rate on the 2033 Notes from 5.7 to 5.5 . 
 
 In April 2022, the Operating Partnership issued 600.0 million of senior unsecured 2032 Notes with an interest rate of 4.2 and a 10-year term, due April 15, 2032. The net proceeds from the offering were 592.3 million after deducting underwriters' discounts and estimated offering expenses. In connection with the 2032 Notes issuance, we settled four 10-year treasury rate lock contracts totaling 600.0 million and received a settlement payment of 35.3 million. The balance will be amortized as a reduction of interest expense on a straight-line basis over the 10-year term of the hedged transaction. This lowers the effective interest rate on the 2032 Notes from 4.2 to 3.6 . 
 
 In October 2021, the Operating Partnership issued 450.0 million of senior unsecured 2028 Notes with an interest rate of 2.3 and a seven-year term, due November 1, 2028. The Operating Partnership also issued an additional 150.0 million of its 2031 Notes (as defined below). The net proceeds from both offerings were approximately 595.5 million after deducting underwriters' discounts and estimated offering expenses. 
 
 In June 2021, the Operating Partnership issued 600.0 million of senior unsecured 2031 Notes with an interest rate of 2.7 and a 10-year term, due July 15, 2031. The net proceeds from the offering were approximately 592.4 million, after deducting underwriters' discounts and estimated offering expenses. 
 
 The proceeds from the 2028 Notes, the 2031 Notes, the 2032 Notes and the 2033 Notes, were used to pay down borrowings under our Senior Credit Facility. The total outstanding principal balance of senior unsecured notes was 1.8 billion at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The obligations of the Operating Partnership to pay principal, premiums, if any, and interest on the 2028 Notes, the 2031 Notes, the 2032 Notes, and the 2033 Notes are guaranteed on a senior basis by Sun Communities, Inc. The guarantee is full and unconditional, and the Operating Partnership is a consolidated subsidiary of the Company. Under Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X, as amended, subsidiary issuers of obligations guaranteed by its parent company are not required to provide separate financial statements, provided that the subsidiary obligor is consolidated into the parent company's consolidated financial statements, the parent guarantee is "full and unconditional" and, subject to certain exceptions, the alternative disclosure required by Rule 13-01 is provided, which includes narrative disclosure and summarized financial information. Accordingly, separate consolidated financial statements of the Operating Partnership have not been presented. Furthermore, as permitted under Rule 13-01(a)(4)(vi), we have excluded the summarized financial information for the Operating Partnership as the assets, liabilities and results of operations of the Operating Partnership are not materially different from the corresponding amounts presented in our consolidated financial statements and management believes such summarized financial information would be repetitive and not provide incremental value to investors. 
 
 Line of Credit 
 
 In April 2022, in connection with the closing of the Park Holidays acquisition, the Operating Partnership as borrower, and SUI, as guarantor, and certain lenders entered into the Credit Facility Amendment, which amended our Senior Credit Facility. 
 
 The Credit Facility Amendment increased the aggregate amount of our Senior Credit Facility to 4.2 billion with the ability to upsize the total borrowings by an additional 800.0 million, subject to certain conditions. The increased aggregate amount under the Senior Credit Facility consists of the following: (a) a revolving loan in an amount up to 3.05 billion and (b) a term loan facility of 1.15 billion, with the ability to draw funds from the combined facilities in U.S. dollars, Pounds sterling, Euros, Canadian dollars and Australian dollars, subject to certain limitations. The Credit Facility Amendment extended the maturity date of the revolving loan facility to April 7, 2026. At our option that maturity date may be extended two additional six-month periods. In addition, the Credit Facility Amendment established the maturity date of the term loan facility under the Credit Facility Amendment as April 7, 2025, which may not be further extended. 
 
 75 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Prior to the Credit Facility Amendment, the Senior Credit Facility permitted aggregate borrowings of up to 2.0 billion, with an accordion feature that allowed for additional commitments of up to 1.0 billion, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. Prior to the amendment, 500.0 million of available borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility were scheduled to mature on October 11, 2024, with the remainder scheduled to mature on June 14, 2025. We had no loss on extinguishment of debt during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized losses on extinguishment of debt in our Consolidated Statements of Operations of 0.1 million related to the amendment of the Senior Credit Facility, and 0.2 million and 7.9 million, related to the termination of our 750.0 million credit facility and the 1.8 billion credit facility between Safe Harbor and certain lenders, respectively. 
 
 The Senior Credit Facility bears interest at a floating rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR, the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate, the Daily RFR, the Australian BBSY, the Daily SONIA Rate or the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate, as applicable, plus a margin, in all cases, which can range from 0.725 to 1.6 , subject to certain adjustments. As of December 31, 2022, the margins based on our credit ratings were 0.85 on the revolving loan facility and 0.95 on the term loan facility. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we achieved sustainability related requirements resulting in a favorable 0.01 adjustment to both margins. 
 
 At the lenders' option, the Senior Credit Facility will become immediately due and payable upon an event of default under the Credit Facility Amendment. We had 1.1 billion of borrowings outstanding under the revolving loan and 1.1 billion of borrowings outstanding under the term loan on the Senior Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022. We had 1.0 billion of revolving borrowings on our prior Senior Credit Facility as of December 31, 2021. These balances are recorded in Unsecured debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The Senior Credit Facility provides us with the ability to issue letters of credit. Our issuance of letters of credit does not increase our borrowings outstanding under the Senior Credit Facility, but does reduce the borrowing amount available. We had 2.3 million and 2.2 million of outstanding letters of credit at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Financial Covenants 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Senior Credit Facility, we are subject to various financial and other covenants. The most restrictive financial covenants for the Senior Credit Facility are as follows: 
 
 Covenant Requirement As of December 31, 2022 
 Maximum leverage ratio 1.40 3.82 Maximum secured leverage ratio 
 In addition, we are required to maintain the following covenants with respect to the senior unsecured notes payable: 
 
 Covenant Requirement As of December 31, 2022 
 Total debt to total assets 60.0 40.3 Secured debt to total assets 40.0 18.0 Consolidated income available for debt service to debt service 1.50 5.30 Unencumbered total asset value to total unsecured debt 150.0 344.0 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the above covenants and do not anticipate that we will be unable to meet these covenants in the near term. 
 
 Bridge Loan Termination 
 
 In March 2022, we terminated our commitment letter with Citigroup, pursuant to which, Citigroup (on behalf of its affiliates), previously committed to lend us up to 950.0 million in Pounds sterling, or approximately 1.2 billion converted at the March 31, 2022 exchange rate (the "Bridge Loan"). As of the date of termination, we did not have any borrowings outstanding under the Bridge Loan. 
 
 76 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Derivative Transactions 
 
 Our objective and strategy in using interest rate derivatives is to manage exposure to interest rate movements, thereby minimizing the effect of interest rate changes and the effect they could have on future cash outflows (forecasted interest payments) on a forecasted issuance of long-term debt. We do not enter into derivative instruments for speculative purposes. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we entered into two treasury rate lock contracts and one forward swap contract with an aggregate notional value of 250.0 million to hedge interest rate risk associated with the future issuance of long-term debt. We also entered into two interest rate swap agreements to hedge variable rate borrowings of 400.0 million (equivalent to 483.6 million as of December 31, 2022) under the term loan on our Senior Credit Facility. The interest rate swaps locked in a total fixed rate, inclusive of spread, of 3.66 through the term loan maturity date of April 7, 2025. 
 
 Long-term Financing and Capital Requirements 
 
 Long-term Financing 
 
 We anticipate meeting our long-term liquidity requirements, such as scheduled debt maturities, large property acquisitions, expansion and development of properties, other nonrecurring capital improvements and Operating Partnership unit redemptions through the long-term unsecured and secured indebtedness and the issuance of certain debt or equity securities subject to market conditions. If current market and economic conditions, including relating to, among other things, interest rates, currency fluctuations, equity valuations and inflation, continue or worsen, our ability to obtain debt and equity capital in the long term on attractive terms may be adversely affected. 
 
 We had unrestricted cash on hand as of December 31, 2022 of 72.8 million. As of December 31, 2022, there was 1.9 billion of remaining capacity on the Senior Credit Facility. At December 31, 2022 we had a total of 515 unencumbered MH, RV and marina properties. 
 
 From time to time, we may also issue shares of our capital stock, issue equity units in our Operating Partnership, issue unsecured notes, obtain other debt financing or sell selected assets. Our ability to finance our long-term liquidity requirements in such a manner will be affected by numerous economic factors affecting the MH, RV and marina industries at the time, including the availability and cost of mortgage debt, our financial condition, the operating history of the properties, the state of the debt and equity markets, and the general national, regional and local economic conditions. When it becomes necessary for us to approach the credit markets, the volatility in those markets could make borrowing more difficult to secure, more expensive or effectively unavailable. In the event our current credit ratings are downgraded, it may become difficult or more expensive to obtain additional financing or refinance existing unsecured indebtedness as maturities become due. Refer to "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If we are unable to obtain additional debt or equity financing on acceptable terms, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be adversely impacted. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our net debt to enterprise value was 27.9 (assuming conversion of all common OP units, Series A-1 preferred OP units, Series A-3 preferred OP units, Series C preferred OP units, Series D preferred OP units, Series E preferred OP units, Series F preferred OP units, Series G preferred OP units, Series H preferred OP units and Series J preferred OP units to shares of common stock). Our debt has a weighted average interest rate of 3.75 and a weighted average years to maturity of 7.4. 
 
 77 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 Capital Requirements 
 
 Our capital requirements as of December 31, 2022 include both short and long term obligations: 
 
 Our primary long-term liquidity needs are principal payments on outstanding indebtedness as summarized in the table below: 
 
 Payments Due By Period (in millions) Outstanding Indebtedness (1) 
 Total Due Short-term Obligation 1 Year 
 Long-term Obligation After 1 Year 
 Refer to Principal payments on long-term debt 7,235.1 183.4 7,051.7 Note 8. Debt and Line of Credit 
 Interest expense (2) 
 1,510.5 187.5 1,323.0 Operating leases 299.2 13.6 285.6 Note 17. Leases 
 Finance lease 28.9 1.0 27.9 Note 17. Leases 
 Total Outstanding Indebtedness 9,073.7 385.5 8,688.2 
 (1) Our outstanding indebtedness in this table excludes debt premiums, discounts and deferred financing costs, as applicable. 
 (2) Our obligations related to interest expense are calculated based on the current debt levels, rates and maturities as of December 31, 2022 (including finance leases), and actual payments required in future periods may be different than the amounts included above. Perpetual securities include one year of interest expense for payment due after five years. 
 
 Certain of our nonconsolidated affiliates, which are accounted for under the equity-method of accounting, have incurred indebtedness. We have not guaranteed the debt of our nonconsolidated affiliates in the arrangements referenced below, nor do we have any obligations to fund this debt should the nonconsolidated affiliates be unable to do so. Refer to Note 6, "Investments in Nonconsolidated Affiliates," in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about these entities. 
 
 GTSC - During September 2019, GTSC entered into a warehouse line of credit with a maximum loan amount of 125.0 million. The line of credit was subsequently amended, with the maximum amount increased to 325.0 million as of December 31, 2022, with an option to increase to 375.0 million subject to the lender's consent. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate carrying amount of debt, including both our and our partner's share, incurred by GTSC was 275.0 million (of which our proportionate share is 110.0 million), and 243.1 million (of which our proportionate share is 97.2 million), respectively. The debt bears interest at a variable rate based on a Commercial Paper or adjusted Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus a margin ranging from 1.65 to 2.5 per annum and matures on December 15, 2026. 
 
 Sungenia JV - During May 2020, Sungenia JV, entered into a debt facility agreement with a maximum loan amount of 27.0 million Australian dollars, or 18.4 million converted at the December 31, 2022 exchange rate. During July 2022, the maximum amount was increased to 50.0 million Australian dollars, or 34.1 million converted at the December 31, 2022 exchange rate. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate carrying amount of the debt, including both our and our partners' share, incurred by Sungenia JV was 7.9 million (of which our proportionate share is approximately 4.0 million), and 6.3 million (of which our proportionate share is 3.1 million), respectively. The debt bears interest at a variable rate based on the BBSY rate plus a margin ranging from 1.35 to 1.4 , subject to adjustment for additional future commitments, per annum and matures on June 30, 2027. 
 
 78 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with United States of America generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"), which require the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses in the periods presented. We believe that the accounting estimates employed are appropriate and resulting balances are reasonable; however, due to inherent uncertainties in making estimates, actual results could differ from the original estimates, requiring adjustments to these balances in future periods. 
 
 Our significant accounting estimates include acquisitions of investment properties and impairments of long-lived assets or properties, and right-of-use assets. Refer to Note 1, "Significant Accounting Policies," in our accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding our critical accounting estimates that affect the Consolidated Financial Statements and that use judgments and assumptions. In addition, the likelihood that materially different amounts could be reported under varied conditions and assumptions is discussed. 
 
 Impact of New Accounting Standards 
 
 Refer to Note 19, "Recent Accounting Pronouncements," in our accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements. 
 
 79 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Market risk is the exposure to loss resulting from changes in market factors such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices and equity prices. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Our principal market risk exposure is interest rate risk. We mitigate this risk by maintaining prudent amounts of leverage, minimizing capital costs, and interest expense while continuously evaluating all available debt and equity resources and following established risk management policies and procedures, which include the periodic use of derivatives. Our primary strategy in entering into derivative contracts is to minimize the variability that interest rate changes could have on our future cash flows. From time to time, we employ derivative instruments that effectively convert a portion of our variable rate debt to fixed rate debt. We do not enter into derivative instruments for speculative purposes. 
 
 Our variable rate debt totaled 1.7 billion and 1.0 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, our variable debt bore interest at the Adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate, the Daily Risk Free Rate ("RFR"), the Australian Bank Bill Swap Bid Rate ("BBSY") rate, the Daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") Rate or the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate, and the Eurodollar rate or Prime rate plus a margin. As of December 31, 2021, our variable debt bore interest at the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate or the Australian BBSY rate, plus a margin, and the Eurodollar rate or Prime rate. If the above rates increased or decreased by 1.0 , our interest expense would have increased or decreased by 14.2 million and 8.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, based on the 1.4 billion and 821.2 million average balances outstanding under our variable rate debt facilities, respectively. Our variable rate debt, interest expense and average balance outstanding under our variable rate debt facility includes the impact of hedge activity. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 
 Foreign currency exchange rate risk is the risk that fluctuations in currencies against the U.S. dollar will negatively impact our results of operations. We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk as a result of remeasurement and translation of the assets and liabilities of our properties in the UK and Canada, and our equity investment and joint venture in Australia, into U.S. dollars. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates can therefore create volatility in our results of operations and may adversely affect our financial condition. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our shareholder's equity included 1.2 billion and 663.6 million from our investments and operations in the UK, Canada, and Australia, which collectively represented 14.9 and 9.9 of total shareholder's equity, respectively. Based on our sensitivity analysis, a 10.0 strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Pound sterling, Canadian dollar, and Australian dollar would have caused a reduction of 117.9 million and 66.4 million to our total shareholder's equity at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Capital Market Risk 
 
 We are exposed to risks related to the equity capital markets, and our related ability to raise capital through the issuance of our common stock or other equity instruments. We are also exposed to risks related to the debt capital markets, and our related ability to finance our business through borrowings under other financing arrangements. As a REIT, we are required to distribute a significant portion of our taxable income annually, which constrains our ability to accumulate operating cash flow and therefore requires us to utilize debt or equity capital to finance our business. We seek to mitigate these risks by monitoring the debt and equity capital markets to inform our decisions on the amount, timing and terms of capital we raise. 
 80 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Financial statements and supplementary data are filed herewith under Item 15. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the specified time periods and accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) at December 31, 2022. Based upon this evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management's report on internal control over financial reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. This system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 Our management performed an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022, utilizing the criteria discussed in the " Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) " issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The objective of this assessment was to determine whether our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. Based on management's assessment, we have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting has been audited by Grant Thornton LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report which is included herein. 
 
 Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 
 81 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Pursuant to the general instructions of Item 401 of Regulation S-K, certain information regarding our executive officers is contained in Part I of this Form 10-K. Unless provided in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the other information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the applicable information in the proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting (the "Proxy Statement,") including the information set forth under the captions "Proposal No.1 Election of Directors - Consideration of Director Nominees," "Corporate Governance - Board of Directors," "Corporate Governance - Board of Directors - Board Structure - Committees of the Board of Directors," "Security Ownership Information - Security Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers," and "Information About Executive Officers - Executive Officers Biographies." 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Unless provided in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the applicable information in the Proxy Statement, including the information set forth under the captions "Corporate Governance - Board of Directors - Board Structure - Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation," "Director Compensation," and "Compensation Discussion and Analysis." The information in the section captioned "Compensation Committee Report" in the Proxy Statement or an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated by reference herein but shall be deemed furnished, not filed, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing we make under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Unless provided in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the applicable information in the Proxy Statement, including the information set forth under the captions "Security Ownership Information." 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Unless provided in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement, including the information set forth under the captions "Corporate Governance - Board of Directors," "Corporate Governance - Board of Directors - Board Structure - Committees of the Board of Directors," "Corporate Governance - Board of Directors - Board Structure - Leadership Structure and Independence of Non-Employee Directors," and "Corporate Governance - Board of Directors - Other Board Policies and Processes - Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions." 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Unless provided in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement, including the information set forth under the caption for the proposal related to "Ratification of Selection of Grant Thornton LLP." 
 
 82 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 The following documents are filed herewith as part of this Form 10-K: 
 
 1. Financial Statements 
 A list of the financial statements required to be filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10 K is shown in the "Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules" filed herewith. 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 The financial statement schedules required to be filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10 K is shown in the "Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules" filed herewith. 
 
 3. Exhibits 
 A list of the exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S K to be filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is filed herewith. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 
 83 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit Number Description Method of Filing 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated September 29, 2020 by and among Safe Harbor Marinas, LLC, Sun Communities, Inc., Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership, Sun SH LLC and Safe Harbor Marinas II, LLC, individually and in its capacity as the Seller Representative (as defined therein) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Sun Communities, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2020 3.1 Sun Communities, Inc. Articles of Restatement 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Sun Communities, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 22, 2018 3.2 Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Sun Communities, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 21, 2023 4.1 Description of the Registrant s Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Sun Communities, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed for the year ended December 31, 2019 4.2 Form of Registration Rights Agreement by and among Sun Communities, Inc. and certain holders of Merger Securities 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Sun Communities, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2020 4.3 Indenture, dated as of June 28, 2021 by and between Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership and UMB Bank, N.A. as trustee. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Sun Communities Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2021 4.4 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 28, 2021 by and among Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership, Sun Communities, Inc., and UMB Bank, N.A. as trustee. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Sun Communities Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2021 4.5 Form of Global Note for 2.700 Notes due 2031 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of Sun Communities Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2021 4.6 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 5, 2021 by and among Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership, Sun Communities, Inc., and UMB Bank, N.A. as trustee 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Sun Communities Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 5, 2021 4.7 Form of Global Note for 2.300 Notes due 2028 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of Sun Communities Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 5, 2021 4.8 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 12, 2022 by and among Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership, Sun Communities, Inc., and UMB Bank, N.A. as trustee. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Sun Communities Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-k filed on April 12, 2022 4.9 Form of Global Note for 4.200 Notes due 2032 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of Sun Communities Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 12, 2022 4.10 Form of Global Note for 5.700 Notes due 2033 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of Sun Communities Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 17, 2023 4.11 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 17, 2023 by and among Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership, Sun Communities, Inc. and UMB Bank., N.A. as trustee. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Sun Communities Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 17, 2023 10.1 Lease, dated November 1, 2002, by and between Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership as Tenant and American Center LLC as Landlord 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.61 of Sun Communities, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002, as amended 10.2 Sixth Lease Modification dated June 26, 2018 by and between Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership as Tenant and American Center LLC as Landlord 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of Sun Communities, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 21, 2019 10.3 First Amendment to the Fourth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership, dated January 9, 2020. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Sun Communities, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 13, 2020 10.4 Second Amendment to the Fourth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership, dated January 13, 2020. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Sun Communities, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 14, 2020 10.5 Fourth Amendment to the Fourth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership, dated May 14, 2020. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Sun Communities, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 18, 2020 10.6 Sixth Amendment to the Fourth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership, dated September 30, 2020. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Sun Communities, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 6, 2020 10.7 Seventh Amendment to Agreement of Limited Partnership Agreement of Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership, dated October, 30, 2020 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Sun Communities, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 5, 2020 10.8 Eighth Amendment to Agreement of Limited Partnership of Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership, dated December 31, 2020 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Sun Communities, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 4, 2021 10.9 Ninth Amendment to Agreement of Limited Partnership of Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership, dated April 21, 2021 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Sun Communities Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2021 10.10# First Amended and Restated 2004 Non-Employee Director Option Plan 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Sun Communities, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 25, 2012 10.11# First Amendment to First Amended and Restated 2004 Non-Employee Director Option Plan 
 Incorporate by reference to Exhibit A of Sun Communities, Inc.'s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on March 29, 2018 10.12# Sun Communities, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Incorporated by reference to Appendix A of Sun Communities, Inc.'s Proxy Statement filed on April 29, 2015 10.13 Sun Communities, Inc. Non-Employee Directors Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of Sun Communities, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 10-K filed February 22, 2022 
 84 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 10.14# Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of Sun Communities, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004 10.15# Employment Agreement dated July 16, 2021 among Sun Communities, Inc., Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership and Bruce Thelen 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Sun Communities Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2021 10.16# Employment Agreement dated October 18, 2021 among Sun Communities, Inc., Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership and Aaron Weiss 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Sun Communities Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2021 10.17# Sun Communities, Inc. Executive Compensation Clawback Policy 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of Sun Communities, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 15, 2014 10.18 Credit Agreement dated September 14, 2018, and the Third Amendment thereto dated December 22, 2020, among Safe Harbor Marinas, LLC as borrower; SHM TRS, LLC and certain subsidiaries of Safe Harbor Marinas, LLC and SHM TRS, LLC from time to time as guarantors; the lenders that are party thereto; and Citizens Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Sun Communities, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 29, 2020 10.19 Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated June 14, 2021, among Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership, as Borrower, Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer, Citibank, N.A., Citizens Bank, N.A., BofA Securities, Inc., BMO Capital Markets Corp., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Fifth Third Bank, Regions Bank, Royal Bank of Canada, The Huntington National Bank, Truist Bank, U.S. Bank National Association, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Joint Lead Arrangers, and Citibank, N.A., Citizens Bank, N.A., BofA Securities, Inc., BMO Capital Markets Corp., and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Joint Bookrunners, and Bank of America, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of Montreal, and Citizens Bank, N.A., as Co-Syndication Agents 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Sun Communities Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 14, 2021 10.20# First Amendment to Employment Agreement among Sun Communities, Inc., Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership and Gary A. Shiffman dated March 30, 2022 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Sun Communities Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2022 10.21# First Amendment to Employment Agreement among Sun Communities, Inc., Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership and John B. McLaren dated March 30, 2022 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Sun Communities Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2022 10.22# First Amendment to Employment Agreement among Sun Communities, Inc., Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership and Karen J. Dearing dated March 30, 2022 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Sun Communities Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2022 10.23# First Amendment to Employment Agreement among Sun Communities, Inc., Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership and Bruce Thelen dated March 30, 2022 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Sun Communities Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2022 10.24# First Amendment to Employment Agreement among Sun Communities, Inc., Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership and Aaron Weiss dated March 30, 2022 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of Sun Communities Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2022 10.25 Amendment No. 1, dated April 7, 2022, to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and Other Loan Documents, among Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership, as Borrower, Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer, Citisecurities Limited, as special administrative agent for the AUD RC Lenders; with Citibank, N.A., Citizens Bank, N.A., BofA Securities, Inc., BMO Capital Markets Corp., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., RBC Capital Markets, Fifth Third Bank, National Association, Regions Bank, The Huntington National Bank, Truist Securities, Inc., U.S. Bank National Association, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as Joint Lead Arrangers, Citibank, N.A., Citizens Bank, N.A., BofA Securities, Inc., BMO Capital Markets Corp., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., RBC Capital Markets and Fifth Third Bank, National Association, as Joint Bookrunners, BofA Securities, Inc., Citibank, N.A., and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as Co-Sustainability Structuring Agents, and Bank of America N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of Montreal, Citizens Bank, N.A., Royal Bank of Canada and Fifth Third Bank, National Association, as Co-Syndication Agents. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Sun Communities Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 13, 2022 10.26# Employment Agreement dated April 8, 2022 among Sun Communities, Inc., Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership and Karen J. Dearing 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Sun Communities Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 13, 2022 10.27# Employment Agreement dated April 8, 2022 among Sun Communities, Inc., Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership and Fernando Castro-Caratini 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Sun Communities Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 13, 2022 10.28 UK Sub-Plan under the Sun Communities, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Sun Communities Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 13, 2022 10.29# Second Amendment to the Sun Communities, Inc. First Amended and Restated 2004 Non-Employee Director Option Plan effective as of March 29, 2022 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Sun Communities Inc.'s Current Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 26, 2022 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of Sun Communities, Inc. 
 Filed herewith 22.1 List issuers of guaranteed securities 
 Filed herewith 23.1 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP 
 Filed herewith 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed herewith 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed herewith 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Furnished herewith 
 85 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 101.INS XBRL Instance Document The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document Filed herewith 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document Filed herewith 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document Filed herewith 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document Filed herewith 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document Filed herewith Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuance to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K because such schedules and exhibits do not contain information which is material to an investment decision or which is not otherwise disclosed in the filed agreements. The Company will furnish the omitted schedules and exhibits to the SEC upon request by the SEC. 
 # Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

86 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 (Registrant) 
 Dated: February 23, 2023 By /s/ Gary A. Shiffman Gary A. Shiffman, Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Name Capacity Date /s/ Gary A. Shiffman Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer) February 23, 2023 Gary A. Shiffman /s/ Fernando Castro-Caratini Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) February 23, 2023 Fernando Castro-Caratini /s/ Tonya Allen Director February 23, 2023 Tonya Allen /s/ Meghan G. Baivier Director February 23, 2023 Meghan G. Baivier /s/ Stephanie W. Bergeron Director February 23, 2023 Stephanie W. Bergeron /s/ Jeff T. Blau Director February 23, 2023 Jeff T. Blau /s/ Brian M. Hermelin Director February 23, 2023 Brian M. Hermelin /s/ Ronald A. Klein Director February 23, 2023 Ronald A. Klein /s/ Clunet R. Lewis Director February 23, 2023 Clunet R. Lewis /s/ Arthur A. Weiss Director February 23, 2023 Arthur A. Weiss 
 
 87 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 INDEX TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 
 F- 2 
 Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 10 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F- 12 
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation, Schedule III F- 62 

F - 1 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Sun Communities, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sun Communities, Inc. (a Maryland corporation) and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and schedule included under Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB"), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"), and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical audit matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Accounting for Acquisitions 
 
 The Company's strategy includes growth by acquisition. As described in footnotes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company evaluates acquisitions to determine whether the acquisition should be classified as either an asset acquisition or business combination. For asset acquisitions, the Company allocates the purchase price of these properties on a relative fair value basis and capitalizes direct acquisition related costs as part of the purchase price. Acquisitions that meet the definition of a business combination are recorded at fair value using a fair value model under which the assets and liabilities are generally recognized at their fair values and the difference between the consideration transferred, excluding transaction costs, and the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recognized as goodwill. For both asset acquisitions and business combinations, the Company allocates the purchase price to net tangible and identified intangible assets acquired, among other items, based on their fair values. In making estimates of fair values for purposes of allocating purchase price, the Company utilizes an independent third-party to value the net tangible and identified intangible assets in connection with each acquisition. The Company completed 21 acquisitions during the year for total consideration of 2.2 billion. We identified the evaluation of the measurement of the fair values of net tangible and identified intangible assets used in the purchase price allocation of certain asset acquisitions and business combinations as a critical audit matter. 

F - 2 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 The principal consideration for our determination that the evaluation of the measurement of the fair value of the net tangible and identified intangible assets used in the purchase price allocation of certain asset acquisitions and business combinations was a critical audit matter was that it involves a high degree of subjectivity in evaluating the reasonableness of management's estimates and the assumptions used in those estimates, related to the recognition and measurement of net tangible and identified intangible assets acquired. 
 
 Our audit procedures related to evaluating the fair values of net tangible and identified intangible assets used in the purchase price allocation of certain asset acquisitions and business combinations included the following, among others. We obtained an understanding and tested the design and operating effectiveness of relevant controls relating to accounting for acquisitions, such as controls over the measurement of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and consideration paid. For each acquisition, we obtained and evaluated the third-party purchase price allocation report, along with relevant supporting documentation such as the executed purchase agreement, in order to corroborate our understanding of the substance of the acquisition as well as assess the completeness of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. For a selection of asset acquisitions and business combinations, we involved our valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge to assist in evaluating the assumptions used in the relevant fair value measurements. More specifically, we assessed, through the use of our internal valuation specialist, whether (1) the values assigned to the tangible assets appeared reasonable based on a cost or market approach for similar properties in each geographic area, (2) intangible assets were properly considered, identified, and valued and (3) the significant assumptions used in valuing of certain assets were reasonable. Our overall assessment of the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated financial statements included consideration of whether such information was consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 
 
 Impairment of Investment Properties 
 
 As described in footnote 1, the Company reviews the carrying value of its long-lived assets, which includes its investment properties, for impairment on a quarterly basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate a possible impairment. Events or circumstances that may prompt a test of recoverability may include a significant decrease in the anticipated market price, an adverse change to the extent or manner in which an asset may be used or in its physical condition or other events that may significantly change the value of the long-lived asset. 
 
 The Company reviews investment properties for potential impairment primarily through an analysis of net operating income trends period over period. If any impairment indicators are identified, the Company undertakes additional analyses utilizing expected undiscounted future cash flows for identified investment properties. Forecasting of cash flows requires management to make estimates and assumptions about variables such as growth rates, forecasted net operating income, estimated holding period, development and operating expenses during the holding period, and capitalization rates. In 2022, no impairment was identified as a result of the Company's net operating income trend analysis. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that the potential impairment of investment properties subject to review as part of the net operating income trend analysis is a critical audit matter is that auditing management's evaluation of impairment is challenging due to the high degree of subjective auditor judgment necessary in evaluating management's identification of impairment indicators and determination of undiscounted cash flows for properties where impairment indicators have been identified. The significant assumptions used in the undiscounted cash flows analysis include growth rates, forecasted net operating income, estimated holding period, and capitalization rates. These assumptions can be affected by expectations about future market or economic conditions, demand, and competition. 
 
 Our audit procedures related to evaluating management's identification of impairment indicators and determination of undiscounted cash flows for properties where impairment indicators have been identified included the following, among others. We obtained an understanding of management's process to identify indicators of impairment and evaluate for recoverability when indicators of impairment were present. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the controls that address the identification of indicators of impairment and the related evaluation of recoverability, including management's review of the operations and financial performance of investment properties and preparation of undiscounted cash flow analysis. 

F - 3 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 We examined and evaluated the Company's net operating income trend analysis. When an undiscounted cash flow analysis was necessary based on the results of the net operating income trend analysis, we evaluated the significant assumptions and methods used in developing that analysis. As part of our evaluation, we assessed the historical accuracy of the Company's estimates and ability to forecast property performance. We also performed sensitivity analyses of certain significant assumptions to evaluate the changes in the undiscounted cash flows of certain properties that would result from changes in the assumptions used by management. We compared the consistency of capitalization rates used in the analysis to comparable recent acquisitions completed by the Company which have been reviewed by our valuation specialists. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2003. 

February 23, 2023 
 
 F - 4 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Sun Communities, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on internal control over financial reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Sun Communities, Inc. (a Maryland corporation) and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB"), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 February 23, 2023 
 F - 5 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In millions, except for per share amounts) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Land Land improvements and buildings Rental homes and improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Investment property Accumulated depreciation ) ) Investment property, net (see Note 7 at VIEs) 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (see Note 7 at VIEs) 
 Marketable securities (see Note 15) 
 Inventory of manufactured homes Notes and other receivables, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net (see Note 7 at VIEs) 
 Other assets, net (see Note 7 at VIEs) 
 Total Assets Liabilities Secured debt (see Note 8; Note 7 at VIEs) 
 Unsecured debt (see Note 8; Note 7 at VIEs) 
 Distributions payable Advanced reservation deposits and rent (see Note 7 at VIEs) 
 Accrued expenses and accounts payable (see Note 7 at VIEs) 
 Other liabilities (see Note 7 at VIEs) 
 Total Liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Note 16) 
 Temporary equity (see Note 9; Note 7 at VIEs) 
 Shareholders' Equity Common stock, par value. Authorized: shares; Issued and outstanding: at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income / (loss) ) Distributions in excess of accumulated earnings ) ) Total SUI shareholders' equity Noncontrolling interests Common and preferred OP units Consolidated entities (see Note 7 at VIEs) 
 Total noncontrolling interests Total Shareholders' Equity Total Liabilities, Temporary Equity and Shareholders' Equity 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F - 6 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In millions, except for per share amounts) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Revenues Real property Home sales Service, retail, dining and entertainment Interest Brokerage commissions and other, net Total Revenues Expenses Property operating and maintenance Real estate tax Home costs and selling Service, retail, dining and entertainment General and administrative Catastrophic event-related charges, net Business combinations Depreciation and amortization Loss on extinguishment of debt (see Note 8) 
 Interest Interest on mandatorily redeemable preferred OP units / equity Total Expenses Income Before Other Items Gain / (loss) on remeasurement of marketable securities (see Note 15) 
 ) Gain / (loss) on foreign currency exchanges ) Gain on dispositions of properties Other expense, net ) ) ) Gain / (loss) on remeasurement of notes receivable (see Note 4 and Note 15) 
 ) ) Income from nonconsolidated affiliates (see Note 6) 
 Loss on remeasurement of investment in nonconsolidated affiliates (see Note 6) 
 ) ) ) Current tax expense (see Note 12) 
 ) ) ) Deferred tax benefit / (expense) (see Note 12) 
 ) Net Income Less: Preferred return to preferred OP units / equity interests Less: Income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net Income Attributable to SUI Common Shareholders Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted Basic earnings per share (see Note 13) 
 Diluted earnings per share (see Note 13) 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F - 7 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In millions) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Net Income Foreign currency translation gain / (loss) adjustment ) ) Cash Flow Hedges: Change in unrealized gain on interest rate derivatives Less: interest rate derivative gain reclassified to earnings ) Net unrealized gain on interest rate derivatives Total Comprehensive Income Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Comprehensive Income attributable to SUI 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F - 8 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (In millions) 
 
 Shareholders' Equity Temporary Equity Common Stock Shares Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Distributions in Excess of Accumulated Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income / (loss) Noncontrolling Interests Total Shareholders' Equity Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Issuance of common stock and common OP units, net Common stock withheld to satisfy income tax obligations related to vesting of restricted stock awards ) ) ) ) Conversion of OP units ) Other redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Share-based compensation - amortization and forfeitures Issuance of Series E preferred OP units Issuance of Series F preferred OP units Issuance of Series G preferred OP units Redemption of Series G OP Units ) ) Issuance of Series H preferred OP units Issuance of Series I preferred OP units Foreign currency translation ) Remeasurement of notes receivable and equity method investment Net income Distributions ) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Issuance of common stock and common OP units, net Common stock withheld to satisfy income tax obligations related to vesting of restricted stock awards ) ) ) ) Conversion of OP units ) Issuance of third party equity interests in consolidated entities Other redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Share-based compensation - amortization and forfeitures Issuance of Series J preferred OP units Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Net income Distributions ) ) ) ) ) OP Units accretion ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Issuance of common stock and common OP units, net Common stock withheld to satisfy income tax obligations related to vesting of restricted stock awards 
 ) ) ) ) Conversion of OP units ) ) Issuance of third party equity interests in consolidated entities Other redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Acquisition of third party equity interest in consolidated entities ) ) ) Share-based compensation - amortization and forfeitures Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Net income Distributions ) ) ) ) ) OP Units accretion ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F - 9 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In millions) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Gain on disposition of assets ) ) ) Gain on disposition of properties ) ) ) (Gain) / loss on foreign currency exchanges ) ) (Gain) / loss on remeasurement of marketable securities (see Note 15) 
 ) ) Contingent gain ) Loss on remeasurement of contingent liabilities Catastrophic event-related impairment Share-based compensation Depreciation and amortization Deferred tax (benefit) / expense (see Note 12) 
 ) ) Other amortization and accretion ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt (see Note 8) 
 (Gain) / loss on remeasurement of notes receivable (see Note 4) 
 ) Loss on remeasurement of investment in nonconsolidated affiliates (see Note 6) 
 Income from nonconsolidated affiliates (see Note 6) 
 ) ) ) Distributions of income from nonconsolidated affiliates Cash flow hedge gains reclassified to earnings ) Proceeds from gain on derivative settlement Early lease termination Change in notes receivable from financed sales of inventory homes, net of repayments ) ) Change in inventory, other assets and other receivables, net ) ) Change in other liabilities Net Cash Provided By Operating Activities Investing Activities Investment in properties ) ) ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Proceeds from deposit on acquisition Proceeds from disposition of assets and depreciated homes, net Proceeds related to disposition of properties Issuance of notes and other receivables ) ) ) Repayments of notes and other receivables Investments in marketable securities ) ) Investments in nonconsolidated affiliates ) ) ) Distributions of capital from nonconsolidated affiliates Net Cash Used For Investing Activities ) ) ) Financing Activities Issuance and costs of common stock, OP units and preferred OP units, net Common stock withheld to satisfy income tax obligations related to vesting of restricted stock awards ) ) ) Redemption of Series G preferred OP units ) Borrowings on lines of credit Payments on lines of credit ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of other debt Contributions from noncontrolling interest Payments on other debt ) ) ) Payments on financial liability ) Fees paid in connection with extinguishment of debt ) ) ) Distributions ) ) ) Payments for deferred financing costs ) ) ) Payment of contingent liability ) Distributions for redemption of noncontrolling interests ) Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, End of Period 
 F - 10 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Supplemental Information Cash paid for interest (net of capitalized interest of , and , respectively) 
 Cash paid for interest on mandatorily redeemable debt Cash paid for income taxes Noncash investing and financing activities Change in distributions declared and outstanding Conversion of common and preferred OP units Assets held for sale Common OP units issued for redemption of noncontrolling interests ROU asset obtained from new operating lease liabilities Release of note receivable and accrued interest Noncash investing and financing activities at the date of acquisition Acquisitions - Common stock and OP units issued Acquisitions - Debt Acquisitions - Series E preferred interest Acquisitions - Series F preferred interest Acquisitions - Series G preferred interest Acquisitions - Series H preferred interest Acquisitions - Series I preferred interest Acquisitions - Series J preferred interest Acquisitions - Holdback Acquisitions - Deferred liability Acquisitions - Finance lease liabilities Acquisitions - Financial liabilities Acquisitions - Deferred tax liabilities 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F - 11 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 1. Significant Accounting Policies 
 
 MH and RV communities and marinas (collectively, the "properties") located in the U.S., the UK, and Canada, including MH communities, RV communities, and marinas. As of December 31, 2022, the properties contained an aggregate of developed sites comprised of developed MH sites, annual RV sites (inclusive of both annual and seasonal usage rights), transient RV sites, and Marina wet slips and dry storage spaces. 

Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified on our Consolidated Financial Statements to conform with current year presentation, with no effect on net income. These include reclassification of certain revenues and expenses between Real property and Service, retail, dining and entertainment within our Marina segment. There was no impact to prior period net income, shareholders equity or cash flows for any of the reclassifications. Further, the reclassification had no impact on previously reported total marina net operating income ("NOI"). 

F - 12 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 real estate assets held for sale as of December 31, 2022. Within Other assets, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, was million of real estate held for sale at property, as of December 31, 2021. 

F - 13 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Secured debt - deferred financing cost Secured debt ) ) Senior unsecured note - discount Unsecured debt ) ) Senior unsecured note - deferred financing cost Unsecured debt ) ) Lines of credit - deferred financing costs 
 Lines of credit and other debts 
 ) Total Deferred financing costs, discounts and premium included in Debt 
 ) ) Lines of credit - deferred financing costs 
 Other assets, net Total Deferred financing costs, discounts and premium 
 ) ) 
 
 million and million of cash and cash equivalents, respectively, was included as a component of Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The maximum amount of credit risk arising from cash deposits in excess of federally insured amounts was approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The maximum amount of credit risk arising from Park Holidays' cash deposits in excess of insured amounts through the Financial Services Compensation Scheme ("FSCS") was approximately million million) as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 million and million of restricted cash, respectively, was included as a component of Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in the restricted cash are reported in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as operating, investing or financing activities based on the nature of the underlying activity. Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents are included with cash and cash equivalents in the reconciliation of the beginning of period and the end of period cash balance on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 F - 14 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The values of marketable securities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively, and are disclosed on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 and (b) our investment is passive. Our exposure to losses associated with nonconsolidated joint ventures is primarily limited to the carrying value of these investments. Accordingly, distributions from a joint venture in excess of our carrying value are recognized in earnings. We review the carrying value of our investments in nonconsolidated affiliates for other than temporary impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate a possible impairment. Financial condition, operational performance and other economic trends are among the factors we consider when we evaluate the existence of impairment indicators. Refer to Note 6, "Investments in Nonconsolidated Affiliates," for additional information. 
 
 F - 15 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 to days past due. In the UK, annual rents are noticed in full during the fourth quarter and due by January 31st of the following year. Payment can be made upfront or in monthly installments. Accounts receivable are reviewed regularly for collectability, with related reserves set annually for outstanding receivables. 
 
 Refer to Note 4, "Notes and Other Receivables," for additional detail on receivables. 
 
 billion and million of goodwill from the acquisitions accounted for as business combinations, respectively. The goodwill is attributable to the intellectual capital and going concern value of the acquired businesses. 
 
 Goodwill is deductible for income tax purposes. As such, the goodwill portion allocated to our U.S. taxable REIT subsidiaries will reduce their taxable income. However, the resulting tax benefits will be offset by a valuation allowance. Goodwill allocated to the UK taxable REIT subsidiaries will reduce their U.S. dividends to the REIT in the future. Given that REITs do not customarily report any taxable income (due to the dividends paid deduction), we do not expect any significant tax benefits arising from the goodwill allocable to the REIT. 
 
 The carrying amount of goodwill is separately disclosed on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Refer to Note 5, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets," for additional information on goodwill. 
 
 We account for implementation costs in a hosting arrangement in accordance with ASU 2018-15, " Intangibles Goodwill and Other Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer's Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract (a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force) ," which aligns requirements for capitalizing implementation costs in a hosting arrangement as a service contract with internally developed software, and expense capitalized costs of the hosting arrangement over the term of the arrangement. 

F - 16 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 year useful life. Trademarks and trade names with finite lives are amortized over their useful life. Trademarks and trade names with indefinite-lives are not amortized. Trademarks and trade names are reviewed for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently if indicators of impairment are identified. We first review qualitative factors to determine if a quantitative impairment test is necessary. If the qualitative assessment reveals that it's "more likely than not" that the asset is impaired, a calculation of the fair value is performed and the asset is written down to its implied fair value, if it is lower than its carrying amount. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying amounts of trademarks and trade names related to acquisitions accounted for as business combinations were million and million, respectively. 
 
 The carrying amounts of the other identified intangible assets are included in Other intangible assets, net on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Refer to Note 5, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets," for additional information on other intangible assets. 

Temporary Equity 
 
 Temporary equity includes preferred securities that are redeemable for cash at the option of the holder or upon the occurrence of an event that is not solely within our control based on a fixed or determinable price. These preferred securities are not mandatorily redeemable for cash nor do they contain a fixed maturity date. Temporary equity is classified between Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

F - 17 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F - 18 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million and million, respectively, of receivables from contracts with customers, which consists of home sales proceeds, and are presented as a component of Notes and other receivables, net on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. These receivables represent balances owed to us for previously completed performance obligations for sales of manufactured homes. We report real estate taxes collected from residents and remitted to taxing authorities in revenue. 
 
 Service, retail, dining and entertainment revenue - is primarily composed of proceeds from restaurant, golf, merchandise, retail, fuel, service and other activities at our RV communities and marinas, and is accounted for in accordance with ASC 606. Revenues are recognized at the point of sale when control of the good or service transfers to the customer and our performance obligation has been satisfied. In addition, Marina rental income, which includes boat rentals is earned when the customer takes control of the good or service and is included in Service, retail, dining and entertainment revenue. Sales and other taxes that we collect concurrent with revenue-producing activities are excluded from the transaction price. 
 
 Interest income - is earned primarily on our notes receivable, which include installment notes receivables on manufactured homes purchased by us from loan originators and notes receivable from real estate developers and operators. Interest income on these receivables is accrued based on the unpaid principal balances of the underlying loans on a level yield basis over the life of the loans. Interest income is not in the scope of ASC 606. Refer to Note 4, "Notes and Other Receivables," for additional information. 
 
 Brokerage commissions and other - comprise (a) brokerage commissions for sales of manufactured homes at our MH and RV communities, and (b) brokerage commissions at our marinas, where we act as agent and arrange for a third party to transfer a manufactured home, a park model or a boat to a customer within one of our properties. Brokerage commission revenues are accounted for in accordance with ASC 606 and are recognized on a net basis at closing, when the transaction is completed and our performance obligations have been fulfilled. Other revenues primarily include prepaid rent adjustments, proceeds from business interruption, dividend income and management fee earned from managing third-party-owned holiday parks and third-party-owned marinas. 
 
 million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 F - 19 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 to years depending upon the asset classification. 
 
 Asset Class Useful Life Land improvements and buildings years 
 - years 
 Rental homes years 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment years 
 - years 
 Computer hardware and software years 
 - years 
 Dock improvements years 
 - years 
 Site improvements years 
 - years 
 Leasehold improvements Lesser of lease term or useful life of assets Goodwill Indefinite In-place leases (including slip in-place leases) months 
 - years 
 Non-competition agreements years 
 Trademarks and trade names Various (1) 
 Customer relationships years 
 - years 
 Franchise agreements and other intangible assets year 
 - years 
 
 (1) All trademarks and trade names have an indefinite life or a three to year useful life as of the acquisition date. 
 
 million as compared to a foreign currency exchange loss of million and a foreign currency exchange gain of million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 years or less. The risk being hedged is the interest rate risk related to forecasted transactions and outstanding floating rate debt. We assess the effectiveness of the derivative instruments in hedging the underlying interest rate exposure both at inception and on an ongoing basis. The unrealized gains or losses on the derivative instruments are recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income / (loss) and are reclassified to Interest expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations during the same period in which the hedged transaction affects earnings. We estimate that million will be reclassified as a reduction to Interest expense over the next 12 months for all of our outstanding cash flow hedges. Cash flow from these derivative instruments is classified in the same category as the cash flow items being hedged on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Refer to Note 14, "Derivative Financial Instruments," for additional information regarding derivative activity. 
 
 F - 20 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 impairment losses. Refer to Note 17, "Leases," for information regarding leasing activities. 
 
 F - 21 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F - 22 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 2. Revenue 
 
 Home sales 
 Service, retail, dining and entertainment 
 Interest 
 Brokerage commissions and other, net 
 Total Revenues 
 
 Our revenue consists of real property revenue at our MH, RV and Marina properties, revenue from Home sales, Service, retail, dining and entertainment revenue, Interest income, and Brokerage commissions and other revenue. 
 
 The majority of our revenue is derived from site and home leases, and wet slip and dry storage space leases that are accounted for pursuant to ASC 842, " Leases ." We account for all revenue from contracts with customers following ASC 606, " Revenue from Contracts with Customers ," except for those that are within the scope of other topics in the FASB ASC. For additional information, refer to Note 1, "Significant Accounting Policies." 
 
 F - 23 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 3. Real Estate Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 
 MD January Outer Banks Marina: asset acquisition NC January Jarrett Bay Boatworks Marina: business combination NC February Tower Marine Marina: asset acquisition MI March Sandy Bay MH: asset acquisition UK March Park Holidays (3) 
 MH: business combination UK April Christies Parks (2) 
 MH: asset acquisition UK April Bluewater Marina: asset acquisition Multiple April Bluewater Yacht Sales (2) 
 Marina: business combination Multiple April Bodmin Holiday Park MH: asset acquisition UK April Kittery Point Marina: asset acquisition ME May Spanish Trails MHC MH: asset acquisition AZ June Pine Acre Trails MH: asset acquisition TX June Bel Air Estates Sunrise Estates (4) 
 MH: asset acquisition CA June Park Leisure (5) 
 MH: business combination UK June Montauk Yacht Club Marina: business combination NY July Callaly Leisure (6) 
 MH: asset acquisition UK September Newhaven MH: asset acquisition UK October Bayfront Marina Marina: asset acquisition CA November Marina Bay Yacht Harbor Marina: asset acquisition CA December Jellystone Lincoln RV: asset acquisition DE December Norway Commons MH: asset acquisition ME December Total 
 (1) Property names are subject to changes subsequent to acquisition. 
 (2) Combined with an existing property. 
 (3) Includes owned and managed properties. 
 (4) Includes properties. 
 (5) Includes properties. 
 (6) Includes development property. 
 
 F - 24 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Outer Banks ) Tower Marine ) Sandy Bay ) Christies Parks (4) 
 Bluewater Bodmin Holiday Park Kittery Point ) Spanish Trails MHC Pine Acre Trails Bel Air Estates Sunrise Estates Callaly Leisure 
 ) Newhaven (5) 
 Bayfront Marina ) Marina Bay Yacht Harbor ) Jellystone Lincoln (5)(6) 
 Norway Commons (5) 
 Business Combinations (3) 
 Jarrett Bay Boatworks (7)(8) 
 Park Holidays (7)(9) 
 ) Park Leisure (7) 
 ) Montauk Yacht Club 
 Total ) 
 (1) Refer to Note 5, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets," for additional detail on goodwill and other intangible assets. 
 (2) Refer to Note 9, "Equity and Temporary Equity," for additional detail. 
 (3) Property names are subject to changes subsequent to acquisition. 
 (4) Combined with an existing property. 
 (5) The above allocations are estimates pending purchase price allocations. 
 (6) In December 2020, we entered into a loan agreement pursuant to which we extended credit to Blue Water to finance the construction of Jellystone Lincoln (the "RV Park"). In December 2022, we entered into a purchase and sale agreement pursuant to which we purchased the RV Park for cash consideration of million, which was applied toward the existing Blue Water loan balance of million, and the remaining loan balance of million was forgiven. Upon acquisition of the RV Park, we agreed to loan Blue Water an amount equal to million, accounted as consideration based on the loan forgiveness terms. Additional consideration for vacation rental units of million, resulted in a total purchase price of million. In addition, we entered into a lease agreement pursuant to which Blue Water will pay rent to us and continue to operate the park. 
 (7) The Purchase price allocation is preliminary as of December 31, 2022, subject to revision based on the final purchase price allocations to be finalized one year from the acquisition date. 
 (8) The balance includes the marina acquired in February and the yacht sales business acquired in April of which million was recorded in Investment property, million in Goodwill and other intangible assets, and million in Other assets / (liabilities), net. 
 (9) Includes acquired intangible assets subject to amortization of million with a weighted average amortization period of years, consisting of trademarks and trade names, customer relationships and other intangible assets. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had incurred and capitalized million of transaction costs, which have been allocated among various fixed asset categories for purchases that meet the asset acquisition criteria. As of December 31, 2022, we also incurred million of business combination expenses, which are expensed for acquisitions deemed to be business combinations. 

F - 25 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Net income 
 
 The following unaudited pro forma financial information presents the results of our operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as if the properties combined through business combinations in 2022 had been acquired on January 1, 2021. The unaudited pro forma results reflect certain adjustments for items that are not expected to have a continuing impact, such as adjustments for transaction costs incurred, management fees and acquisition accounting. 
 
 Net income attributable to SUI common shareholders Net income per share attributable to SUI common shareholders - basic Net income per share attributable to SUI common shareholders - diluted 
 
 Development and Expansion Activities 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we acquired land parcels located in the U.S. and the UK for an aggregate purchase price of million and buildings and land parcels related to our marinas located in the U.S. for an aggregate purchase price of million. 
 
 Dispositions 
 
 Management continually evaluates properties within the portfolio for potential disposition opportunities. When a given property no longer fits our desired growth profile, we seek to redeploy capital to properties and geographies fit to provide greater future returns. From time to time, strategic reductions to the portfolio are deemed necessary to reduce exposure to less desirable locations, and support long-term positioning of the Company. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2022, we sold an RV community containing sites located in California for million. The disposition resulted in a loss on sale of million, inclusive of selling costs. This property, together with a second property, was intended to be part of a combined sale as the properties originally qualified as held for sale in July 2022. However, the sale of the second property was not completed, and as such, the properties no longer qualified as held for sale as of September 30, 2022. Accordingly, the second property was classified as held for investment at September 30, 2022 on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2022, we sold MH communities and community containing MH and RV sites, each located in Florida, with a total of sites for million. The gain from the sale of the properties was million. 
 
 2021 Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 
 NY January Blue Water Beach Resort RV: asset acquisition UT February Tranquility MHC MH: asset acquisition FL February 
 F - 26 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FL February Prime Martha's Vineyard (2) 
 Marina: asset acquisition MA March Pleasant Beach Campground RV: asset acquisition ON, Canada March Sun Outdoors Cape Charles RV: asset acquisition VA March Beachwood Resort RV: asset acquisition WA March ThemeWorld RV Resort RV: asset acquisition FL April Sylvan Glen Estates MH: asset acquisition MI April Shelter Island Boatyard Marina: asset acquisition CA May Lauderdale Marine Center Marina: asset acquisition FL May Apponaug Harbor Marina: asset acquisition RI June Cabrillo Isle Marina: business combination CA June Marathon Marina: asset acquisition FL June Allen Harbor Marina: asset acquisition RI July Cisco Grove Campground RV RV: asset acquisition CA July Four Leaf Portfolio (3) 
 MH: asset acquisition MI / IN July Harborage Yacht Club Marina: asset acquisition FL July Zeman Portfolio (4) 
 RV: asset acquisition IL / NJ July Southern Leisure RV Resort RV: asset acquisition FL August Sunroad Marina Marina: asset acquisition CA August Lazy Lakes RV Resort RV: asset acquisition FL August Puerto del Rey Marina: asset acquisition Puerto Rico September Stingray Point Marina: asset acquisition VA September Detroit River Marina: asset acquisition MI September Jetstream RV Resort at NASA RV: asset acquisition TX September Beaver Brook Campground RV: asset acquisition ME October Emerald Coast Marina: business combination FL November Tall Pines Harbor Campground RV: asset acquisition VA November Wells Beach Resort Campground RV: asset acquisition ME November Port Royal Marina: asset acquisition SC November Podickory Point Marina: asset acquisition MD December Sunroad Marina (restaurant) Marina: asset acquisition CA December Jellystone Park at Mammoth Cave RV: asset acquisition KY December South Bay Marina: asset acquisition CA December Wentworth by the Sea Marina: asset acquisition NH December Rocky Mountain RV Park RV: asset acquisition MT December Haas Lake RV Park Campground RV: asset acquisition MI December Pearwood RV Resort RV: asset acquisition TX December Holly Shores Camping Resort RV: asset acquisition NJ December Pheasant Ridge RV Park RV: asset acquisition OR December Coyote Ranch Resort RV: asset acquisition TX December Jellystone Park at Whispering Pines RV: asset acquisition TX December Hospitality Creek Campground RV: asset acquisition NJ December Total 
 (1) Property names are subject to changes subsequent to acquisition. 
 (2) Includes marinas. 
 (3) Includes MH communities. 
 (4) Includes RV Resorts. 
 
 F - 27 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 ) Blue Water Beach Resort ) Tranquility MHC Islamorada and Angler House ) Prime Martha's Vineyard ) Pleasant Beach Campground Sun Outdoors Cape Charles ) Beachwood Resort ) ThemeWorld RV Resort ) Sylvan Glen Estates ) ) Shelter Island Boatyard ) Lauderdale Marine Center Apponaug Harbor ) Marathon ) Allen Harbor ) Cisco Grove Campground RV Four Leaf Portfolio ) Harborage Yacht Club ) Zeman Portfolio ) Southern Leisure RV Resort ) Sunroad Marina (3) 
 Lazy Lakes RV Resort ) Puerto del Rey ) Stingray Point ) Detroit River ) Jetstream RV Resort at NASA ) Beaver Brook Campground Tall Pines Harbor Campground Wells Beach Resort Campground Port Royal ) Podickory Point ) Jellystone Park at Mammoth Cave ) South Bay ) Wentworth by the Sea ) Rocky Mountain RV Park Haas Lake RV Park Campground Pearwood RV Resort 
 F - 28 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 ) Pheasant Ridge RV Park Coyote Ranch Resort ) Jellystone Park at Whispering Pines ) Hospitality Creek Campground (4) 
 ) Business Combination (2) 
 Cabrillo Isle ) Emerald Coast ) Total 
 (1) Refer to Note 5, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets," for additional detail on goodwill and other intangible assets. 
 (2) Property names are subject to changes subsequent to acquisition. 
 (3) The balance includes the marina acquired in August and the restaurant acquired in December of which million was recorded in Investment property and million in Other assets / (liabilities), net. 
 (4) The allocation was estimated as of December 2021 and was adjusted as of March 2022, based on final purchase price allocation. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, we incurred million of transaction costs, which were capitalized and allocated among the various fixed asset categories for purchases that meet the asset acquisition criteria. As of December 31, 2021, we also incurred million of business combination expenses, which were expensed for acquisitions deemed to be business combinations. 
 
 Net income 
 
 The following unaudited pro forma financial information presents the results of our operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, as if the properties combined through business combinations in 2021 had been acquired on January 1, 2020. The unaudited pro forma results reflect certain adjustments for items that are not expected to have a continuing impact, such as adjustments for transaction costs incurred, management fees and acquisition accounting. 
 
 Net income attributable to SUI common shareholders Net income per share attributable to SUI common shareholders - basic Net income per share attributable to SUI common shareholders - diluted 
 
 Land for Expansion / Development 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we acquired land parcels, which are located across the U.S. and the UK for a total purchase price of million. 
 
 F - 29 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

) 
 (1) The allocation was preliminary as of December 31, 2021, and was adjusted as of March 2022 based on the final purchase price allocation. 
 
 Dispositions 
 
 In July 2021, we sold MH communities located in Indiana and Missouri, containing a combined sites, for million. The gain from the sale of the properties was million. 
 
 In August 2021, we sold MH communities located in Arizona, Illinois and Missouri, containing a combined sites, for million. The gain from the sale of the properties was million. 
 
 Refer to Note 20, "Subsequent Events," for information regarding acquisitions and dispositions completed after December 31, 2022. 

4. Notes and Other Receivables 
 
 Notes receivable from real estate developers and operators Other receivables, net Total Notes and Other Receivables, net 
 
 Installment Notes Receivable on Manufactured Homes 
 
 Installment notes receivable are measured at fair value, using indicative pricing models from third party valuation specialists, in accordance with ASC Topic 820, " Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ." The balances of installment notes receivable of million (net of fair value adjustment of million) and million (net of fair value adjustment of million) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are secured by manufactured homes. The notes represent financing to purchasers of manufactured homes located in our communities and require monthly principal and interest payments. The notes had a net weighted average interest rate (net of servicing costs) and maturity of and years as of December 31, 2022, and and years as of December 31, 2021, respectively. Refer to Note 15, "Fair Value of Financial Instruments," for additional detail. 
 
 Notes Receivable from Real Estate Developers and Operators 
 
 Notes receivable from real estate developers and operators are measured at fair value, using indicative pricing models from third party valuation specialists, in accordance with ASC Topic 820, " Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ." As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the notes receivable balances are comprised primarily of a loan provided to a real estate operator to finance its acquisition and development costs, and construction loans provided to real estate developers. The notes receivable from real estate developers and operators had a net weighted average interest rate and maturity of and years as of December 31, 2022, and and years as of December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 In February 2023, the maturity date on million of notes receivable due in December 2022 was extended to May 31, 2023. Refer to Note 20, "Subsequent Events," for additional information regarding notes receivable activity after December 31, 2022. 
 
 F - 30 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million of undrawn funds on their loans. There were no adjustments to the fair value of notes receivable from real estate developers and operators for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Refer to Note 15, "Fair Value of Financial Instruments," for additional information. 
 
 Other Receivables, net 
 
 MH and annual RV residents for rent, utility charges, fees and other pass-through charges, net (1) 
 Marina customers for storage, service and lease payments, net (2) 
 Home sale proceeds 
 Other receivables (3) 
 Total Other Receivables, net 
 (1) Net of allowance of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Net of allowance of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (3) Includes receivable from Rezplot Systems LLC, a nonconsolidated affiliate, in which we had and ownership interest as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In June 2020, we made a convertible secured loan to Rezplot Systems LLC. The note allows for a principal amount of up to million to be drawn down over a period of , bears an interest rate of and is secured by all the assets of Rezplot Systems LLC. In January 2022, we made an additional loan to Rezplot Systems LLC that allows for a principal amount of up to million to be drawn over a period of and bears an interest rate of . The outstanding balances were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Refer to Note 6, "Investments in Nonconsolidated Affiliates," for additional information on Rezplot Systems LLC. 

5. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 

) RV Marina Total ) (5) 
 
 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded goodwill of million in the Marina segment related to the acquisition of Emerald Coast and Cabrillo Isle, primarily attributed to enterprise value and the assembled workforce value associated with existing operations. 
 (2) During the year ended December 31, 2021, Adjustments in purchase price allocations resulted in goodwill increase of million in the Marina segment, related to the acquisition of Safe Harbor marina. 
 (3) During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded goodwill of million in the MH segment related to the acquisition of Park Holidays, primarily attributed to the acquired platform and assembled workforce value associated with the scale of Park Holidays' existing operations in the UK. Additionally, we recorded goodwill of million in the Marina segment related to the acquisition of Jarrett Bay Boatworks and Montauk Yacht Club, primarily attributed to enterprise value and the assembled workforce value associated with existing operations, and million in the RV segment related to the acquisition of Leisure Systems, Inc, primarily attributed to its licensing arrangements, ability to obtain new franchise relationships and assembled workforce. 
 (4) During the year ended December 31, 2022, adjustments in purchase price allocations resulted in goodwill increase of million in the MH segment, related to the acquisition of Park Holidays. 
 (5) During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized goodwill from acquisitions of million and million, respectively, which is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 F - 31 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 months - years 
 ) ) Non-competition agreements years ) ) Trademarks and trade names - years 
 ) ) Customer relationships - years 
 ) ) Franchise agreements and other intangible assets - years 
 ) ) Total finite-lived assets ) ) Indefinite-lived assets - Trademarks and trade names N/A Indefinite-lived assets - Other N/A Total indefinite-lived assets Total ) ) 
 
 Non-competition agreements Trademarks and trade names Customer relationships Franchise fees and other intangible assets Total 
 
 Non-competition agreements Trademarks and trade names Customer relationships Franchise agreements and other intangible assets Total 
 
 F - 32 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 6. Investments in Nonconsolidated Affiliates 
 
 and ownership interest, respectively, in RezPlot, a RV reservation software technology company, which interest we acquired in January 2019. 
 
 Sungenia joint venture ("Sungenia JV") 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had a ownership interest in Sungenia JV, a joint venture formed between us and Ingenia Communities Group in November 2018, to establish and grow a manufactured housing community development program in Australia. 
 
 GTSC LLC ("GTSC") 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had a ownership interest in GTSC, which engages in acquiring, holding and selling loans secured, directly or indirectly, by manufactured homes located in our communities. 
 
 Origen Financial Services, LLC ("OFS") 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had ownership interest and a ownership interest, respectively, in OFS, an end-to-end online resident screening and document management suite. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold our ownership interest in OFS for million. The gain from the sale was million, which was recorded within Income from nonconsolidated affiliates on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 SV Lift, LLC ("SV Lift") 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had a ownership interest in SV Lift, which owns, operates and leases an aircraft. 
 
 Investment in Sungenia JV Investment in GTSC Investment in OFS Investment in SV Lift Total 
 
 The income / (loss) from each nonconsolidated affiliate is as follows (in millions): 
 
 Year Ended Income / (Loss) from Nonconsolidated Affiliates December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 RezPlot equity loss ) ) ) Sungenia JV equity income GTSC equity income OFS equity income SV Lift equity loss ) ) ) Total equity income 

F - 33 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Contributions Distributions ) ) Equity earnings Fair value adjustment ) ) Ending Balance 
 
 The change in the Sungenia JV investment balance is as follows (in millions): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Beginning balance Cumulative translation adjustment ) ) Contributions Equity earnings Ending Balance 

7. Consolidated Variable Interest Entities 
 
 ownership interest in the joint venture and we concluded that SHM South Fork JV, LLC was no longer a VIE. The acquisition was accounted for as an equity transaction in accordance with ASC Topic 810, " Consolidation ," with the difference between the purchase price and the noncontrolling interest of million recorded as a decrease to Additional Paid-in Capital on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2022, we acquired the noncontrolling equity interest held by third parties in Rudgate Village SPE LLC, Rudgate Clinton SPE LLC and Rudgate Clinton Estates, LLC (collectively, "Rudgate"), an MH community, which resulted in the Company owning a ownership interest in Rudgate. We concluded that Rudgate was no longer a VIE. The acquisition was accounted for as an equity transaction in accordance with ASC Topic 810, " Consolidation ," with the difference between the purchase price and the acquired noncontrolling interest of million recorded as an increase to Additional Paid-in Capital on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Refer to Note 9, "Equity and Temporary Equity," for additional information. 
 F - 34 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Other intangible assets, net Other assets, net Total Assets Liabilities and Other Equity Secured debt Unsecured debt Advanced reservation deposits and rent Accrued expenses and accounts payable Other liabilities Total Liabilities Temporary equity Noncontrolling interests Total Liabilities and Other Equity 
 
 Total assets related to the consolidated VIEs, with the exception of the Operating Partnership, comprised and of our consolidated total assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total liabilities comprised and of our consolidated total liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Equity Interests and Noncontrolling interests related to the consolidated VIEs, on an absolute basis, comprised less than of our consolidated total equity at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

8. Debt and Line of Credit 
 
 Unsecured Debt Senior unsecured notes (2) 
 Line of credit and other debt (3) 
 Preferred equity - Sun NG Resorts - mandatorily redeemable Preferred OP units - mandatorily redeemable Total Unsecured Debt Total Debt 
 (1) Balances at December 31, 2022 and 2021 include million and million of net debt premium, respectively, and ) million and ) million of deferred financing costs, respectively. 
 (2) Balances at December 31, 2022 and 2021 include ) million and ) million of net debt discount, respectively, and ) million and ) million of deferred financing costs, respectively. Weighted average interest rates include the impact of hedge activity. 
 (3) Balance at December 31, 2022 and 2021 includes ) million and of deferred financing costs, respectively. Weighted average interest rates include the impact of hedge activity. 
 
 F - 35 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(1) 
 December 6, 2022 - September 6, 2024 Three months ended June 30, 2022 October 1, 2022 Three months ended December 31, 2021 (2) 
 February 1, 2022 
 (1) Includes mortgage term loans which were scheduled to mature from December 6, 2022 to September 6, 2024 that are secured by properties. 
 (2) Includes mortgage term loans which were scheduled to mature on February 1, 2022. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we entered into the following mortgage term loans during the quarters presented below (in millions, except for statistical information). 
 
 (1) 
 - 
 June 15, 2026 - 
 December 15, 2029 
 Three months ended September 30, 2022 (2)(4) 
 August 10, 2047 
 (3)(4) 
 August 10, 2047 
 
 (1) Includes existing encumbered properties. Refer to Note 20, "Subsequent Events," for information regarding additional mortgage term loans entered into subsequent to year end. 
 (2) Represents a construction loan (undrawn as of December 31, 2022). 
 (3) Represents mortgage term loan. 
 (4) Represents loans jointly secured by property. 
 
 The mortgage term loans, which total billion as of December 31, 2022, are secured by properties comprised of sites representing approximately billion of net book value. 
 
 Unsecured Debt 
 
 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 
 In April 2022, the Operating Partnership issued million of senior unsecured notes with an interest rate of and a -year term, due April 15, 2032 (the "2032 Notes"). Interest on the 2032 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year, beginning on October 15, 2022. The net proceeds from the offering were million after deducting underwriters' discounts and estimated offering expenses. We used the net proceeds from the offering to repay borrowings outstanding under our Senior Credit Facility (as defined below). 
 
 In October 2021, the Operating Partnership issued million of senior unsecured notes with an interest rate of and a term, due November 1, 2028 (the "2028 Notes"). Interest on the 2028 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning on May 1, 2022. The Operating Partnership also issued an additional million of its 2031 Notes (as defined below). The net proceeds from both offerings were approximately million after deducting underwriters' discounts and estimated offering expenses. The proceeds were used to pay down borrowings under our Senior Credit Facility. 
 
 In June 2021, the Operating Partnership issued million of senior unsecured notes with an interest rate of and a -year term, due July 15, 2031 (the "2031 Notes"). Interest on the 2031 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, beginning on January 15, 2022. The net proceeds from the offering were approximately million, after deducting underwriters' discounts and estimated offering expenses. The proceeds were used to pay down borrowings under our Senior Credit Facility. 
 
 The total outstanding principal balance of senior unsecured notes was billion at December 31, 2022. This balance is recorded in the Unsecured debt line item on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 F - 36 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 billion with the ability to upsize the total borrowings by an additional million, subject to certain conditions. The increased aggregate amount under the Senior Credit Facility consists of the following: (a) a revolving loan in an amount up to billion and (b) a term loan facility of billion, with the ability to draw funds from the combined facilities in U.S. dollars, Pounds sterling, Euros, Canadian dollars and Australian dollars, subject to certain limitations. The Credit Facility Amendment extended the maturity date of the revolving loan facility to April 7, 2026. At our option that maturity date may be extended two additional six-month periods. In addition, the Credit Facility Amendment established the maturity date of the term loan facility under the Credit Facility Amendment as April 7, 2025, which may not be further extended. 
 
 Prior to the Credit Facility Amendment, the Senior Credit Facility permitted aggregate borrowings of up to billion, with an accordion feature that allowed for additional commitments of up to billion, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. Prior to the amendment, million of available borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility were scheduled to mature on October 11, 2024, with the remainder scheduled to mature on June 14, 2025. We had no loss on extinguishment of debt during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized losses on extinguishment of debt in our Consolidated Statements of Operations of million related to the amendment of the Senior Credit Facility, and million and million, related to the termination of our million credit facility and the billion credit facility between Safe Harbor and certain lenders, respectively. 
 
 The Senior Credit Facility bears interest at a floating rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR, the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate, the Daily RFR, the Australian BBSY, the Daily SONIA Rate or the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate, as applicable, plus a margin, in all cases, which can range from to , subject to certain adjustments. As of December 31, 2022, the margins based on our credit ratings were on the revolving loan facility and on the term loan facility. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we achieved sustainability related requirements resulting in a favorable adjustment to both margins. 
 
 At the lenders' option, the Senior Credit Facility will become immediately due and payable upon an event of default under the Credit Facility Agreement. We had billion of borrowings outstanding under the revolving loan and billion of borrowings outstanding under the term loan on the Senior Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022. We had billion of revolving borrowings on our prior Senior Credit Facility as of December 31, 2021. These balances are recorded in Unsecured debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The Senior Credit Facility provides us with the ability to issue letters of credit. Our issuance of letters of credit does not increase our borrowings outstanding under the Senior Credit Facility, but does reduce the borrowing amount available. We had million and million of outstanding letters of credit at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Bridge Loan Termination 
 
 In March 2022, we terminated our commitment letter with Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. ("Citigroup"), pursuant to which, Citigroup (on behalf of its affiliates), previously committed to lend us up to million, or approximately billion converted at the March 31, 2022 exchange rate (the "Bridge Loan"). As of the date of termination, we did not have any borrowings outstanding under the Bridge Loan. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a Loss on extinguishment of debt in our Consolidated Statement of Operations of million related to the termination of the Bridge Loan. 
 
 F - 37 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million secured term loan facility related to an acquisition. The term loan initially had a term ending October 29, 2023, and bore interest at a floating rate based on the Eurodollar rate or Prime rate plus a margin ranging from to . Effective July 1, 2021, the agreement was amended to release the associated collateral. The amendment extended the term loan facility maturity date to October 29, 2025 and adjusted the interest rate margin to a range from to . In August 2022, we amended the secured term loan facility to transition from the Eurodollar rate to SOFR. As of December 31, 2022, the margin based on our credit rating was . The outstanding balance was million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021, respectively. In accordance with the amended agreement, we achieved sustainability related requirements resulting in a favorable 0.01 adjustment to the margins. These balances are recorded in Unsecured debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Preferred Equity - Sun NG Resorts - Mandatorily Redeemable 
 
 In connection with the investment in Sun NG Resorts in June 2018, million of mandatorily redeemable Preferred Equity ("Preferred Equity - Sun NG Resorts") was purchased by unrelated third parties. The Preferred Equity - Sun NG Resorts carries a preferred rate of return of per annum. The Preferred Equity - Sun NG Resorts has a term ending June 1, 2025 and can be redeemed in the fourth quarter of 2024 at the holders' option. The Preferred Equity - Sun NG Resorts as of December 31, 2022 was million. This balance is recorded within the Unsecured debt line item on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Refer to Note 7, "Consolidated Variable Interest Entities," and Note 9, "Equity and Temporary Equity," for additional information. 
 
 Preferred OP Units - Mandatorily Redeemable 
 
 Preferred OP units at December 31, 2022 and 2021 include million and million of Aspen preferred OP units issued by the Operating Partnership, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, these units are convertible indirectly into shares of our common stock. 
 
 In January 2020, we amended the Operating Partnership's partnership agreement. The amendment extended the automatic redemption date and reduced the annual distribution rate for of the Aspen preferred OP units (the "Extended Units"). Subject to certain limitations, at any time prior to January 1, 2024 (or prior to January 1, 2034 with respect to the Extended Units), the holder of each Aspen preferred OP unit at its option may convert such Aspen preferred OP unit into: (a) if the average closing price of our common stock for the preceding ten trading days is per share or less, common OP units; or (b) if the 10-day average closing price is greater than per share, the number of common OP units is determined by dividing (i) the sum of (A) plus (B) of the amount by which the ten-day average closing price exceeds per share, by (ii) the 10-day average closing price. The current preferred distribution rate is on the Extended Units and on all other Aspen preferred OP units. On January 2, 2024 (or January 2, 2034 with respect to the Extended Units), we are required to redeem for cash all Aspen preferred OP units that have not been converted to common OP units. As of December 31, 2022, of the Extended Units and other Aspen preferred units were outstanding. These balances are recorded within the Unsecured debt line item on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Covenants 
 
 The mortgage term loans, senior unsecured notes and Senior Credit Facility are subject to various financial and other covenants. The most restrictive covenants are pursuant to (a) the terms of the Senior Credit Facility, which contains a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, maximum leverage ratio, distribution ratio and variable rate indebtedness, and (b) the terms of the senior unsecured notes, which contain a total debt to total assets ratio, secured debt to total assets ratio, consolidated income available for debt service to debt service ratio and unencumbered total asset value to unsecured debt covenants ratio. At December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants. 
 
 In addition, certain of our subsidiary borrowers own properties that secure loans. These subsidiaries are consolidated within our accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements, however, each of these subsidiaries' assets and credit are not available to satisfy our debts and other obligations, and any of our other subsidiaries or any other person or entity. 
 
 F - 38 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Principal amortization Secured debt total Unsecured Debt Senior unsecured notes Line of credit and other debt Preferred equity - Sun NG Resorts - mandatorily redeemable Preferred OP units - mandatorily redeemable Total Unsecured Debt Total Debt 

9. Equity and Temporary Equity 

Holder's Option Any time after earlier of January 31, 2024 or death of holder Series F preferred OP units Holder's Option Any time after earlier of May 14, 2025 or death of holder Series G preferred OP units Holder's Option Any time after earlier of September 30, 2025 or death of holder Series H preferred OP units Holder's Option Any time after earlier of October 30, 2025 or death of holder Series I preferred OP units (4) 
 Holder's Option Any time after earlier of December 31, 2025 or death of holder Series J preferred OP units Holder's Option During the 30-day period following a change of control of the Company or any time after April 21, 2026 Total 
 (1) Exchange rates are subject to adjustment upon stock splits, recapitalizations and similar events. The exchange rates of certain series of OP units are approximated to four decimal places. 
 (2) Distributions are payable on the issue price of each OP unit which is per unit for all these preferred OP units. 
 (3) The redemption price for each preferred OP unit redeemed will be equal to its issue price plus all accrued but unpaid distributions. 
 (4) All of our outstanding series I preferred OP units converted during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 F - 39 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Solar Energy Project CA II LLC 
 A joint venture that operates and maintains solar energy equipment in select California communities Solar Energy Project LLC 
 A joint venture that operates and maintains solar energy equipment in select California communities Solar Energy Project III LLC 
 A joint venture that operates and maintains solar energy equipment in select Arizona and California communities FPG Sun Menifee 80 LLC 
 In connection with the investment in land for future development in the city of Menifee in California, at the property known as FPG Sun Menifee 80 LLC NG Sun Whitewater LLC 
 In connection with the investment in land at the property known as Whitewater NG Sun LLC In connection with the investment in Sun NG Resorts, a joint venture that operates a portfolio of RV communities in the U.S. 
 NG Sun Beaver Brook LLC In connection with the investment in Sun NG Beaver Brook LLC, a joint venture that operates one RV communities in the U.S. 
 Total 
 
 Equity Interest - NG Sun LLC - In June 2018, in connection with the investment in Sun NG Resorts, unrelated third parties purchased million of Series B preferred equity interests and million of common equity interests in Sun NG Resorts (herein jointly referred to as "Equity Interest - NG Sun LLC"). In April and September 2020, in connection with certain acquisitions, million of Series B preferred equity interests were converted to common equity interests. The Series B preferred equity interests carry a preferred return at a rate that, at any time, is equal to the interest rate on Sun NG Resorts' indebtedness at such time. The current rate of return is . The Equity Interest - NG Sun LLC does not have a fixed maturity date and can be redeemed in the fourth quarters of 2024, 2025 or 2026 at the holders' option. Sun NG LLC, our subsidiary, has the right during certain periods each year, with or without cause, or for cause at any time, to elect to buy NG Sun LLC's interest. During a limited period in 2024, NG Sun LLC has the right to put its interest to Sun NG LLC. If either party exercises its option, the property management agreement will be terminated, and we are required to purchase the remaining interests of NG Sun LLC and the property management agreement at fair value. In December 2021, the operating agreement was amended and we paid Sun NG Resorts a contingent consideration earnout in the amount of million. The contingent consideration payment was recognized as an additional purchase price payment within Land improvements and buildings in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and within Acquisition of properties, net of cash acquired in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. The Equity Interest - NG Sun LLC balance was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Refer to Note 7, "Consolidated Variable Interest Entities," and Note 8, "Debt and Line of Credit," for additional information. 
 
 Equity Interest - Solar Energy Project III LLC - In November 2022, as the managing member, we entered into a joint venture with SC CA Investor II, LLC to operate and maintain solar energy equipment in select Arizona and California communities. SC CA Investor II, LLC will make an equity contribution of million (referred to as "Equity Interest - Solar Energy Project III LLC"), and we will make an equity contribution of million. Per the contractual terms of the arrangement, SC CA Investor II, LLC can elect to have us purchase its interest for an agreed upon exercise price at any time after the last day of the 60th full calendar month following the placed in-service date. Terms of the agreement are dependent on final project costs. The Equity Interest - Solar Energy Project III LLC balance was million as of December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 7, "Consolidated Variable Interest Entities," for additional information. 
 
 Permanent Equity 
 
 Universal Shelf Registration Statement 
 
 In April 2021, we filed a new universal shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC. The shelf registration statement was deemed automatically effective and provides for the registration of unspecified amounts of equity and debt securities. We have the authority to issue shares of capital stock, of which shares are common stock and are shares of preferred stock, par value per share. As of December 31, 2022, we had shares of common stock issued and outstanding and shares of preferred stock were issued and outstanding. 
 F - 40 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 forward sale agreements relating to an underwritten registered public offering of shares of our common stock at a public offering price of per share and completed the offering on November 18, 2021 (the "November 2021 Forward Sale Agreements"). We did not initially receive any proceeds from the sale of shares of our common stock by the forward purchaser or its affiliates. In April 2022, we completed the physical settlement of the shares of common stock and received aggregate net proceeds of million. We used the net proceeds to repay borrowings outstanding under our Senior Credit Facility, and for working capital and general corporate purposes. 
 
 In March 2021, we priced a billion underwritten public offering of an aggregate of shares at a public offering price of per share, before underwriting discounts and commissions. The offering consisted of shares offered directly by us and shares offered under a forward equity sales agreement. We sold the shares on March 9, 2021 and received net proceeds of million after deducting expenses related to the offering. In May and June 2021, we completed the physical settlement of the remaining shares and received net proceeds of million after deducting expenses related to the offering. Proceeds from the offering were used to acquire assets and pay down borrowings under our revolving line of credit. 
 
 At the Market Offering Sales Agreement 
 
 In December 2021, we entered into an At the Market Offering Sales Agreement with certain sales agents and forward sellers pursuant to which we may sell, from time to time, up to an aggregate gross sales price of billion of our common stock (the "Sales Agreement"), through the sales agents, acting as our sales agents or, if applicable, as forward sellers, or directly to the sales agents as principals for their own accounts. The sales agents and forward sellers are entitled to compensation in an agreed amount not to exceed of the gross price per share for any shares sold under the Sales Agreement. We simultaneously terminated our prior sales agreement upon entering into the Sales Agreement. Through December 2022, we had entered into forward sales agreements under our Sales Agreement for an aggregate gross sales price of million. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2022, we entered into forward sale agreements with respect to shares of common stock under our Sales Agreement for million. Additionally, we settled all of our outstanding forward sale agreements with respect to shares of common stock which includes ; ; ; and shares of common stock from the three months ended December 31, 2021, March 31, June 30 and September 30, 2022 forward sale agreements, respectively. The net proceeds of million from the settlement of these forward sale agreements were used to repay borrowings outstanding under our Senior Credit Facility. 
 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2022, we completed the physical settlement of shares of common stock under our prior at the market offering program and received net proceeds of million. Additionally, we entered into forward sales agreements with respect shares of common stock for million, under our Sales Agreement. These forward sale agreements were settled during the three months ended September 30, 2022. 
 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2022, we entered into forward sales agreements with respect to shares of common stock for million, under our Sales Agreement. These forward sale agreements were settled during the three months ended September 30, 2022. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we entered into forward sale agreements with respect to shares of common stock under our prior at the market offering program for million. We completed the physical settlement of and shares of common stock during the three months ended June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022, respectively. 
 
 F - 41 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 shares of common stock with a value of million in connection with the acquisition of Park Holidays. 
 
 (1) 
 Rudgate May 2022 Kittery Point February 2022 Jarrett Bay Boatworks December 2021 Haas Lake RV Campground 
 
 (1) During the three months ended June 30, 2022, we acquired the noncontrolling equity interest held by third parties in Rudgate for a total purchase price of million. As consideration, we issued common OP units and paid the remainder of the purchase price in cash. The acquisition resulted in the Company owning a controlling interest in Rudgate. Refer to Note 7, "Consolidated Variable Interest Entities," for additional information. 
 
 Issuances of Preferred OP Units 
 
 Issuance of Series E Preferred OP Units - In January 2020, we issued Series E preferred OP units in connection with the acquisition of Sun Outdoors Cape Cod. The Series E preferred OP units have a stated issuance price of per OP unit and carry a preferred return of until the second anniversary of the issuance date. Commencing with the second anniversary of the issuance date, the Series E preferred OP units carry a preferred return of . Commencing with the first anniversary of the issuance date, subject to certain limitations, each Series E preferred OP unit can be exchanged for our common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing by (as such ratio is subject to adjustments for certain capital events). As of December 31, 2022, Series E preferred OP units were outstanding. 
 
 Conversions 
 
 Conversions to Common Stock - Subject to certain limitations, holders can convert certain series of OP units to shares of our common stock at any time. 
 
 Common OP units Series A-1 preferred OP units Series C preferred OP units Series E preferred OP units Series H preferred OP units Series I preferred OP units 
 (1) Calculation may yield minor differences due to rounding incorporated in the above numbers. 
 (2) Refer to Note 8, "Debt and Line of Credit," for additional detail on Aspen preferred OP unit conversions. 
 
 Distributions 

F - 42 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 10. Share-Based Compensation 
 
 share-based compensation plans: the Sun Communities, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended, the "2015 Equity Incentive Plan") and the First Amended and Restated 2004 Non-Employee Director Option Plan (as amended, the "2004 Non-Employee Director Option Plan"). We believe granting equity awards will provide certain executives, key employees and directors additional incentives to promote our financial success and promote employee and director retention by providing an opportunity to acquire or increase the direct proprietary interest of those individuals in our operations and future. Time based awards for directors generally vest over . Time based awards for key employees and executives generally vest over . Market condition awards for executives generally vest after . 
 
 Restricted Stock 
 
 The majority of our share-based compensation is awarded as service vesting restricted stock grants to executives and key employees. We have also awarded restricted stock to our non-employee directors. We measure the fair value associated with these awards using the closing price of our common stock as of the grant date to calculate compensation cost. Employee awards typically vest over several years and are subject to continued employment by the employee. Award recipients receive distribution payments on unvested shares of restricted stock. 
 
 First Amendment to the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 At our 2022 Annual Meeting on May 17, 2022, our shareholders approved the First Amendment to the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. This amendment increased the number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan to . As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for future issuance. 
 
 UK Sub-Plan 
 
 In April 2022, the Board of Directors adopted the UK Sub-Plan under the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, which is solely applicable to employee participants located in the UK, and establishes certain rules and limitations for participation in the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan by UK employees for the purpose of complying with applicable UK laws. 
 
 Non-Employee Director Plans 
 
 2021 Non-Employee Directors Deferred Compensation Plan - In November 2021, we adopted the 2021 Non-Employee Directors Deferred Compensation Plan ("2021 Deferred Compensation Plan"). The 2021 Deferred Compensation Plan entitles a non-employee director to annually submit an election to defer all or a portion of his or her eligible share-based and cash compensation, effective starting January 2022. 
 
 2004 Non-Employee Director Option Plan - The director option plan was approved by our shareholders at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on July 19, 2012. The director option plan amended and restated in its entirety our 2004 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan. At the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders held on May 17, 2018, the shareholders approved the First Amendment to the Sun Communities, Inc. First Amended and Restated 2004 Non-Employee Director Option Plan to increase the number of authorized shares under the plan by shares. 
 
 The types of awards that may be granted under the director option plan are options, restricted stock and OP units. Only non-employee directors are eligible to participate in the director option plan. The maximum number of options, restricted stock and OP units that may be issued under the director option plan is shares. As of December 31, 2022, shares remained available for future issuance. 
 
 F - 43 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (1) 
 Time Based 2022 Executive Officers 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (1) 
 Time Based 2022 Executive Officers 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (2) 
 Market Condition (3) 
 2022 Directors 2004 Non-Employee Director Option Plan (1) 
 Time Based 2021 Key Employees 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (1) 
 Time Based 2021 Executive Officers 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (1) 
 Time Based 2021 Executive Officers 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (2) 
 Market Condition (3) 
 2021 Directors 2004 Non-Employee Director Option Plan (1) 
 Time Based 
 (1) Represents the weighted average fair value per share of the closing price of our common stock on the dates the shares were awarded. 
 (2) Represents the weighted average fair value per share of the Monte Carlo simulation fair value price of our market condition awards on the dates the shares were awarded. 
 (3) Share-based compensation for restricted stock awards with market conditions is measured based on an estimate of shares expected to vest using a Monte Carlo simulation to determine fair value. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested restricted shares at December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested restricted shares at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested restricted shares at December 31, 2022 
 
 Stock based compensation expense for restricted stock reported in General and Administrative Expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 The remaining unrecognized share-based compensation cost, net related to our unvested restricted shares, which includes estimated forfeitures, as of December 31, 2022 was approximately million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. Forfeitures are estimated at the grant date and are included monthly within compensation cost. 

F - 44 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 11. Segment Reporting 

F - 45 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Operating expenses / Cost of sales NOI Adjustments to arrive at net income Interest income Brokerage commissions and other revenues, net General and administrative expense ) ) ) Catastrophic event-related charges, net ) ) ) Business combination expense, net ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt (see Note 8) 
 ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Interest on mandatorily redeemable preferred OP units / equity ) ) ) Gain / (loss) on remeasurement of marketable securities ) Gain / (loss) on foreign currency exchanges ) Gain on dispositions of properties Other expense, net ) ) ) Gain / (loss) on remeasurement of notes receivable ) ) Income from nonconsolidated affiliates (see Note 6) 
 Loss on remeasurement of investment in nonconsolidated affiliates ) ) ) Current tax expense (see Note 12) 
 ) ) ) Deferred tax benefit / (expense) (see Note 12) 
 ) Net Income Less: Preferred return to preferred OP units / equity interests Less: Income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net Income Attributable to SUI Common Shareholders 
 F - 46 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Marketable securities Inventory of manufactured homes Notes and other receivables, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other assets, net Total Assets 

12. Income Taxes 
 
 of our gross income in any year must be derived from qualifying sources. In addition, a REIT must distribute annually at least of its REIT taxable income (calculated without any deduction for dividends paid and excluding capital gain) to its shareholders and meet other tests. 
 
 Qualification as a REIT involves the satisfaction of numerous requirements (on an annual and quarterly basis) established under highly technical and complex Code provisions for which there are limited judicial or administrative interpretations and involves the determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. In addition, frequent changes occur in the area of REIT taxation, which requires us to continually monitor our tax status. We analyzed the various REIT tests and confirmed that we continued to qualify as a REIT for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 As a REIT, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes at the corporate level on the ordinary taxable income we distribute to our shareholders as dividends. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, our taxable income could be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates. Even if we qualify as a REIT, we may be subject to certain state and local income taxes, as well as U.S. federal income and excise taxes on our undistributed income. In addition, taxable income from non-REIT activities managed through taxable REIT subsidiaries is subject to federal, state and local income taxes. We are also subject to local income taxes in Canada, Puerto Rico and the UK due to certain properties located in those jurisdictions. We do not provide for withholding taxes on our undistributed earnings from our Canadian subsidiaries as they are reinvested and will continue to be reinvested indefinitely outside of the U.S. However, we are subject to Australian withholding taxes on distributions from our investment in Ingenia Communities Group. As currently structured, we are not subject to UK withholding taxes on distributions from our UK properties. 
 
 For income tax purposes, distributions paid to common shareholders consist of ordinary income, capital gains, and return of capital. 
 
 Capital gain Return of capital Total distributions declared 
 
 (1) of the ordinary taxable dividend qualifies as a Section 199A dividend for 2022 and of the ordinary taxable dividend qualifies as a Qualified Dividend for 2022. 
 F - 47 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 ) Deferred ) State and Local Current Deferred ) Foreign Current Deferred ) ) Total provision / (benefit) ) 
 
 ) Federal provision / (benefit) at statutory tax rate ) ) State and local taxes, net of federal benefit ) ) Rate differential ) ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) Others ) ) ) ) Tax provision / (benefit) - taxable subsidiaries ) ) Other state taxes - flow through subsidiaries Total provision / (benefit) ) 
 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect the impact of temporary differences between the amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the basis of such assets and liabilities as measured by tax laws. Deferred tax assets are reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance to the amount where realization is more likely than not assured after considering all available evidence. Our temporary differences primarily relate to net operating loss carryforwards, and depreciation and basis differences between tax and GAAP. Our deferred tax assets that have a full valuation allowance relate to our taxable REIT subsidiaries. 
 
 F - 48 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Depreciation and basis differences Restricted interest carryforwards Other ) Gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) ) Net deferred tax assets (1) 
 Deferred Tax Liabilities Basis differences - US assets ) ) Basis differences - foreign investment (2) 
 ) ) ) Gross deferred tax liabilities (3) 
 ) ) ) Net Deferred Tax Liability 
 ) ) ) 
 (1) Net deferred tax assets are included within Other assets, net in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (2) Balance as of December 31, 2022 relates to basis differences in our foreign investments in properties in the UK and Canada. 
 (3) Gross deferred tax liabilities are included within Other liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Our U.S. taxable REIT subsidiaries operating loss carryforwards are million, or million after tax, including SHS loss carryforwards of million, or million after tax, as of December 31, 2022. The loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2023 through 2035 if not offset by future taxable income. In addition, our Canadian subsidiaries have operating loss carryforwards of million, or million after tax, as of December 31, 2022. The loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2036 through 2040 if not offset by future taxable income. 
 
 We had unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. We expect significant increases or decreases in unrecognized tax benefits due to changes in tax positions within one year of December 31, 2022. 
 
 We classify certain state taxes as income taxes for financial reporting purposes. We recorded a provision for state income taxes of million for the year ended December 31, 2022, million for the year ended December 31, 2021, and million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 Our policy is to report income tax penalties and income tax related interest expense as a component of income tax expense. interest or penalty associated with any unrecognized income tax provision or benefit was accrued, nor was any income tax related interest or penalty recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 F - 49 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 13. Earnings Per Share 
 
 Less: allocation to restricted stock awards Basic earnings - Net Income attributable to common shareholders after allocation to restricted stock awards Add: allocation to common and preferred OP units dilutive effect Add: allocation to restricted stock awards Diluted earnings - Net income attributable to common shareholders after allocation to common and preferred OP units (1) 
 
 Denominator Weighted average common shares outstanding Add: common shares dilutive effect: Forward Equity Offering Add: dilutive restricted stock Add: common and preferred OP units dilutive effect Diluted weighted average common shares and securities (1) 
 EPS Available to Common Shareholders After Allocation Basic EPS Diluted EPS (1) 
 
 (1) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, diluted earnings per share was calculated using the two-class method for restricted stock awards as the application of this method resulted in a more diluted earnings per share during those periods. 
 F - 50 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

A-1 preferred OP units A-3 preferred OP units Aspen preferred OP units 
 Series C preferred OP units Series D preferred OP units Series E preferred OP units Series F preferred OP units Series G preferred OP units Series H preferred OP units Series I preferred OP units Series J preferred OP units Total Securities 

14. Derivative Financial Instruments 
 
 -year treasury rate lock contracts totaling million and received a settlement payment of million. As of the settlement date, the net accumulated gain included in AOCI is being reclassified into earnings as a reduction to interest expense on a straight-line basis over the -year term of the hedged transaction. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we entered into treasury rate lock contracts and forward swap contract with an aggregate notional value of million to hedge interest rate risk associated with the future issuance of long-term debt. We also entered into interest rate swap agreements to hedge variable rate borrowings of million (equivalent to million as of December 31, 2022) under the term loan on our Senior Credit Facility. The interest rate swaps locked in a total fixed rate, inclusive of spread, of through the term loan maturity date of April 7, 2025. 
 
 Refer to Note 20, "Subsequent Events," for information regarding additional derivatives transactions subsequent to year end. 

(1) Included within Other Assets, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Refer to Note 15, "Fair Value of Financial Instruments," for additional information related to the fair value methodology used for derivative financial instruments. 
 
 F - 51 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The following table presents the amount of gains on derivative instruments reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income into earnings (in millions): 
 
 Year Ended Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges Financial Statement Classification December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Interest rate derivatives Interest expense 

15. Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 Marketable securities Installment notes receivable on manufactured homes, net Notes receivable from real estate developers and operators Derivative assets Total assets measured at fair value Financial Liabilities Secured debt Unsecured debt Senior unsecured notes Line of credit and other unsecured debt Total unsecured debt Other financial liabilities (contingent consideration) Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 
 F - 52 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Marketable securities Installment notes receivable on manufactured homes, net Notes receivable from real estate developers and operators Derivative assets Total assets measured at fair value Financial Liabilities Secured debt Unsecured debt Senior unsecured notes Line of credit and other unsecured debt Total unsecured debt Other financial liabilities (contingent consideration) (1) 
 Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 (1) Balance updated during the three months ended March 31, 2022 to include contingent consideration related to a marina acquisition. This contingent consideration was included within Other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2021. 
 
 We utilize fair value measurements to record fair value adjustments to certain assets and liabilities and to determine fair value disclosures. The following methods and assumptions were used in order to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments for which it is practicable to estimate that value: 
 
 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 
 
 The carrying values of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash approximate their fair market values due to the short-term nature of the instruments. These are classified as Level 1 in the hierarchy. 
 
 Marketable Securities 
 
 Marketable securities held by us and accounted for under ASC 321 " Investments - Equity Securities " are measured at fair value. Any change in fair value is recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations in Gain / (loss) on remeasurement of marketable securities in accordance with ASU 2016-01 " Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities ." The fair value is measured by the quoted unadjusted share price which is readily available in active markets (Level 1). 
 
 Additional purchases Change in fair value measurement ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Dividend reinvestment, net of tax Ending Balance 
 
 Installment Notes Receivable on Manufactured Homes 
 
 Installment notes receivable on manufactured homes are recorded at fair value and are measured using model-derived indicative pricing using primarily unobservable inputs, inclusive of default rates, interest rates and recovery rates (Level 3). Refer to Note 4, "Notes and Other Receivables," for additional information. 
 F - 53 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million related to installment notes receivable on manufactured homes and notes from real estate developers. 
 
 F - 54 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Transfer to level 3 Realized gains / (losses) (1) 
 ) ) Purchases and issuances Sales and settlements ) ) ) ) Dispositions of properties ) Foreign currency exchange losses ) Other adjustments Level 3 ending balance at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Liabilities: Other Liabilities (Contingent Consideration) Other Liabilities (Contingent Consideration) Level 3 beginning balance at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Realized losses (1) 
 Purchases and issuances Sales and settlements ) Other adjustments Level 3 ending balance at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (1) Includes realized gains / losses recorded in earnings within the following line items on the Consolidated Income Statements: Warrants - Income from nonconsolidated affiliates; Installment Notes Receivable on MH, net - Gain / (loss) on remeasurement of notes receivable; Contingent Consideration - Other expense, net. 
 
 Although we have determined the estimated fair value amounts using available market information and commonly accepted valuation methodologies, considerable judgment is required in interpreting market data to develop fair value estimates. The fair value estimates are based on information available as of December 31, 2022. As such, our estimates of fair value could differ significantly from the actual carrying value. 

16. Commitments and Contingencies 
 
 RV properties in the Fort Myers area, comprising approximately sites. These properties sustained significant flooding and wind damage from the hurricane. At other affected MH and RV properties, most of the damage was limited to trees, roofs, fences, skirting and carports. At affected marina properties, seawalls, docks, buildings, and landscaping sustained wind and water damage. 
 
 F - 55 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million comprised of million for debris and tree removal, common area repairs and minor flooding damage, as well as million for impaired assets, comprised of million primarily in the RV segment and million in the Marina segment. These charges were partially offset by estimated insurance recoveries of million, resulting in net charges of million related to Hurricane Ian, recognized as Catastrophic event-related charges, net in our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 We maintain property, casualty, flood and business interruption insurance for our community portfolio, subject to customary deductibles and limits. As of December 31, 2022, we had not received any insurance recoveries. Refer to Note 20, "Subsequent Events," for information regarding insurance recoveries received subsequent to year end. 
 
 The foregoing estimates are based on current information available, and we continue to assess these estimates. Actual charges and insurance recoveries could vary significantly from these estimates. Any changes to these estimates will be recognized in the period(s) in which they are determined. 

17. Leases 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Lease Payments Less: Imputed interest ) ) ) Present Value of Lease Liabilities 
 
 Operating lease, ROU asset, net Other assets, net Below market operating leases, net Other assets, net Lease Liabilities Finance lease liabilities Other liabilities Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities 
 
 F - 56 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense Operating lease cost General and administrative expense, Property operating and maintenance, Depreciation and amortization Operating lease impairment (1) 
 Other expense, net Variable lease cost Property operating and maintenance Short term lease cost Property operating and maintenance Total Lease Expense 
 (1) Refer to Note 1, "Significant Accounting Policies," for additional detail. 
 
 Operating lease Weighted-average Discount Rate Finance lease Operating lease 

Year Ended Other Information (in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Cash Paid for Amounts Included in the Measurement of Lease Liabilities Operating cash flow from operating leases Financing cash flow from finance leases Total Cash Paid On Lease Liabilities 
 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, we vacated certain of our leased spaces to better align with our needs and workplace strategies. As a result, we impaired the corresponding operating lease right of use assets, resulting in a charge of million recorded within Other expense, net within the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 Lessor Accounting 
 
 We are not the lessor for any finance leases at our MH, RV or marina properties as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Nearly all of our operating leases at our MH and RV properties where we are the lessor are either month to month or for a time period not to exceed one year. As of December 31, 2022, future minimum lease payments would not exceed 12 months. 
 
 F - 57 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Undiscounted Cash Flows 
 
 Variable lease income (1) 
 Income from real property; Brokerage commissions and other revenue, net 
 (1) Consists of rent primarily based on a percentage of acquisition costs and net operating income. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we terminated our operating ground lease agreements at properties and settled a contingent consideration earn-out provision in the amount of million. As these properties were deemed asset acquisitions, the contingent consideration payment was recognized as an additional purchase price within Land improvements and buildings in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and within Acquisition of properties, net of cash acquired, in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. 
 In conjunction with the termination, we entered into management agreements with the previous operators to manage these properties effective January 1, 2022. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we terminated our operating ground lease agreement at property and settled a contingent consideration earnout provision in the amount of million. The initial contingent consideration liability of million was recognized at acquisition within Investment property in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and within financing in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. As this property was deemed a business combination, incremental contingent consideration expense of million was recognized within Other expense, net in the Consolidated Statement of Operations and within Operating in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. In conjunction with the termination, we entered into a management agreement with the previous operator to manage the property effective January 1, 2022. 
 
 Failed Sale Leaseback 
 
 In connection with our acquisition of Park Holidays, we assumed ground lease arrangements for UK properties that we concluded to be failed sale-leaseback transactions under ASC Topic 842, " Leases ." The arrangements have maturities ranging from 2117 through 2197 with an option to repurchase for at the end of the term. The obligation related to the underlying ground leases has been recorded as a financial liability of million as of December 31, 2022. The financial liability is recorded within Other Liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 F - 58 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Payments Less: Imputed interest ) Present Value of Financial Liability 

18. Related Party Transactions 
 
 in American Center LLC, the entity from which we lease office space for our principal executive offices. Each of Brian M. Hermelin, Ronald A. Klein and Arthur A. Weiss indirectly owns less than percent interest in American Center LLC. Mr. Shiffman is our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. Each of Mr. Hermelin, Mr. Klein and Mr. Weiss is a director of the Company. Under this agreement, we lease approximately rentable square feet of permanent space. The lease agreement includes annual graduated rent increases through the initial end date of October 31, 2026. As of December 31, 2022, the average gross base rent was per square foot. Each of Mr. Shiffman, Mr. Hermelin, Mr. Klein and Mr. Weiss may have a conflict of interest with respect to his obligations as our officer and / or director and his ownership interest in American Center LLC. 
 
 Use of Airplane - Gary A. Shiffman is the beneficial owner of an airplane that we use from time to time for business purposes. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we paid million, million and million for the use of the airplane, respectively. Mr. Shiffman may have a conflict of interest with respect to his obligations as our officer and director and his ownership interest in the airplane. 
 
 Telephone Services - Brian M. Hermelin is a principal and a beneficial owner of an entity that installs and maintains emergency telephone systems at our properties. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we paid million for these services, respectively. Mr. Hermelin may have a conflict of interest with respect to his obligations as our director and his position with and ownership interest in the provider of these services. 
 
 Legal Counsel - Arthur A. Weiss is a partner at Taft Stettinius Hollister LLP (formerly Jaffe, Raitt, Heuer, Weiss, Professional Corporation) which acts as our general counsel and represents us in various matters. We incurred legal fees and expenses owed to this law firm of approximately million, million and million in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Tax Consequences Upon Sale of Properties - Gary A. Shiffman holds limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership which were received in connection with the contribution of properties from partnerships previously affiliated with him. Prior to any redemption of these limited partnership interests for our common stock, Mr. Shiffman will have tax consequences different from those on us and our public shareholders upon the sale of any of these partnerships. Therefore, we and Mr. Shiffman may have different objectives regarding the appropriate pricing and timing of any sale of those properties. 
 
 Transactions with Immediate Family Members - Adam Shiffman, the son of Gary A. Shiffman, the Company's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, was appointed as the Company's Regional Vice President of Operations and Sales in September 2021. Adam Shiffman's aggregate annual compensation was approximately 135,000 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 F - 59 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 19. Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

20. Subsequent Events 
 
 land parcels located in the U.S. and UK for an aggregate purchase price of million. 
 
 Dispositions 
 
 In February 2023, we sold non-operating properties in the UK for total consideration of million, in the form of notes receivable, with a weighted average interest rate of per annum, due May 31, 2023. The dispositions resulted in gains on sale totaling approximately million. 
 
 Assets Held for Sale 
 
 In February 2023, we reached an agreement to sell an operating MH community in the UK with developed sites for approximately million in the form of a note receivable. As a result, subsequent to year end, the community has been classified as held for sale with an expected closing in March 2023, at which point financial statement impacts will be determined. 
 
 Catastrophic Event 
 
 As of February 21, 2023, we received million of insurance recoveries in connection with property damage at our Fort Myers, Florida area communities resulting from Hurricane Ian in September 2022. Refer to Note 16, "Commitments and Contingencies," for additional information regarding impacts to our consolidated financial statements from Hurricane Ian. 
 
 Secured Debt 
 
 In January 2023, we entered into mortgage term loans of million related to existing encumbered properties which mature February 13, 2026 and have a fixed interest rate of . We used the net proceeds from the offering to repay borrowings outstanding under our Senior Credit Facility. 
 
 F - 60 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million of senior unsecured notes with an interest rate of and a -year term, due January 15, 2033 (the "2033 Notes"). Interest on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, beginning on July 15, 2023. The net proceeds from the offering were million, after deducting underwriters' discounts and estimated offering expenses. We used the net proceeds from the offering to repay borrowings outstanding under our Senior Credit Facility. 
 
 Derivatives Transactions 
 
 In January 2023, in connection with the 2033 Notes issuance, we settled -year treasury rate lock contracts and forward swap totaling million and received a net settlement payment of million. This lowered the effective interest rate on the 2033 Notes from to . As of the settlement date, the net accumulated gain included in AOCI is being reclassified into earnings as a reduction to interest expense on a straight-line basis over the -year term of the hedged transaction. 
 
 We have evaluated our Consolidated Financial Statements for subsequent events through the date that this Form 10-K was issued. 
 
 F - 61 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, SCHEDULE III 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (amounts in millions) 

 2021 (C) 49'er Village RV Resort Plymouth, CA ) 2017 (A) Academy / West Point Canton, MI ) 2000 (A) Allendale Meadows Allendale, MI ) 1996 (A) Alpine Meadows Grand Rapids, MI ) 1996 (A C) Alta Laguna Rancho Cucamonga, CA ) 2016 (A) Andover Grass Lake, MI ) 2021 (A) Apple Carr Village Muskegon, MI ) 2011 (A C) Apple Creek Amelia, OH ) 1999 (A) Arbor Terrace RV Park Bradenton, FL ) 1996 (A) Arbor Woods Ypsilanti, MI ) 2017 (A) Ariana Village Lakeland, FL ) 1994 (A) Augusta Village Augusta, ME ) 2020 (A) Austin Lone Star RV Resort Austin, TX ) 2016 (A) Autumn Ridge Ankeny, IA ) 1996 (A) Bahia Vista Estates Sarasota, FL ) 2016 (A) Baker Acres RV Resort Zephyrhills, FL ) 2016 (A) Beechwood 
 Killingworth, CT ) 2019 (A) Bear Lake Development Land (5) 
 Garden City, UT 2022 (C) Bel Air Estates Menifee, CA ) 2022 (A) Bell Crossing Clarksville, TN ) 1999 (A C) Big Tree RV Resort Arcadia, FL ) 2016 (A) Birch Hill Estates Bangor, ME ) 2020 (A) Blue Heron Pines Punta Gorda, FL ) 2015 (A C) Blue Jay MH RV Resort Dade City, FL ) 2016 (A) Blue Star (7) 
 Apache Junction, AZ ) (7) 
 ) ) 2014 (A) Blueberry Hill Bushnell, FL ) 2012 (A) Bluebonnet Lake (5) 
 Austin, TX 2021 (C) Boulder Ridge Pflugerville, TX ) 1998 (C) Branch Creek Austin, TX ) 1995 (A C) Brentwood Estates Hudson, FL ) 2015 (A) Brentwood Village Kentwood, MI ) 1996 (A) 
 F - 62 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, SCHEDULE III 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (amounts in millions) 

 ) 2014 (A) Broadview Estates Davison, MI ) 1996 (A C) Brook Ridge Hooksett, NH ) 2019 (A) Brookside Manor Goshen, IN ) 1985 (A C) Brookside Village Kentwood, MI ) 2011 (A) Buena Vista 
 Buckeye, AZ ) 2019 (A) Buttonwood Bay MH RV Resort Sebring, FL ) 2001 (A) Byron Center Byron Center, MI ) 1996 (A) Caliente Sands Cathedral City, CA ) ) 2017 (A) Camelot Villa Macomb, MI ) 2013 (A) Camp Fimfo New Braunfels, TX ) 2019 (C) Candlelight Manor South Daytona, FL ) 2016 (A) Cape May Crossing Cape May, NJ ) 2016 (A) Carolina Pines RV Resort Conway, SC ) 2017 (A C) Carriage Cove Sanford, FL ) 2014 (A) Carrington Pointe Fort Wayne, IN ) 1997 (A C) Cave Creek Evans, CO ) 2004 (C) Cedar Haven Holden, ME ) 2020 (A) Cedar Springs Southington, CT ) 2019 (A) Central Park MH RV Resort Haines City, FL ) 2016 (A) Charlevoix Estates Charlevoix, MI ) 2021 (A) Cherrywood Clinton, NY ) (3) 
 ) 2019 (A) Chisholm Point Pflugerville, TX ) 1995 (A C) Cider Mill Crossings Fenton, MI ) 2011 (A C) Cider Mill Village Middleville, MI ) 2011 (A) Cisco Grove Campground RV Emigrant Gap, CA ) 2021 (A) Citrus Hill RV Resort Dade City, FL ) 2016 (A) Clear Water South Bend, IN ) 1986 (A) Club Naples Naples, FL ) 2011 (A) Club Wildwood Hudson, FL ) 2016 (A) Coastal Estates 
 Hampstead, NC ) 2019 (A) Cobus Green Osceola, IN ) 1993 (A) Colony in the Wood Port Orange, FL ) 2017 (A C) Comal Farms New Braunfels, TX ) 2000 (A C) 
 F - 63 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, SCHEDULE III 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (amounts in millions) 

 ) 1996 (A) Country Hills Village Hudsonville, MI ) ) 2011 (A) Country Lakes 
 Little River, SC ) 2019 (A) Country Meadows Flat Rock, MI ) 1994 (A C) Country Meadows Village Caledonia, MI ) 2011 (A C) Country Village Estates 
 Oregon City, OR ) 2019 (A) Countryside Estates Mckean, PA ) ) 2014 (A) Countryside Village of Atlanta Lawrenceville, GA ) 2004 (A C) Countryside Village of Gwinnett Buford, GA ) 2004 (A) Countryside Village of Lake Lanier Buford, GA ) 2004 (A) Coyote Ranch Resort Wichita Falls, TX ) 2021 (A) Creek Wood Burton, MI ) 1997 (C) Creeks Crossing 
 Kyle, TX ) 2019 (C) Crestwood 
 Concord, NH ) 2019 (A) Crossroads 
 Aiken, SC ) 2019 (A C) Cutler Estates Grand Rapids, MI ) 1996 (A) Cypress Greens Lake Alfred, FL ) 2015 (A) Deep Run 
 Cream Ridge, NJ ) 2019 (A) Deerwood Orlando, FL ) 2015 (A) Desert Harbor Apache Junction, AZ ) 2014 (A) Dutton Mill Village Caledonia, MI ) 2011 (A) Eagle Crest Firestone, CO ) 1998 (C) East Fork Crossing Batavia, OH ) 2000 (A C) East Village Estates Washington Twp., MI ) 2012 (A) Egelcraft Muskegon, MI ) 2014 (A) El Capitan Canyon Goleta, CA ) 2020 (A) Ellenton Gardens RV Resort Ellenton, FL ) ) 2016 (A) Fairfield Village Ocala, FL ) 2015 (A) Farmwood Village 
 Dover, NH ) 2019 (A) Fisherman's Cove Flint Twp., MI ) 1993 (A) Flamingo Lake RV Resort Jacksonville, FL ) 2020 (A) Fond du Lac East / Kettle Moraine KOA Glenbeulah, WI ) 2013 (A) Forest Hill 
 Southington, CT ) 2019 (A) Forest Meadows Philomath, OR ) 1999 (A) 
 F - 64 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, SCHEDULE III 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (amounts in millions) 

 ) 2020 (A) Forest View Homosassa, FL ) 2015 (A) Fort Dupont (5) 
 Delaware City, DE 2021 (C) Four Seasons Elkhart, IN ) ) 2000 (A) Frenchtown Villa / Elizabeth Woods Newport, MI ) 2014 (A C) Friendly Village of La Habra La Habra, CA ) 2016 (A) Friendly Village of Modesto Modesto, CA ) 2016 (A) Friendly Village of Simi Simi Valley, CA ) 2016 (A) Friendly Village of West Covina West Covina, CA ) 2016 (A) Glen Ellis Family Campground 
 Glen, NH ) 2019 (A) Glen Haven RV Resort Zephyrhills, FL ) ) 2016 (A) Glen Laurel Concord, NC ) 2001 (A C) Goldcoaster Homestead, FL ) 1997 (A) Grand Bay Dunedin, FL ) 2016 (A) Grand Lake RV Golf Resort Citra, FL ) 2012 (A) Grand Village Grand Rapids, MI ) 1996 (A) Grove Beach 
 Westbrook, CT ) 2019 (A) Grove Ridge RV Resort Dade City, FL ) 2016 (A) Groves RV Resort (9) 
 Ft. Myers, FL ) (9) 
 1997 (A) Gulfstream Harbor Orlando, FL ) 2015 (A) Hacienda Del Rio 
 Edgewater, FL ) 2019 (A) Hamlin Webberville, MI ) 1984 (A C) Hancock Heights Estates Hancock, ME ) 2020 (A) Hannah Village Lebanon, NH ) 2019 (A) Hemlocks 
 Tilton, NH ) 2019 (A) Heritage Temecula, CA ) 2016 (A) Hickory Hills Village Battle Creek, MI ) 2011 (A) Hidden River RV Resort Riverview, FL ) 2016 (A) High Point Park Frederica, DE ) 1997 (A) Highland Greens Estates Highland, MI ) 2020 (A) Hillcrest 
 Uncasville, CT ) 2019 (A) Holiday Park Estates Bangor, ME ) 2020 (A) Holiday West Village Holland, MI ) 2011 (A) 
 F - 65 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, SCHEDULE III 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (amounts in millions) 

 ) 1997 (A) Holly Village / Hawaiian Gardens Holly, MI ) 2004 (A) Homosassa River RV Resort Homosassa Springs, FL ) 2016 (A) Horseshoe Cove RV Resort Bradenton, FL ) 2016 (A) Hospitality Creek Campground Williamstown, NJ ) 2021 (A) Hunters Crossing Capac, MI ) ) 2012 (A) Hunters Glen Wayland, MI ) 2004 (C) Huntington Run Kalamazoo, MI ) 2021 (A) Hyde Park 
 Easton, MD ) 2019 (A) Indian Creek Park (9) 
 Ft. Myers Beach, FL ) (9) 
 1996 (A) Indian Wells RV Resort Indio, CA ) 2016 (A) Island Lakes Merritt Island, FL ) 1995 (A) Jellystone Park Androscoggin Lake (8) 
 North Monmouth, ME ) 2021 (A) Jellystone Park at Barton Lake Fremont, IN ) 2020 (A) Jellystone Park at Birchwood Acres MH RV Resort Greenfield Park, NY ) 2013 (A) Jellystone Park of Chicago Millbrook, IL ) 2021 (A) Jellystone Park Chincoteague Island (8) 
 Chincoteague, VA ) 2019 (A) Jellystone Park at Gardiner Gardiner, NY ) 2018 (A) Jellystone Park at Golden Valley Bostic, NC ) 2018 (A C) Jellystone Park at Guadalupe River Kerrville, TX ) 2018 (A) Jellystone Park at Hill Country Canyon Lake, TX ) 2018 (A) Jellystone Park at Larkspur Larkspur, CO ) 2016 (A C) Jellystone Park at Luray East Luray, VA ) 2018 (A) Jellystone Park at Mammoth Cave Cave City, KY ) ) 2021 (A) Jellystone Park at Maryland Williamsport, MD ) 2018 (A) Jellystone Park at Memphis Horn Lake, MS ) 2018 (A) Jellystone Park at Natural Bridge Natural Bridge Station, VA ) 2020 (A) Jellystone Park Petoskey (8) 
 Petoskey, MI ) 2018 (A) Jellystone Park at Quarryville Quarryville, PA ) 2018 (A) Jellystone Park at Tower Park (2) 
 Lodi, CA ) 2018 (A) Jellystone Park of Western New York North Java, NY ) 2013 (A) Jellystone Park at Whispering Pines Tyler, TX ) 2021 (A) 
 F - 66 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, SCHEDULE III 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (amounts in millions) 

 2022 (A) Jetstream RV Resort at NASA Houston, TX ) 2021 (A) Kensington Meadows Lansing, MI ) 1995 (A C) Kimberly Estates Newport, MI ) 2016 (A) King's Court Traverse City, MI ) 1996 (A C) King's Lake DeBary, FL ) 1994 (A) Kings Manor Lakeland, FL ) 2016 (A) Kings Pointe Lake Alfred, FL ) 2015 (A) Kissimmee Gardens Kissimmee, FL ) 2016 (A) Kissimmee South MH RV Resort Davenport, FL ) 2016 (A) Kittatinny Campground RV Resort Barryville, NY ) 2020 (A) Knollwood Estates Allendale, MI ) 2001 (A) La Casa Blanca Apache Junction, AZ ) 2014 (A) La Costa Village Port Orange, FL ) 2015 (A) Lafayette Place Warren, MI ) 1998 (A) Lake Josephine RV Resort Sebring, FL ) 2016 (A) Lake Juliana Landings Auburndale, FL ) 1994 (A) Lake Pointe Village Mulberry, FL ) 2015 (A) Lake San Marino RV Park Naples, FL ) 1996 (A) Lakefront Lakeside, CA ) 2016 (A) Lakeland RV Resort Lakeland, FL ) 2016 (A) Lakeshore Landings Orlando, FL ) 2014 (A) Lakeshore Villas Tampa, FL ) 2015 (A) Lakeside 
 Terryville, CT ) 2019 (A) Lakeside Crossing Conway, SC ) 2015 (A C) Lakeview Ypsilanti, MI ) 2004 (A) Lakeview CT 
 Danbury, CT ) 2019 (A) Lakeview Mobile Estates Yucaipa, CA ) 2020 (A) Lamplighter Port Orange, FL ) 2015 (A) Lantana Ranch South (5) 
 Brookshire, TX 2022 (A) Laurel Heights 
 Uncasville, CT ) 2019 (A) Lazy J Ranch Arcata, CA ) 2017 (A) Leaf Verde RV Resort Buckeye, AZ ) 2018 (A) Leisure Village Belmont, MI ) 2011 (A) 
 F - 67 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, SCHEDULE III 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (amounts in millions) 

 ) 2016 (A) Liberty Farm Valparaiso, IN ) 1985 (A C) Lincoln Estates Holland, MI ) 1996 (A) Lone Star Jellystone Park Waller, TX ) 2020 (A) Lost Dutchman Apache Junction, AZ ) 2014 (A) Majestic Oaks RV Resort Zephyrhills, FL ) 2016 (A) Maple Brook Matteson, IL ) 2014 (A) Maplewood Manor Brunswick, ME ) 2014 (A) Marco Naples RV Resort Naples, FL ) 2016 (A) Marina Cove Uncasville, CT ) 2019 (A) Meadow Lake Estates White Lake, MI ) 1994 (A) Meadowbrook Charlotte, NC ) 2000 (A C) Meadowbrook Estates Monroe, MI ) 1986 (A) Meadowbrook Village Tampa, FL ) 1994 (A) Meadowlands of Gibraltar Gibraltar, MI ) 2015 (A) Meadowstone Hastings, MI ) 2021 (A) Menifee Development (5) 
 Menifee, CA 2020 (C) Merrymeeting Brunswick, ME ) 2014 (A) Mi-Te-Jo Campground Milton, NH ) 2018 (A) Mill Creek MH RV Resort Kissimmee, FL ) 2016 (A) Millwood 
 Uncasville, CT ) 2019 (A C) Moreno 66 Development (5) 
 Moreno Valley, CA 2021 (C) Mountain View Mesa, AZ ) 2014 (A) Napa Valley Napa, CA ) 2016 (A) Naples RV Resort Naples, FL ) 2011 (A) New England Village 
 Westbrook, CT ) 2019 (A) North Lake Estates Moore Haven, FL ) 2011 (A) North Point Estates Pueblo, CO ) 2001 (C) Northville Crossing Northville, MI ) 2012 (A) Norway Commons Norway, ME 2022 (A) Oak Creek Coarsegold, CA ) 2014 (A) Oak Crest Austin, TX ) 2002 (C) Oak Grove 
 Plainville, CT ) 2019 (A) Oak Island Village East Lansing, MI ) 2011 (A) 
 F - 68 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, SCHEDULE III 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (amounts in millions) 

 ) 2014 (A) Oakview Estates Arcadia, FL ) 2016 (A) Oakwood Village Miamisburg, OH ) 1998 (A C) Ocean Breeze Jensen Beach MH RV Resort Jensen Beach, FL ) 2016 (A C) Ocean Breeze MH RV Resort (6) 
 Marathon, FL ) 2016 (A) Ocean Pines Garden City, SC ) 2019 (A) Ocean View (8) 
 Jensen Beach, FL ) 2020 (A) Ocean West McKinleyville, CA ) 2017 (A) Orange City MH RV Resort Orange City, FL ) 2011 (A) Orange Tree Village Orange City, FL ) 1994 (A) Orchard Lake Milford, OH ) 1999 (A) Paddock Park South Ocala, FL ) 2016 (A) Palm Creek Golf RV Resort Casa Grande, AZ ) 2012 (A C) Palm Key Village Davenport, FL ) 2015 (A) Palm Village Bradenton, FL ) 2016 (A) Palos Verdes Shores MH Golf Community (2) 
 San Pedro, CA ) 2016 (A) Park Place Sebastian, FL ) 2015 (A) Park Royale Pinellas Park, FL ) 2015 (A) Parkside Village Cheektowaga, NY ) 2014 (A) Pearwood RV Resort Pearland, TX ) ) 2021 (A) Pebble Creek Greenwood, IN ) 2000 (A C) Pecan Branch Georgetown, TX ) 1999 (C) Pecan Park RV Resort Jacksonville, FL ) 2016 (A C) Pelican Bay Micco, FL ) 2015 (A) Pembroke Downs Chino, CA ) 2016 (A) Pheasant Ridge Lancaster, PA ) 2002 (A) Pine Acre Trails Conroe, TX ) 2022 (A) Pine Hills Middlebury, IN ) 1980 (A) Pine Ridge Prince George, VA ) 1986 (A C) Pine Trace Houston, TX ) (3) 
 ) 2004 (A C) Pinebrook Village Kentwood, MI ) 2011 (A) Pineview Estates Flint, MI ) 2021 (A) 
 F - 69 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, SCHEDULE III 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (amounts in millions) 

 ) 2017 (A) Pleasant Beach Campground Sherkston, ON ) (1) 
 2021 (A) Pleasant Lake RV Resort Bradenton, FL ) 2016 (A) Presidential Estates Hudsonville, MI ) 1996 (A) Rainbow MH RV Resort Frostproof, FL ) 2012 (A) Rainbow Village of Largo Largo, FL ) 2016 (A) Rainbow Village of Zephyrhills Zephyrhills, FL ) 2016 (A) Rancho Alipaz (2) 
 San Juan Capistrano, CA ) 2016 (A) Rancho Caballero Riverside, CA ) 2016 (A) Rancho Mirage Apache Junction, AZ ) 2014 (A) Red Oaks MH RV Resort (2) 
 Bushnell, FL ) 2016 (A) Regency Heights Clearwater, FL ) 2016 (A) Reserve at Fox Creek Bullhead City, AZ ) 2014 (A) Richmond Place Richmond, MI ) 1998 (A) River Beach Campsites RV Milford, PA ) 2020 (A) River Haven Village Grand Haven, MI ) 2001 (A) River Pines 
 Nashua, NH ) 2019 (A) River Ranch Austin, TX ) 2000 (A C) River Ridge Saline, MI ) 2021 (A) River Ridge Estates Austin, TX ) 2002 (C) Riverside Club Ruskin, FL ) 2015 (A) Riverside Drive Park Augusta, ME ) 2020 (A) Rock Crusher Canyon RV Resort Crystal River, FL ) 2015 (A) Rolling Hills 
 Storrs, CT ) 2019 (A) Roxbury Park Goshen, IN ) 2001 (A) Royal Country Miami, FL ) 1994 (A) Royal Palm Village Haines City, FL ) 2015 (A) Royal Palms MH RV Resort (2) 
 Cathedral City, CA ) 2016 (A) Rudgate Clinton Clinton Township, MI ) 2012 (A) Rudgate Manor Sterling Heights, MI ) 2012 (A) Saddle Oak Club Ocala, FL ) 1995 (A) Saddlebrook San Marcos, TX ) 2002 (C) Sandy Lake MH RV Resort Carrollton, TX ) 2016 (A) Saralake Estates Sarasota, FL ) 2016 (A) 
 F - 70 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, SCHEDULE III 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (amounts in millions) 

 ) 2015 (A C) Scio Farms Ann Arbor, MI ) 1995 (A C) Sea Air Village Rehoboth Beach, DE ) 1997 (A) Serendipity North Fort Myers, FL ) 2015 (A) Settler's Rest RV Resort Zephyrhills, FL ) 2016 (A) Shadow Wood Village Hudson, FL ) 2016 (A) Shady Pines MH RV Resort Galloway Township, NJ ) 2016 (A) Shady Road Villas Ocala, FL ) 2016 (A) Sheffield Estates Auburn Hills, MI ) 2006 (A) Shelby Forest 
 Shelby Twp., MI ) 2019 (A) Shelby West 
 Shelby Twp., MI ) 2019 (A) Shell Creek RV Resort Marina Punta Gorda, FL ) 2016 (A) Siesta Bay RV Park (9) 
 Ft. Myers, FL ) (9) 
 1996 (A) Silver Springs Clinton Township, MI ) 2012 (A) Sky Harbor Cheektowaga, NY ) 2014 (A) Skyline Fort Collins, CO ) 2014 (A) Smith Creek Crossing Granby, CO ) 2018 (C) Southern Charm MH RV Resort Zephyrhills, FL ) 2016 (A) Southern Hills / Northridge Place Stewartville, MN ) 2014 (A C) Southern Leisure RV Resort Chiefland, FL ) 2021 (A) Southern Palms 
 Ladson, SC ) 2019 (A) Southport Springs Golf Country Club Zephyrhills, FL ) 2015 (A C) Southside Landing 
 Cambridge, MD ) 2019 (A) Southwood Village Grand Rapids, MI ) 2011 (A) Spanish Main MH RV Resort Thonotosassa, FL ) 2016 (A) Spanish Trails West Casa Grande, AZ ) 2022 (A) St. Clair Place St. Clair, MI ) 1998 (A) Stonebridge (MI) (5) 
 Richfield Twp., MI ) 1998 (C) Stonebridge (TX) San Antonio, TX ) (3) 
 ) 2000 (A C) Stonebrook Homosassa, FL ) 2015 (A) Stoneridge Villas (5) 
 Gardnerville, NV 2022 (A) Strafford / Lake Winnipesaukee South KOA 
 Strafford, NH ) 2019 (A) Summit Ridge Converse, TX ) (3) 
 ) 2000 (A C) 
 F - 71 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, SCHEDULE III 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (amounts in millions) 

 ) 2018 (A) Sun Outdoors Association Island Henderson, NY ) 2021 (A) Sun Outdoors Bend (8) 
 Bend, OR ) 2020 (A) Sun Outdoors Canyonlands Gateway (8) 
 Moab, UT ) 2018 (A) Sun Outdoors Cape Charles Cape Charles, VA ) 2021 (A) Sun Outdoors Cape May (8) 
 Cape May, NJ ) ) 2021 (A) Sun Outdoors Central Coast Wine Country (8) 
 Paso Robles, CA ) 2014 (A C) Sun Outdoors Chesapeake Bay (2)(8) 
 Temperanceville, VA ) 2021 (A) Sun Outdoors Coos Bay (8) 
 Coos Bay, OR ) 2018 (A) Sun Outdoors Chincoteague Bay (5) 
 Chincoteague, VA 2021 (C) Sun Outdoors Frontier Town Berlin, MD ) 2015 (A) Sun Outdoors Garden City Utah (8) 
 Garden City, UT ) 2021 (A) Sun Outdoors Gig Harbor (8) 
 Gig Harbor, WA ) 2020 (A) Sun Outdoors Islamorada (6) 
 Islamorada, FL ) 2016 (A) Sun Outdoors Kensington Valley (8) 
 New Hudson, MI ) ) 2021 (A) Sun Outdoors Key Largo Key Largo, FL ) 2016 (A) Sun Outdoors Lake Rudolph Santa Claus, IN ) 2014 (A C) Sun Outdoors Lake Travis Austin, TX ) 2015 (A) Sun Outdoors Marathon Marathon, FL ) 2016 (A) Sun Outdoors Moab Downtown (8) 
 Moab, UT ) 2018 (A) Sun Outdoors Mystic Old Mystic, CT ) 2013 (A) Sun Outdoors North Moab (8) 
 Moab, UT ) 2019 (A) Sun Outdoors New Orleans North Shore (8) 
 Ponchatoula, LA ) 2019 (A) Sun Outdoors Ocean City Berlin, MD ) 2014 (A C) Sun Outdoors Ocean City Gateway Whaleyville, MD ) 2015 (A) Sun Outdoors Old Orchard Beach Downtown 
 Old Orchard Beach, ME ) 2019 (A) Sun Outdoors Orange Beach 
 Orange Beach, AL ) 2019 (A) Sun Outdoors Orlando ChampionsGate Davenport, FL ) 2020 (A) Sun Outdoors Panama City Beach (2) 
 Panama City Beach, FL ) 2017 (A) Sun Outdoors Paso Robles (8) 
 Paso Robles, CA ) 2014 (C) Sun Outdoors Petoskey Bay Harbor Petoskey, MI ) 2016 (A) Sun Outdoors Pigeon Forge (2) 
 Sevierville, TN ) 2019 (A) 
 F - 72 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, SCHEDULE III 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (amounts in millions) 

 ) ) 2021 (A) Sun Outdoors Rocky Mountains (8) 
 Granby, CO ) (3) 
 ) 2018 (C) Sun Outdoors Rehoboth Bay 
 Millsboro, DE ) 2019 (A) Sun Outdoors Saco Old Orchard Beach (8) 
 Saco, ME ) 2014 (A) Sun Outdoors Salt Lake City (8) 
 North Salt Lake, UT ) 2018 (A) Sun Outdoors San Antonio West San Antonio, TX ) 2012 (A) Sun Outdoors San Diego Bay (2) 
 San Diego, CA ) 2019 (A) Sun Outdoors Santa Barbara (8) 
 
 Goleta, CA ) 2020 (A) Sun Outdoors Sarasota Sarasota, FL ) (3) 
 ) 2016 (A) Sun Outdoors St. Augustine St. Augustine, FL ) 2018 (A) Sun Outdoors Sugarloaf Key (2)(8) 
 Summerland Key, FL ) 2021 (A) Sun Outdoors Texas Hill Country New Braunfels, TX ) 2016 (A C) Sun Outdoors Wells Beach (2)(8) 
 Wells, ME ) 2021 (A) Sun Outdoors Yellowstone North (2)(8) 
 Gardiner, MT ) ) 2021 (A) Sun Retreats Adirondack Gateway (8) 
 Gansevoort, NY ) 2016 (A) Sun Retreats Amherstburg (8) 
 Amherstburg, ON ) 2016 (A) Sun Retreats Arran Lake (8) 
 Allenford, ON ) 2016 (A) Sun Retreats Avalon Cape May Court House, NJ ) 2013 (A) Sun Retreats Blue Mountains (8) 
 Clarksburg, ON ) 2016 (A) Sun Retreats Birch Bay (8) 
 Blaine, WA ) 2021 (A) Sun Retreats Cape Cod (8) 
 East Falmouth, MA ) 2020 (A) Sun Retreats Cape May Wildwood Cape May, NJ ) 2013 (A) Sun Retreats Cayuga (8) 
 Cayuga, ON ) (1) 
 ) 2016 (A) Sun Retreats Daytona Beach (8) 
 Port Orange, FL ) 2016 (A) Sun Retreats Dennis Port (8) 
 Dennisport, MA ) 2016 (A) Sun Retreats Dunedin (8) 
 
 Dunedin, FL ) 2016 (A) Sun Retreats Flamborough (8) 
 Millgrove, ON ) (1) 
 ) 2016 (A) Sun Retreats Georgian Bay (8) 
 Seguin, ON ) (1) 
 ) 2016 (A) Sun Retreats Geneva on the Lake Geneva on the Lake, OH ) 2013 (A C) Sun Retreats Gwynn's Island (8) 
 Gwynn, VA ) 2013 (A) Sun Retreats Gun Lake Hopkins, MI ) 2011 (A) Sun Retreats Hay Bay (8) 
 Napanee, ON ) (1) 
 ) 2016 (A) Sun Retreats Huntsville (8) 
 Huntsville, ON ) (1) 
 ) 2016 (A) 
 F - 73 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, SCHEDULE III 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (amounts in millions) 

 ) (1) 
 ) 2016 (A) Sun Retreats Lancaster County (8) 
 Narvon, PA ) 2012 (A) Sun Retreats Long Beach Island (8) 
 Barnegat, NJ ) 2016 (A) Sun Retreats Nantahala (8) 
 Sylva, NC ) 2016 (A) Sun Retreats New Point (8) 
 New Point, VA ) 2013 (A) Sun Retreats Old Orchard Beach Old Orchard Beach, ME ) 2013 (A) Sun Retreats Penetanguishene (8) 
 Tiny, ON ) (1) 
 ) 2016 (A) Sun Retreats Peters Pond (8) 
 Sandwich, MA ) 2013 (A) Sun Retreats Pleasant Acres Farm Sussex, NJ ) 2021 (A) Sun Retreats Rehoboth Bay (8) 
 Millsboro, DE ) 2019 (A) Sun Retreats Rock River Hillsdale, IL ) 2017 (A) Sun Retreats Sandbanks (8) 
 Cherry Valley, ON ) 2016 (A) Sun Retreats Sea Isle (8) 
 Clermont, NJ ) 2014 (A) Sun Retreats Seashore (8) 
 Cape May, NJ ) 2014 (A) Sun Retreats Shenandoah Valley (8) 
 Stuarts Draft, VA ) 2020 (A) Sun Retreats Sherkston Shores (8) 
 Sherkston, ON ) (1) 
 ) 2016 (A) Sun Retreats Silver Lake Mears, MI ) 2018 (C) Sun Retreats Stratford (8) 
 Bornholm, ON ) (1) 
 ) 2016 (A) Sun Retreats Turkey Point (8) 
 Normandale, ON ) (1) 
 ) 2016 (A) Sun Retreats at Wild Acres Old Orchard Beach, ME ) 2013 (A) Sun Retreats Willow Lake (8) 
 Scotland, ON (1) 
 ) 2016 (A) Sun Valley Apache Junction, AZ ) 2014 (A) Sun Villa Estates Reno, NV ) (3) 
 ) 1998 (A) Suncoast Gateway Port Richey, FL ) 2016 (A) Sundance Zephyrhills, FL ) 2015 (A) Sunlake Estates Grand Island, FL ) 2015 (A) Sunrise Estates Banning, CA ) 2022 (A) Sunset Beach RV Resort Cape Charles, VA ) 2016 (A) Sunset Harbor at Cow Key Marina Key West, FL ) 2016 (A) Sunset Ridge (MI) Portland, MI ) 1998 (C) Sunset Ridge (TX) Kyle, TX ) 2000 (A C) Swan Meadow Village Dillon, CO ) 2014 (A) Sweetwater RV Resort Zephyrhills, FL ) 2016 (A) Sycamore Village Mason, MI ) 2011 (A) 
 F - 74 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, SCHEDULE III 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (amounts in millions) 

 ) 2021 (A) Sylvan Glen Estates Brighton, MI ) 2021 (A) Tallowwood Isle Coconut Creek, FL ) 2016 (A) Tamarac Village MH RV Resort Ludington, MI ) 2011 (A) Tampa East MH RV Resort Dover, FL ) 2005 (A) Tanglewood Village Brownstown, MI ) 2021 (A) The Colony (2) 
 Oxnard, CA ) 2016 (A) The Foothills (5) 
 Fort Collins, CO 2021 (C) The Grove at Alta Ridge Thornton, CO ) 2014 (A) The Hamptons Golf Country Club Auburndale, FL ) 2015 (A) The Hideaway Key West, FL ) 2016 (A) The Hills Apopka, FL ) 2016 (A) The Landings at Lake Henry Haines City, FL ) 2015 (A) The Ridge Davenport, FL ) 2015 (A) The Valley Apopka, FL ) 2016 (A) The Villas at Calla Pointe Cheektowaga, NY ) 2014 (A) The Willows Goshen, IN ) 2021 (A) Themeworld RV Resort Davenport, FL ) 2021 (A) Three Gardens 
 Southington, CT ) 2019 (A) Three Lakes Hudson, FL ) 2012 (A) Thunderhill Estates Sturgeon Bay, WI ) 2014 (A) Timber Ridge Ft. Collins, CO ) 1996 (A) Timberline Estates Coopersville, MI ) 1994 (A) Town Country Traverse City, MI ) 1996 (A) Town Country Village Lisbon, ME ) 2014 (A) Tranquility MHC Bushnell, FL 2021 (C) Traveler's World MH RV Resort San Antonio, TX ) 2016 (A) Treetops RV Resort Arlington, TX ) 2016 (A) Troy Villa Troy, MI ) 2020 (A) Vallecito Newbury Park, CA ) 2016 (A) Victor Villa Victorville, CA ) 2016 (A) Vines RV Resort Paso Robles, CA ) 2013 (A) Vista Del Lago Scotts Valley, CA ) 2016 (A) Vista Del Lago MH RV Resort Bradenton, FL ) 2016 (A) 
 F - 75 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, SCHEDULE III 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (amounts in millions) 

 ) 2015 (A) Walden Woods I (10) 
 Homosassa, FL ) ) ) 2015 (A) Walden Woods II (10) 
 Homosassa, FL ) 2015 (A) Warren Dunes Village Bridgman, MI ) 2011 (A C) Water Oak Country Club Estates Lady Lake, FL ) 1993 (A C) Waters Edge RV Resort Zephyrhills, FL ) 2016 (A) Waverly Shores Village Holland, MI ) 2011 (A C) West Village Estates Romulus, MI ) 2012 (A) Westbrook Senior Village Toledo, OH ) 2001 (A) Westbrook Village Toledo, OH ) 1999 (A) Westside Ridge Auburndale, FL ) 2015 (A) Westward Shores Cottages RV Resort West Ossipee, NH ) 2018 (A) White Lake White Lake, MI ) 1997 (A C) Wildwood Community Sandwich, IL ) 2014 (A) Willow Bend Fort Lupton, CO 2021 (C) Willowbrook Place Toledo, OH ) 1997 (A) Windham Hills Jackson, MI ) 1998 (A C) Windmill Village Davenport, FL ) 2015 (A) Windsor Woods Village Wayland, MI ) 2011 (A) Woodhaven Place Woodhaven, MI ) 1998 (A) Woodlake Trails San Antonio, TX ) 2000 (A C) Woodland Park Estates Eugene, OR ) 1998 (A) Woodlands at Church Lake Groveland, FL ) 2015 (A) Woodside Terrace Holland, OH ) 1997 (A) Woodsmoke Camping Resort Fort Myers, FL ) 2020 (A) Wymberly Martinez, GA ) 2019 (A) Yankee Village Old Saybrook, CT ) 2019 (A) ) Corporate Headquarters and Other Fixed Assets Southfield, MI ) ) 
 (1) Gross amount carried at December 31, 2022, at our Canadian properties, reflects the impact of foreign currency translation. 
 (2) All or part of this property is subject to a ground lease. 
 (3) Gross amount carried at December 31, 2022 has decreased at this property due to a partial disposition of land or depreciable assets, as applicable. 
 F - 76 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, SCHEDULE III 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (amounts in millions) 

F - 77 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, SCHEDULE III 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (amounts in millions) 

 ) 2022 (A) Amble Links Amble, Northumberland, England ) 2022 (A) Ashbourne Heights Ashbourne, Derbyshire, England ) 2022 (A) Beauport Hastings, Sussex, England ) 2022 (A) Birchington Vale (3) 
 Birchington, Kent, England ) ) 2022 (A) Bodmin Holiday Park (formerly Cornwall) Bodmin, Cornwall, England ) 2022 (A) Bowland Fell Skipton, Yorkshire, England ) 2022 (A) Broadland Sands Lowestoft, Suffolk, England ) 2022 (A) Brynteg Llanryg, Caernafon, Wales ) 2022 (A) Burghead / Lossiemouth / Silver Sands Burghead, Moray, Scotland ) 2022 (A) Carlton Meres Saxmundham, Suffolk, England ) 2022 (A) Chantry West Witton, Yorkshire, England 2022 (A) Chichester Lakeside Chichester, Sussex, England ) 2022 (A) Coghurst Hall Hastings, Sussex, England ) ) 2022 (A) Dawlish Sands Dawlish, Devon, England ) 2022 (A) Dovercourt Harwich, Essex, England ) ) 2022 (A) Felixstowe Beach Felixstowe, Suffolk, England ) 2022 (A) Glendale Wigton, Cumbria, England ) 2022 (A) Golden Sands Dawlish, Devon, England ) 2022 (A) Harts Isle of Sheppey, Kent, England ) 2022 (A) Hedley Wood Holsworthy, Devon, England ) 2022 (A) Henfold (1)(2) 
 Dorking, Surrey, England ) (1) 
 2021 (A) Hengar Manor Bodmin, Cornwall, England ) 2022 (A) Littondale Skipton, Yorkshire, England 2022 (A) Malvern View Stanford Bishop, Worcester, England ) 2022 (A) Marlie Romney, Kent, England ) 2022 (A) Martello Beach Clacton on Sea, Essex, England ) 2022 (A) New Beach Dymchurch, Kent, England ) 2022 (A) 
 F - 78 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, SCHEDULE III 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (amounts in millions) 

 2022 (A) Oaklands Clacton on Sea, Essex, England 2022 (A) Oyster Bay Truro, Cornwall, England ) 2022 (A) Pakefield (3) 
 Pakefield, Suffolk, England ) 2022 (A) Par Sands (3) 
 Par, Cornwall, England ) 2022 (A) Pentire Bude, Cornwall, England ) 2022 (A) Pevensey Bay Pevensey Bay, Sussex, England ) 2022 (A) Plas Coch Llanedwen, Anglesey, Wales ) 2022 (A) Polperro Looe, Cornwall, England ) 2022 (A) Ribble Valley Clitheroe, Lancashire, England ) 2022 (A) Rye Harbour Rye, Sussex, England ) 2022 (A) Sand le Mere Hull, Yorkshire, England ) 2022 (A) Sandhills Christchurch, Dorset, England ) 2022 (A) Sandy Bay (1) 
 Canvey Island, Essex, England ) (1) 
 ) 2022 (A) Seaview Whitstable, Kent, England ) 2022 (A) Seawick Clacton on Sea, Essex, England ) ) 2022 (A) Solent Breezes Fareham, Hampshire, England ) 2022 (A) St. Osyth Beach Clacton on Sea, Essex, England ) 2022 (A) Steeple Bay Sothminster, Essex, England ) ) 2022 (A) Suffolk Sands (3) 
 Felixstowe, Suffolk, England 2022 (A) Tarka Barnstaple, Devon, England ) ) 2022 (A) Trevella (3) 
 Newquay, Cornwall, England ) 2022 (A) Turnberry Girvan, Ayrshire, Scotland ) 2022 (A) Vernon Dene (1)(2) 
 North Ripley, Bransgore, England ) (1) 
 2021 (A) Waterside (3) 
 Paignton, Devon, England ) 2022 (A) West Mersea West Mersea, Essex, England ) 2022 (A) Winchelsea Sands Winchelsea, Sussex, England ) 2022 (A) Wood Farm Charmouth, Dorset, England ) 2022 (A) Yorkshire Dales Leyburn, Yorkshire, England 2022 (A) ) ) UK Headquarters and Other (3) 
 Sussex, England ) 
 F - 79 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, SCHEDULE III 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (amounts in millions) 

 ) ) 
 (1) Gross amount carried at December 31, 2022 reflects the impact of foreign currency translation. 
 (2) This property was not included in our community count as of December 31, 2022 as it was not fully developed. 
 (3) All or part of this property is subject to a ground lease. 
 F - 80 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, SCHEDULE III 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (amounts in millions) 

 ) 2021 (A) Anacapa Isle (3) 
 Oxnard, CA ) 2020 (A) Angler House Islamorada, FL ) 2021 (A) Annapolis Annapolis, MD ) 2020 (A) Aqua Yacht Iuka, MS ) 2020 (A) Aqualand (3) 
 Flowery Branch, GA ) 2020 (A) Bahia Bleu Thunderbolt, GA ) 2020 (A) Ballena Isle Alameda, CA ) 2020 (A) Bayfront (3)(5) 
 Chula Vista, CA ) 2022 (A) Beaufort (3) 
 Beaufort, SC ) 2020 (A) Beaver Creek (3) 
 Monticello, KY ) 2020 (A) Belle Maer Harrison Township, MI ) 2020 (A) Bluewater (5) 
 Hampton, VA ) 2022 (A) Bohemia Vista Chesapeake Bay, MD ) 2020 (A) Brady Mountain (3) 
 Royal, AR ) 2020 (A) Bristol Charleston, SC ) 2020 (A) Bruce Johnsons Branford, CT ) 2020 (A) Burnside (3) 
 Somerset, KY ) 2020 (A) Burnt Store (9) 
 Punta Gorda, FL ) 2020 (A) Cabrillo Isle (3) 
 San Diego, CA ) 2021 (A) Calusa Island (9) 
 Goodland, FL ) 2020 (A) Cape Harbour (9) 
 Cape Coral, FL ) 2020 (A) Capri Port Washington, NY ) 2020 (A) Carroll Island Baltimore, MD ) 2020 (A) Charleston City (3)(8) 
 Charleston, SC ) 2020 (A) City Boatyard Charleston, SC ) 2020 (A) Cove Haven Barrington, RI ) 2020 (A) Cowesett (7) 
 Warwick, RI ) 2020 (A) 
 F - 81 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, SCHEDULE III 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (amounts in millions) 

 ) 2020 (A) Dauntless (1) 
 Essex, CT ) 2020 (A) Dauntless Shipyard (1) 
 Essex, CT 2020 (A) Deep River Deep River, CT ) 2020 (A) Detroit River Detroit, MI ) 2021 (A) Eagle Cove (3) 
 Byrdstown, TN ) 2020 (A) Edgartown Edgartown, MA ) 2021 (A) Emerald Coast Niceville, FL ) 2021 (A) Emerald Point (3) 
 Austin, TX ) 2020 (A) Emeryville (3) 
 Emeryville, CA ) 2020 (A) Essex Island (1) 
 Essex, CT 2020 (A) Ferry Point Old Saybrook, CT ) 2020 (A) Fiddler's Cove North Falmouth, MA ) 2020 (A) Gaines Rouses Point, NY ) 2020 (A) Glen Cove Glen Cove, NY ) 2020 (A) Grand Isle Grand Haven, MI ) 2020 (A) Great Island Harpswell, ME ) 2020 (A) Great Lakes Muskegon, MI ) 2020 (A) Great Oak Landing Chestertown, MD ) 2020 (A) Green Harbor Marshfield, MA ) 2020 (A) Greenport (2) 
 Greenport, NY ) 2020 (A) Greenwich Bay Warwick, RI ) 2020 (A) Grider Hill (3) 
 Albany, KY ) 2020 (A) Hacks Point Chesapeake Bay, MD ) 2020 (A) Harbor House Stamford, CT ) 2020 (A) Harborage Yacht Club Stuart, FL ) 2021 (A) Harbors View (3) 
 Afton, OK ) 2020 (A) Harbortown Fort Pierce, FL ) 2020 (A) Haverstraw (3) 
 West Haverstraw, NY ) 2020 (A) Hawthorne Cove Salem, MA ) 2020 (A) Hideaway Bay (3) 
 Flowery Branch, GA ) 2020 (A) 
 F - 82 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, SCHEDULE III 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (amounts in millions) 

 ) 2020 (A) Islamorada Islamorada, FL ) 2021 (A) Island Park Portsmouth, RI ) 2020 (A) Jamestown (3) 
 Jamestown, KY ) 2020 (A) Jamestown Boatyard Jamestown, RI ) 2020 (A) Jarrett Bay Boatworks (5) 
 Beaufort, NC ) 2022 (A) Jefferson Beach St. Clair Shores, MI ) 2020 (A) Kings Point Cornelius, NC ) 2020 (A) Kittery Point (5) 
 Kittery, ME ) 2022 (A) Lakefront Port Clinton, OH ) 2020 (A) Lauderdale Marine Center Fort Lauderdale, FL ) 2021 (A) Loch Lomond San Rafael, CA ) 2020 (A) Manasquan River Brick Township, NJ ) 2020 (A) Marathon Marathon, FL ) 2021 (A) Marina Bay Quincy, MA ) 2020 (A) Marina Bay Yacht Harbor (5) 
 Richmond, CA 2022 (C) Montauk Yacht Club (5) 
 Montauk, NY ) 2022 (A) Mystic Mystic, CT ) 2020 (A) Narrows Point Grasonville, MD ) 2020 (A) New England Boatworks Portsmouth, RI ) 2020 (A) New Port Cove Riviera Beach, FL ) 2020 (A) Newport Shipyard Newport, RI ) 2020 (A) North Palm Beach North Palm Beach, FL ) 2020 (A) Old Port Cove North Palm Beach, FL ) 2020 (A) Onset Bay Buzzards Bay, MA ) 2020 (A) Outer Banks (5) 
 Wanchese, NC ) 2022 (A) Oxford Oxford, MD ) 2020 (A) Peninsula Yacht Club Cornelius, NC ) 2020 (A) Pier 121 (3) 
 Lewisville, TX ) 2020 (A) Pier 77 Bradenton, FL ) 2020 (A) Pilots Point Westbrook, CT ) 2020 (A) Pineland (9) 
 Bokeelia, FL ) 2020 (A) 
 F - 83 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, SCHEDULE III 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (amounts in millions) 

 ) 2020 (A) Podickory Point Annapolis, MD ) 2021 (A) Port Phoenix (3)(5) 
 North Fort Myers, FL 2022 (A) Port Royal Port Royal, SC ) 2021 (A) Port Royal Landing Port Royal, SC ) 2020 (A) Post Road (4) 
 Mamaroneck, NY ) ) 2020 (A) Puerto del Rey Fajardo, Puerto Rico ) 2021 (A) Regatta Pointe (3) 
 Palmetto, FL ) 2020 (A) Reserve Harbor Pawleys Island, SC ) 2020 (A) Riviera Beach Riviera Beach, FL ) 2020 (A) Rockland Rockland, ME ) 2020 (A) Sakonnet (4) 
 Portsmouth, RI ) ) 2020 (A) Sandusky (3) 
 Sandusky, OH ) 2020 (A) Shelburne Shipyard Shelburne, VT ) 2020 (A) Shelter Island (3) 
 San Diego, CA ) 2021 (A) Siesta Key Sarasota, FL ) 2020 (A) Silver Spring Wakefield, RI ) 2020 (A) Skippers Landing Troutman, NC ) 2020 (A) Skull Creek Hilton Head, SC ) 2020 (A) South Bay (3) 
 Chula Vista, CA ) 2021 (A) South Fork (6) 
 Fort Lauderdale, FL ) 2020 (C) South Harbour Village Southport, NC ) 2020 (A) Sportsman Orange Beach, AL ) 2020 (A) Stingray Point Deltaville, VA ) 2021 (A) Stirling (2) 
 Greenport, NY 2020 (A) Stratford Stratford, CT ) 2020 (A) Sunroad (3) 
 San Diego, CA ) 2021 (A) Sunset Bay Hull, MA ) 2020 (A) Toledo Beach La Salle, MI ) 2020 (A) Tower Marine (5) 
 Douglas, MI ) 2022 (A) Trade Winds (3) 
 Appling, GA ) 2020 (A) Ventura Isle (3) 
 Ventura, CA ) 2020 (A) 
 F - 84 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, SCHEDULE III 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (amounts in millions) 

 ) 2021 (A) Walden (3) 
 Montgomery, TX ) 2020 (A) Wentworth by the Sea New Castle, NH ) 2021 (A) West Palm Beach West Palm Beach, FL ) 2020 (A) Westport Denver, NC ) 2020 (A) Wickford Wickford, RI 2020 (A) Wickford Cove Wickford, RI ) 2020 (A) Willsboro Bay Willsboro, NY ) 2020 (A) Wisdom Dock (3) 
 Albany, KY ) 2020 (A) Yacht Haven Stamford, CT ) 2020 (A) Zahnisers Solomons, MD ) 2020 (A) ) Marinas Headquarters and Other Fixed Assets Dallas, TX ) ) 
 (1) All costs from Dauntless Shipyard and Essex Island are grouped into Dauntless. 
 (2) All costs from Stirling are grouped into Greenport. 
 (3) All or part of this property is subject to a ground lease. 
 (4) Gross amount carried at December 31, 2022 has decreased at this property due to a partial disposition of land or depreciable assets, as applicable. 
 (5) This property was acquired during 2022. 
 (6) Property currently under development. 
 (7) All costs related to Apponaug Harbour are grouped into Cowesett. 
 (8) All costs related to Ashley Fuels are grouped into Charleston City. 
 (9) This property was impaired as a result of Hurricane Ian in October 2022. 

F - 85 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, SCHEDULE III 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (amounts in millions) 

 years - years 
 Furniture, fixtures, and equipment: years - years 
 Dock improvements: years - years 
 Site improvements: years - years 
 
 The aggregate cost of total real estate for federal income tax purposes was approximately billion as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The change in investment property for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is as follows (in millions): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Beginning balance Property and land acquisitions, including immediate improvements Property expansion and development Improvements Asset impairment (1) 
 ) Dispositions and other ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 The change in accumulated depreciation for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is as follows (in millions): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Beginning balance Depreciation for the period Asset impairments (1) 
 ) Dispositions and other ) ) ) Ending balance 
 million resulting from Hurricane Ian. Refer to Note 16, "Commitments and Contingencies," for additional information. 
 F - 86 

<EX-21>
 2
 exhibit211listofsubsidiari.htm
 EX-21

Document 
 SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries 

 Main operating subsidiary 
 
 Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership 

Other subsidiaries 
 
 481 Associates, a Florida general partnership 
 1008 Tuscany, LLC, a Mississippi limited liability company 
 AIOP Brentwood West, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 AIOP Florida Properties I, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 AIOP Florida Properties II, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 AIOP Gulfstream Harbor, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 AIOP Gulfstream Outlots, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 AIOP Lost Dutchman Notes, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 AIOP Serendipity, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 ALL Acquisition, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 AMLL Mountain View Estates, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 AMLL Mountain View Estates Holding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Apple Carr Village MHP Holding Company #1, LLC , a Michigan limited liability company 
 Apple Carr Village Mobile Home Park, LLC , a Michigan limited liability company 
 Apple Orchard, L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company 
 Aspen-Alpine Project, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Aspen-Brentwood Project, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Aspen-Byron Project, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Aspen-Country Project, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Aspen-Ft. Collins Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership 
 Aspen-Grand Project, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Aspen-Holland Estates, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Aspen-Town & Country Associates II, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Asset Investors Operating Partnership, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership 
 Audubon Point RV Park II LLC, a Mississippi limited liability company 
 Bay View Park Limited, an England and Wales corporation 
 Beverage Annapolis, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Aqualand, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Aqua Yacht, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Bahia Bleu, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Beaufort, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Beaver Creek, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Brady Mountain, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Burnside, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Calusa, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage CCM, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Eagle Cove, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Emerald Point, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Grand Isle, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Great Lakes, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Great Oak Landing, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Green Harbor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Harborage YC, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Harbors View, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Holly Creek LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 i 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries, Continued 

Beverage Islamorada, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Jamestown, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Jarrett Bay, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Jefferson Beach, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage King s Point, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Marathon, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage New Port Cove, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Newport Shipyard, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage North Palm Beach, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Old Port Cove, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Outer Banks, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Pier 121, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Pineland, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Port Royal, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Puerto Del Rey, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage PYC, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Reserve Harbor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Siesta Key, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Sportsman, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Star Island, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Toledo Beach, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Tower Marine, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Walden, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Beverage Zahnisers, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Blue Heron Delaware One LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Blue Heron Delaware Two LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Bowland Fell Park Limited, an England and Wales corporation 
 Brentwood Delaware One LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Brentwood Delaware Two LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Bridge Leisure Bidco Limited, an England and Wales corporation 
 Bridge Leisure Finco Limited, an England and Wales corporation 
 Bridge Leisure Management Limited, an England and Wales corporation 
 Bridge Leisure Management (North) Limited, an England and Wales corporation 
 Bridge Leisure Midco Limited, an England and Wales corporation 
 Bridge Leisure Parks (Finance) Limited, an England and Wales corporation 
 Bridge Leisure Parks (Holdings) Limited, an England and Wales corporation 
 Bridge Leisure Parks Limited, an England and Wales corporation 
 Bridge Leisure Topco Limited, an England and Wales corporation 
 Bright Insurance Agency, Inc., a Michigan corporation 
 Brookside Village MHP Holding Company #1, LLC , a Michigan limited liability company 
 Brookside Village Mobile Home Park, LLC , a Michigan limited liability company 
 Camp Jellystone LLC, a Delaware series limited liability company 
 Carefree Broadacre Mezz 1 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Carefree Canada TRS Inc., an Ontario corporation 
 Carefree Communities CA LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Carefree Communities LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Carefree Property Mezz 1 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Carefree Shadowwood, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Carriage Cove, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Carriage Cove Holding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Castle Amalco Real Estate Holdings ULC, a British Columbia ULC 
 CAX Cypress Greens, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 ii 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries, Continued 

CAX La Casa Blanca, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 CAX La Casa Blanca East, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 CAX Lakeshore, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 CAX Rancho Mirage, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 CC RP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Cerulean (HL) Limited, a United Kingdom corporation 
 CGVII, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 
 Christies Parks Limited, a Scotland corporation 
 Cider Mill Village Mobile Home Park, LLC , a Michigan limited liability company 
 Cima del Mundo, LLC, a California limited liability company 
 Cinque Ports Leisure Homes Ltd, an England and Wales corporation 
 Club Kean, Michigan non-profit corporation 
 Coghurst Hall Holiday Village Ltd, an England and Wales corporation 
 Comal Farms Manager LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Community Blue Heron Pines Joint Venture LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Community Brentwood Joint Venture LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Community Savanna Club Joint Venture, a Delaware general partnership 
 Country Hills Village Mobile Home Park, LLC , a Michigan limited liability company 
 Country Meadows Village MHP Holding Company #1, LLC , a Michigan limited liability company 
 Country Meadows Village Mobile Home Park, LLC , a Michigan limited liability company 
 CP Acquisitionco Ltd, an England and Wales corporation 
 CP Comal Farms Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership 
 CP Equityco Ltd, an England and Wales corporation 
 CP Woodlake Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership 
 Crumpwood Ltd, an England and Wales corporation 
 Deerwood I Holding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Deerwood I Park, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Deerwood II Holding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Deerwood II Park, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Dockspot UK Limited, a United Kingdom corporation 
 Dockspot US, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Dutton Mill Village, LLC , a Michigan limited liability company 
 Egelcraft, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 East Fork Crossing Manager LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 El Capitan Canyon, LLC, a California limited liability company 
 Evengain Ltd, an England and Wales corporation 
 FC East Fork Crossing LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 FC Glen Laurel LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 FC Meadowbrook LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 FC Pebble Creek LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 FC River Ranch Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership 
 FC Stonebridge Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership 
 FC Summit Ridge Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership 
 FC Sunset Ridge Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership 
 Field of Dreams Financing LLC, a Maryland limited liability company 
 Field of Dreams Holding Company, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company 
 FIMFO LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Fox Creek Reserve, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 FPG Sun Menifee 80 LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 GCP Countryside GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GCP Countryside Limited Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership 
 GCP Fairfield Village, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 iii 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries, Continued 

GCP Kings Pointe, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GCP LaCosta Holding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GCP Lake Pointe Village, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GCP Lakeshore, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GCP Lamplighter, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GCP Lamplighter Holding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GCP Maplewood, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GCP Maplewood Holding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GCP Maplewood Two, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GCP Murex Holding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GCP Oak Creek, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GCP Oak Creek Holding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GCP Parkside Holding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GCP Parkside Village, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GCP Plantation Landings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GCP Plantation Landings Holding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GCP Skyline, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GCP Smart Holding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GCP Smart Parent, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GCP Stewartville, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GCP Sundance, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GCP Swan Meadow, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GCP Town and Country, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GCP Town and Country Holding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GCP Valley View, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GCP Walden Woods One, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GCP Walden Woods Two, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GCP Westside Ridge, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Glen Laurel Manager LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Golden Sands Ltd, an England and Wales corporation 
 Golden Valley TRS JV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Green Courte R.E. Fund, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 GTSC, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Guadalupe River TRS JV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Gulfstream Utility LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Hagerstown TRS JV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Hammerton Caravan Group Limited, an England and Wales corporation 
 Hammerton Leisure Limited, an England and Wales corporation 
 Hamptons Holding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Hamptons Park, LLC, Delaware limited liability company 
 Harts Holiday Camps Ltd, an England and Wales corporation 
 Harts Holiday Village Ltd, an England and Wales corporation 
 Henfold Country Park Ltd, a United Kingdom corporation 
 Henfold Leisure Limited, a United Kingdom corporation 
 Hickory Hills Village, LLC , a Michigan limited liability company 
 Hickory Hills Village MHP Holding Company #1, LLC , a Michigan limited liability company 
 Hidden Ridge An RV Community, LLC , a Michigan limited liability company 
 Hidden Ridge RV Park Holding Company #1, LLC , a Michigan limited liability company 
 High Point Associates, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership 
 High Point GP One LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Hill Country Resorts Bev. Co., LLC, a Texas limited liability company 
 Hill Country Resorts, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 iv 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries, Continued 

Hill Country Resorts SUB1, LLC, a Texas limited liability company 
 Hill Country Resorts SUB2, LLC, a Texas limited liability company 
 Hill Country TRS JV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Hitching Post Recreation, Inc., a Florida corporation 
 Holiday West Village Mobile Home Park, LLC , a Michigan limited liability company 
 Ingenia Communities Fund, an Australian entity 
 Ingenia Communities Holdings Limited, an Australian entity 
 Ingenia Communities Management Trust, an Australian trust 
 Inlet View Holdings, LLC, a Virginia limited liability company 
 International Marina Group I, L.P., a Texas limited partnership 
 Jensen s Cherrywood Community, LLC, a New York limited liability company 
 Jensen s Crossroads, LLC, a South Carolina limited liability company 
 Jensen s Southside Landing, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company 
 Kerrville Camp-Resort, LLC, a Texas limited liability company 
 LaCosta Property, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Ladycroft Ltd, an England and Wales corporation 
 Lakeshore Landings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Lakeshore Utilities, Inc., a Delaware corporation 
 Lakeshore Utilities, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 Lazy River Resort, LLC, a New York limited liability company 
 Lazy River TRS JV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Leisure Village MHP Holding Company #1, LLC , a Michigan limited liability company 
 Leisure Village Mobile Home Park, LLC , a Michigan limited liability company 
 Little Munyon, LLC, a Florida limited liability company 
 LIW Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership 
 Long Neck Water Company, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 Luray TRS JV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Maple Brook, L.L.C., an Illinois limited liability company 
 Marina PDR Hospitality LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Marina PDR Operations LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Marina Software, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Marlie Fann Holiday Village Ltd, an England and Wales corporation 
 Martello Beach Ltd, an England and Wales corporation 
 McIntosh Utilities, Inc., a Florida non-profit corporation 
 Meadowbrook Manager LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Meadow Lake Development Company LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Memphis TRS JV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Miami Lakes GP One LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Miami Lakes Venture Associates LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Mi-Te-Jo Campground TRS JV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Mountain View Resorts, LLC, a Virginia limited liability company 
 National Home Communities, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NexT Software, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NG Hospitality Creek Home Services LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 NG Hospitality Creek LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 NG TRS Hospitality Creek LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 NHC-CA101, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL101, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL102, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL103, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL104, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL105, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 v 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries, Continued 

NHC-FL106, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL107, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL108, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL109, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL110, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL111, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL112, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL113, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL114, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL115, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL116, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL117, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL118, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL119, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL120, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL122, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL123, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL124, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL125, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL126, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL127, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL128, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL129, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL130, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL130A, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL131, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL132, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL133, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL134, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL135, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL136, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL137, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL138, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL139, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL140, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL141, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL142, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL143, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL144, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL145, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL201, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL202, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL203, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL204, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL205, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL206, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL207, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL208, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL209, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL210, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-FL212, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-MA101, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 vi 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries, Continued 

NHC-NC101, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-NJ101, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-NJ102, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-NJ103, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-TX101, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-TX102, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-TX103, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC-TX104, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NHC Mezz Borrower LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 North American Glamping LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Northgate Golden Valley, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 
 Northgate Ossipee Lessee, LLC, a New Hampshire limited liability company 
 Northgate Ossipee, LLC, a New Hampshire limited liability company 
 Northgate Ossipee Storage, LLC, a New Hampshire limited liability company 
 NRVC-Holding Co. LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 NRVC Valley Investment LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Oak Island Village Mobile Home Park, LLC , a Michigan limited liability company 
 Oak Ridge, L.L.C., an Illinois limited liability company 
 Ocean One Hundred Limited, a United Kingdom corporation 
 Origen Financial Services LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Palm Creek Holdings LLC, an Arizona limited liability company 
 Palm Key Village Holding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Palm Key Village Park, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Park Leisure 2000 (Cornwall) Limited, an England corporation 
 Park Leisure 2000 Limited, an England corporation 
 Park Leisure 2000 (Northumberland) Limited, an England corporation 
 Park Leisure Group Limited, an England corporation 
 Park Holidays UK Finance Ltd, an England and Wales corporation 
 Park Holidays UK Limited, an England and Wales corporation 
 Park Place Community, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 Park Royale MHP, L.L.C, a Delaware limited liability company 
 PDR Acquisitions, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Pebble Creek Manager LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Pelican Bay Communities, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Pelican Commercial, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Pemican Limited, a United Kingdom corporation 
 Pinebrook Village Mobile Home Park, LLC , a Michigan limited liability company 
 Prime-Forest Partners, a Florida general partnership 
 Quarryville Resorts GP, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Quarryville Resorts, LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership 
 Quarryville TRS JV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Rancho Alipaz Owner LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Rancho Alipaz Owner II LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Rancho Alipaz Owner III LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 RBY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company 
 R.E.Fund Newport, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 RezPlot Systems LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 River Haven Operating Company LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 River Ranch Manager LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Riverside Golf Course Community, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 Riverside Utilities, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 RMLPG, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 vii 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries, Continued 

Route 27 Associates, LTD., a Florida limited partnership 
 Royal Palm Village, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 RSBC Delaware, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 RSBC Real Estate Company, LLLP, a Delaware limited liability limited partnership 
 Safe Harbor Marinas, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Safe Harbor Severn Yacht Club, Inc., a Maryland non-stock corporation 
 Sand Le Mere Caravan Park Limited, an England and Wales corporation 
 Savanna Eagles Retreat, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 Savanna Landlord, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 Savanna Links, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 Savanna Preserve, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 SCF Manager Inc., a Michigan corporation 
 SC Henfold Vernon LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 SCI BidCo Limited, a Jersey-Channel Islands corporation 
 SCI OpCo Limited, a United Kingdom corporation 
 SCI SG Bidco Limited, an England corporation 
 Sea Breeze GP One LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sea Breeze Limited Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership 
 Seaview Holiday Park Ltd, an England and Wales corporation 
 Seaview Holiday Village Limited, an England and Wales corporation 
 Shaddix Communities, LTD., a Florida limited partnership 
 SH Bluewater Yacht Sales, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 
 Sheffield MHP, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 SH Marinas, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM 77, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM 77 TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Anacapa Isle, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Anacapa Isle TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Angler House TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Annapolis, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Annapolis TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Aqualand, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Aqualand TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Aqua Yacht, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Aqua Yacht TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Ashley Fuels, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Ashley Fuels TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Bahia Bleu, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Bahia Bleu TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Ballena Isle, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Ballena Isle TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Beaufort, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Beaufort TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Beaver Creek, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Beaver Creek TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Belle Maer, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Belle Maer Manager, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Belle Maer TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Beverage Holding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Beverage, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Bluewater, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Bluewater TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 viii 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries, Continued 

SHM Bohemia Vista, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Bohemia Vista TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Brady Mountain, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Brady Mountain TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Bristol Marina, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Bristol Marina TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Bruce & Johnson, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Bruce & Johnson TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Burnside, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Burnside TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Burnt Store, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Burnt Store TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM BYYG Intermediate, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM BYYG, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Cabrillo Beach, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Cabrillo Isle, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Cabrillo Isle TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Calusa, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Calusa TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Cape Harbour, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Cape Harbour TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Capri, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Capri TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Carroll Island, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Carroll Island TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Charleston Boatyard, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Charleston Boatyard TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Charleston City Marina, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Charleston City Marina TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM CMS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Cove Haven, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Cove Haven TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Cove Plaza, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Cowesett, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Cowesett TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Crystal Point, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Crystal Point TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Dauntless, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Dauntless TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Deep River, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Deep River TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Detroit River, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Detroit River TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Dockspot, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Duck Island, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Eagle Cove, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Eagle Cove TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Edgartown MV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Edgartown MV TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Emerald Coast, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Emerald Coast TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Emerald Point, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 ix 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries, Continued 

SHM Emerald Point TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Emeryville, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Emeryville TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Ferry Point, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Ferry Point TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Fiddler s Cove, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Fiddler s Cove TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Gaines, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Gaines TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Glen Cove, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Glen Cove TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Grand Isle, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Grand Isle TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Great Island, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Great Island TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Great Lakes, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Great Lakes TRS, LLC a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Great Oak Landing, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company SHM Great Oak Landing TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Green Harbor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Green Harbor TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Greenport, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Greenport TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Greenwich Bay, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Greenwich Bay TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Grider Hill, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Grider Hill TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Hacks Point, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Hacks Point TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Harbor House, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Harborage YC, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Harborage YC TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Harbors View, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Harbors View TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Harbortown, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Harbortown TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Haverstraw, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Haverstraw TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Hawthorne Cove, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Hawthorne Cove TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Hideaway Bay, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Hideaway Bay TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Holdings 1, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Holdings II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Holly Creek, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Holly Creek TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM IMG GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM IP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Islamorada, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Islamorada TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Island Park, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Jamestown Boatyard, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 x 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries, Continued 

SHM Jamestown Boatyard TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Jamestown, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Jamestown TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Jarrett Bay, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Jarrett Bay TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Jefferson Beach, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Jefferson Beach TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM King s Point, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM King s Point TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Kittery Point, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Kittery Point TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Lakefront, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Lakefront TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM LMC, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM LMC TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Loch Lomond, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Loch Lomond TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Manasquan, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Manasquan TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Marathon, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Marathon TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Marina Bay, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Marina Bay TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Marina Way, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM MBYH, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM MBYH TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Mill Creek, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Mill Creek TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Mystic, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Mystic TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Narrows Point, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Narrows Point TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM NEB, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM NEB Tenant, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM NEB TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM New Port Cove, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM New Port Cove TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Newport Shipyard, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Newport Shipyard TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM North Palm Beach, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM North Palm Beach TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Old Port Cove, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Old Port Cove TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Onset Bay, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Onset Bay TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Outer Banks, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Outer Banks TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Oxford, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Oxford TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Pier 121, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Pier 121 TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 xi 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries, Continued 

SHM Pilots Point, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Pilots Point TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Pineland, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Pineland TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Plymouth, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Plymouth TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Podickory, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Podickory TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Port Royal, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Port Royal TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Post Road, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Post Road TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM PR, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM PR TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Puerto Del Rey, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Puerto Del Rey TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM PYC, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM PYC TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Regatta Pointe, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Regatta Pointe TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Rentals, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Reserve Harbor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Reserve Harbor TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Rockland, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Rockland TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM RW, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Rybovich RB TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Rybovich WPB TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Sakonnet, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Sakonnet TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Sandusky, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Sandusky TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Shelburne, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Shelburne TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Shelter Island, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Shelter Island TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Shop, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM SHV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM SHV TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Siesta Key, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Siesta Key TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Silver Spring, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Silver Spring TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Skippers Landing, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Skippers Landing TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Skull Creek, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Skull Creek TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM South Bay, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM South Bay TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM South Fork JV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM South Fork, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM South Fork Manager, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 xii 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries, Continued 

SHM Sportsman, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Sportsman TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Star Island, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Star Island TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Stingray, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Stingray TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Stratford, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Stratford TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Sunroad, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Sunroad TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Sunset Bay, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Sunset Bay TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Toledo Beach, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Toledo Beach TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Tower Marine, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Tower Marine TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Trade Winds, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Trade Winds TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Ventura Isle, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Ventura Isle TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Vineyard Haven, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Vineyard Haven TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Walden, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Walden TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Water Club, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Waterway Estates, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Waterway Estates TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Wentworth, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Wentworth TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Westport, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Westport TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Wickford Cove, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Wickford Cove TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Willsboro, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Willsboro TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Wisdom Dock, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Wisdom Dock TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Yacht Haven, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Yacht Haven TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Yacht Sales, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Zahnisers, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHM Zahnisers TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SHS Campspot LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Silver Sands Leisure Park Limited, an England and Wales corporation 
 Sky Harbor Property, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SNF Mezz 1 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SNF Property LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SNF TRS LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Solar Energy Project AZ LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Solar Energy Project CA II LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Solar Energy Project III LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 xiii 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries, Continued 

Solar Energy Project LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Solar The Sands LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Southgate Dan at Spyglass Hill Bidco Limited, an England corporation 
 Southgate Dan at Spyglass Hill Equityco Limited, a Jersey corporation 
 Southgate Dan at Spyglass Hill Holdco Limited, a Jersey corporation 
 Southgate Dan at Spyglass Hill Propco 1 Limited, an England corporation 
 Southgate Dan at Spyglass Hill Propco 2 Limited, an England corporation 
 Southport Springs Holding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Southport Springs Park, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Southwood Village MHP Holding Company #1, LLC , a Michigan limited liability company 
 Southwood Village Mobile Home Park, LLC , a Michigan limited liability company 
 SR East LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 SR Hunter s Crossing LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 SR Silver Springs LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 SR West II LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 SR West LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 SSI Amalco Real Estate Holdings ULC, a British Columbia ULC 
 SSI Canada Property LP, a Delaware limited partnership 
 SSI Mezz 1 GP Inc., an Ontario corporation 
 SSI Mezz 1 LP, a Delaware limited partnership 
 SSI Mezz 2 GP Inc., an Ontario corporation 
 SSI Mezz 2 LP, a Delaware limited partnership 
 SSI Property GP Inc., an Ontario corporation 
 SSI TRS GP Inc., an Ontario corporation 
 SSI TRS LP, an Ontario limited partnership 
 Stockton Delta Resort, LLC, a California limited liability company 
 Stonebridge Manager LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Stonebrook Community, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 SUI TRS, Inc., a Michigan corporation 
 Summit Ridge Manager LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun 47 North LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun 47 North Marketing Center LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun 49er Village RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Academy West Point LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun ACQ LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun ACQ II LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Adirondack Gateway RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun AIOP GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Sun Allendale Meadows LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Andover LLC, a Michigan limited liability company Sun Apple Creek LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Arbor Terrace LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Arbor Woods, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Archview RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Ariana LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Assignment II LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Assignment, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Association Island RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Augusta LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Autumn Ridge Estates LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Beachwood RV Resort LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Bear Commercial, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 xiv 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries, Continued 

Sun Bear Lake Garden City LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Beechwood LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Bel Air LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Bell Crossing LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Big Timber RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Birch Hill LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Blazing Star LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Blueberry Hill LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Bluebonnet LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Bluewater Beach RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Boulder Ridge LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Boulder Ridge Vacant LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Branch Creek LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Brookside Manor LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Buena Vista MH LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun BW Jelly-Mammoth Cave RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Caliente Sands, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Camelot Villa LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Canyonlands RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Cape Cod RV LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company 
 Sun Cape Cod RV II LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company 
 Sun Carolina Pines RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Carrington Pointe LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Cave Creek LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Cedar Haven LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Cedar Springs LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 SunChamp Holdings LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 SunChamp LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Charlevoix Estates LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Cherrystone RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Cherrywood LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Chincoteague Bay RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Chincoteague Island LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Chula Vista Bayfront RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Chula Vista Existing Park RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Cider Mill Crossings LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Club Naples LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Coastal Plantation LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Cobus Green LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Colony in the Wood GP LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Communities Acquisitions, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Communities Canada, Inc., an Ontario corporation 
 Sun Communities Finance, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Communities Financial LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Communities Funding GP L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Communities Funding II LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Communities Funding Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership 
 Sun Communities Mezzanine Lender, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Communities Springing Corp., a Michigan corporation 
 Sun Communities Texas Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership 
 Sun Communities Texas Mezzanine Lender Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership 
 Sun Compass RV, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 xv 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries, Continued 

Sun Continental North LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Country Lakes LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Countryside Atlanta LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Countryside Lake Lanier LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Country Village LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Creeks Crossing LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Crown Villa RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Cutler Estates LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Driftwood RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Dunedin Motel LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Eagle Crest LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Eleven Mile LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Emerald Coast RV, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Emerald Coast RV Storage, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun FIMFO LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Financial, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Financial Texas Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership 
 Sun Fisherman s Cove LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Flamingo Lake RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun FM2016 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Sun Foothills Fort Collins LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Forest Hill LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Forest Holdings LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Forest LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Forest Meadows LLC a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Forest Springs LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Fort Dupont RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Fort Whaley LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Fort Whaley TRS LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Four Seasons LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Fox Run LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun FPG Venture LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Frontier LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Frontier TRS LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sungenia Development Pty Ltd, an Australian entity 
 Sungenia LandCo Pty Ltd, an Australian entity 
 Sungenia Land Trust, an Australian trust 
 Sungenia OpCo Pty Ltd, an Australian entity 
 Sungenia Operations Trust, an Australian trust 
 Sun Gig Harbor RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Gold Coaster LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun GP L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Grand Lake Golf, Inc., a Michigan corporation 
 Sun Grand Lake LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Grove Beach LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Groves LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Gwinnett LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Gwynn s Island RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Gypsum Mill Development LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Gypsum Mill East LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Gypsum Mill West LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Haas Lake RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 xvi 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries, Continued 

Sun Hacienda Del Rio LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Hamlin LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Hancock Heights LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Hatch Court LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Hawaiian Holly LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun HG Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership 
 Sun Hid n Pines RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun High Point QRS, Inc., a Michigan corporation 
 Sun Highland Greens Estates LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Hillcrest LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Holiday Park LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Holly Forest LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Holly Shores RV Resort LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Home Services Canada, Inc., an Ontario corporation 
 Sun Home Services, Inc., a Michigan corporation 
 Sun Hotel LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Hunters Glen LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Huntington Run LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Hyde Park LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun INA Development LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun INA Equity LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Indian Creek LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Indian Creek RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Inlet Lender LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Insurance, Inc., a Michigan corporation 
 Sun Island Lakes LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Jelly-Birchwood NY RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Jelly Chicago RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Jelly-Larkspur CO RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Jelly-Natural Bridge RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Jelly-WNY RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Jensen LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Sun Jetstream NASA RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Kimberly Estates LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun King s Court LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Kings Lake LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Knollwood LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Lafayette Place LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun La Hacienda RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sunlake Estates Utilities, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 Sun Lake Josephine RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Lake Juliana LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Lake Laurie RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Lake Rudolph Gas LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Lake San Marino LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Lakeside Crossing LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Lakeside LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Lakeview CT LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Lakeview LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Lakeview Mobile Estates LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Lantana Ranch North LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Lantana Ranch South LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 xvii 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries, Continued 

Sun Laurel Heights LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Lazy J LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Lazy Lakes LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Leaf Verde RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Leisure Point Resort LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Lender RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Life Associates Limited Partnership, an Arizona limited partnership 
 Sun Life Trailer Resort Limited Partnership, an Arizona limited partnership 
 Sun LIW GP LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun MA, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Marina Cove LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Marquette LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Massey s Landing RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Maui Jack s Waterpark LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Meadowbrook FL LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Meadowlands Gibralter LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Sun Meadows Lake LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Meadowstone LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun MHC Development LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Millwood LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Moab Valley RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Mouse Mountain RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Naples Gardens LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun New England Village LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Newpoint RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG Acquisitions LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG Barryville Lot 8 RV L.P., a Michigan limited partnership 
 Sun NG Barryville RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG Beaver Brook RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG Cedar Rapids Home Services LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG Cedar Rapids RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG Cisco Grove RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG Coyote Ranch Home Services LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG Coyote Ranch RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG Glen Ellis RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG Jelly-Barton Lake RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG Jelly-Lone Star TX RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG Kittatinny RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG Lackawaxen RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG Matamoras RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG PE Barryville Holdings LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG Pond Eddy Lot 39 RV L.P., a Michigan limited partnership 
 Sun NG Pond Eddy RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG River Beach RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG RV Resorts LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Sun NG TRS Barryville LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG TRS Beaver Brook LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG TRS Cedar Rapids LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG TRS Cisco Grove LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG TRS Coyote Ranch LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 xviii 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries, Continued 

Sun NG TRS Glen Ellis LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG TRS Jelly-Barton LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG TRS Jelly-Lone Star TX LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG TRS Kittatinny LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG TRS Lackawaxen LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG TRS Matamoras LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG TRS Pond Eddy LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG TRS River Beach LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG TRS Whispering Pines LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG Whispering Pines Home Services LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG Whispering Pines RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun NG Whitewater RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun North Lake Estates LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Northville Crossing LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Oakcrest LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Oakcrest II LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Oak Grove LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 SUNOA, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Ocean Pines LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Oceanside Beachfront RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Ocean West Expansion, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Ocean West, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Orange City LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Orange Tree LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Pandion Ridge Commercial RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Pandion Ridge RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Park Owned Homes LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Paso Robles RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Pearwood RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Pecan Park RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Peters Pond RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Petoskey RV, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Petoskey RV Kampgrounds LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Pheasant Ridge LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Pheasant Ridge RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Pine Acre Trails LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Pine Hills LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Pine Ridge LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Pine Trace LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Pineview Estates LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Pleasant Acres RV Resort LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Pony Express RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Pool 1 LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Pool 3 LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Pool 8 LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun PreAcq LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun QRS, Inc., a Michigan corporation 
 Sun QRS Pool 1, Inc., a Michigan corporation 
 Sun QRS Pool 4, Inc., a Michigan corporation 
 Sun QRS Pool 8, Inc., a Michigan corporation 
 Sun QRS Pool 9, Inc., a Michigan corporation 
 Sun QRS Pool 13, Inc., a Michigan corporation 
 xix 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries, Continued 

Sun QRS Pool A, Inc., a Michigan corporation 
 Sun QRS Pool B, Inc., a Michigan corporation 
 Sun QRS Ridge, Inc., a Michigan corporation 
 Sun QRS Sheffield, Inc., a Michigan corporation 
 Sun Rainbow RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Ranch 201 LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Rancho Alipaz LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Receivables LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Sun Resort Amenities LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Reunion Lake RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Richmond Industrial LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Richmond LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun River Plantation RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun River Plantation TRS LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun River Ridge II LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun River Ridge MI LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun River Run Ranch RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Riverside Drive LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Riverside LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Rock Crusher Canyon RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Rocky Mountain RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Rolling Hills LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Roxbury Park LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Rudgate Lender LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun RV Sunset Lakes, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Saco RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Saddle Brook Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership 
 Sun Saddle Oak LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Scio Farms LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Sea Breeze QRS, Inc., a Michigan corporation 
 Sun Seaport RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Seashore RV, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Secured Financing Houston LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Secured Financing LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Secured Springing LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sunset Ridge Manager LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Shelby Forest LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Shelby West LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Shell 1 LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Shell 2 LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Shell 3 LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Shell 4 LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Shell 5 LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Shell 6 LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Shenandoah Acres RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Siesta Bay LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Siesta Bay Vacant LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Silver Creek RV Resort LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Silver Creek RV Resort II LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Silver Star LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Slickrock RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Smith Creek Crossing LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 xx 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries, Continued 

Sun Southern Leisure RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Southern Palms LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Spanish Trails LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Stoneridge Villas LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Strafford Lake RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Sunlake Estates LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Sunrise Estates LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Sunset Beach RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Sylvan Crossing LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Sylvan Glen LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Sylvan Lender LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Tall Pines Harbor RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Tampa East, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Tanglewood Village LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Texas QRS, Inc., a Michigan corporation 
 Sun The Colony LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun The Willows LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Themeworld RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Three Gardens LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Three Lakes LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Thunderhill II LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Town & Country LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Tranquility LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Troy Villa LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS 49er Village LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Archview LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Association Island LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Beachwood LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Big Timber LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Blazing Star LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Blueberry Hill LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Blue Heron Pines LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Bluewater Beach LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Buttonwood Bay LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Canyonlands LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Cape Cod LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Carolina Pines LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Castaways LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Castaways SPE, Inc., a Michigan corporation 
 Sun TRS Cava Robles LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Cherrystone LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Chicago LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Chincoteague Island LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Chula Vista Existing Park LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Costa Vista LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Crown Villa LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Cypress Greens LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Driftwood LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS El Capitan Ocean Mesa LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Flamingo LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Gas Archview LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 xxi 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries, Continued 

Sun TRS Gas Canyonlands LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Gwynn s Island LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Haas Lake LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Hidden Ridge LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Hid N Pines LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Hill Country LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Holly Shores LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Homosassa LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Indian Creek FL LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Indian Creek LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Jelly-Birchwood NY LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Jelly-Larkspur CO LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Jelly-Mammoth Cave LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Jelly-Natural Bridge LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Jelly-WNY LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS La Hacienda LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Lake Laurie LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Lake Rudolph LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Leaf Verde LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Leisure Point LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS LIW LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS LL Castaways LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS LL Southport Springs LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Massey LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Maui Jack s LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Moab Valley LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Mouse Mountain LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS NASA LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Newpoint LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Northgate LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS North Lake LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Ocean Breeze LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Ocean Club LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Oceanside Beachfront LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Palm Creek LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Pandion Ridge LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Pecan Park LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Peters Pond LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Petoskey Kampgrounds LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Pheasant Ridge LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Pleasant Acres LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Reunion Lake LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS River Plantation Aerial Park LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS River Run Ranch LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Riverside LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Rock Crusher Canyon LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Saco LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Sands RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Seaport LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Seashore LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Shenandoah LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Siesta Bay LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 xxii 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries, Continued 

Sun TRS Slickrock RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Southern Leisure LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Southport Springs LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Strafford Lake LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Sun N Fun RV Resort LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Sunset Lakes LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS The Hamptons LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Vines LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Wagon Wheel LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Wells Beach LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Westward Ho LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Wild Acres LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun TRS Wine Country LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun UK Holding LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Sun Vacation Rentals LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Valley Arizona, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 Sun Ventures LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Villa MHC LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Vines RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Vista Del Lago LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Sun Wagon Wheel RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Water Oak Expansion LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Water Oak Golf, Inc., a Michigan corporation 
 Sun Wells Beach RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Westbrook Senior Village LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Westward Ho RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Wild Acres RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Willow Bend LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Windham Hills LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Wine Country RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Woodsmoke RV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun Yankee Village LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sun York L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company 
 SV Lift, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 SW SHM Beverage, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Sycamore Village MHP Holding Company #1, LLC , a Michigan limited liability company 
 Sycamore Village Mobile Home Park, LLC , a Michigan limited liability company 
 Tamarac Village Mobile Home Park, LLC , a Michigan limited liability company 
 The South Devon Holiday Parks Limited, an England and Wales corporation 
 Thorney Bay Park Limited, a United Kingdom corporation 
 Three Ponds Resort, LLC, a New Hampshire limited liability company 
 Thunderhill Estates, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 Tiger Bidco Ltd, an England and Wales corporation 
 Tiger Debtco Ltd, an England and Wales corporation 
 Tiger Group Ltd, an England and Wales corporation 
 Tiger Midco Ltd, an England and Wales corporation 
 Tiger Topco 1 Ltd, an England and Wales corporation 
 Time GB (SB) Limited, an England corporation 
 Tower Park & Marina TRS JV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Tower Park Restaurant, LLC, a California limited liability company 
 Trevella Caravan Company Limited, an England and Wales corporation 
 Turnberry Holiday Park Limited, an England and Wales corporation 
 xxiii 

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries, Continued 

Vizcaya Lakes Communities, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Warren Dunes Village MHP Holding Company #1, LLC , a Michigan limited liability company 
 Warren Dunes Village MHP, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 Waverly Shores Village II LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Waverly Shores Village Mobile Home Park, LLC , a Michigan limited liability company 
 Westward Shores TRS JV LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Whitewater Acres LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Wildwood Sales TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Wildwood Titleholder, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Windmill Village Holding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Windmill Village Park, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Windsor Woods Village MHP Holding Company #1, LLC , a Michigan limited liability company 
 Windsor Woods Village Mobile Home Park, LLC , a Michigan limited liability company 
 WM Pismo Beach Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Woodlake Manager LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 
 Woodlands Church Lake, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 W.S.G. Operating Company Ltd, an England and Wales corporation 
 
 xxiv 

</EX-21>

<EX-22.1>
 3
 exhibit221-20221231listofi.htm
 EX-22.1

Document 

List of Issuers of Guaranteed Securities 
 
 As of February 23, 2023, the debt instruments indicated below are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Sun Communities, Inc. 
 
 Debt Instrument Issuer Jurisdiction of Organization 2.3 Senior Notes due 2028 Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership Michigan 2.7 Senior Notes due 2031 Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership Michigan 4.2 Senior Notes due 2032 Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership Michigan 5.7 Senior Notes due 2033 Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership Michigan 

</EX-22.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exhibit231-consentofgrantt.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We have issued our reports dated February 23, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of Sun Communities, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of Sun Communities, Inc. on Form S-3 (File No. 333-255020) and on Form S-8 (File No. 333-265524). 
 
 s GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit311-20221231ceocert.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 (As Adopted Under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 
 I, Gary A. Shiffman, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sun Communities, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated February 23, 2023 s Gary A. Shiffman Gary A. Shiffman, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 exhibit321-20221231ceoandc.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 (Adopted Under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 
 The undersigned officers, Gary A. Shiffman and Fernando Castro-Caratini, hereby certify that to the best of their knowledge (a) this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sun Communities, Inc., for the period ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and (b) the information contained in this Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Signature Date s Gary A. Shiffman February 23, 2023 Gary A. Shiffman, Chief Executive Officer s Fernando Castro-Caratini February 23, 2023 Fernando Castro-Caratini, Chief Financial Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Sun Communities, Inc. and will be retained by Sun Communities, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 exhibit312-20221231cfocert.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 (As Adopted Under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 
 I, Fernando Castro-Caratini, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sun Communities, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated February 23, 2023 s Fernando Castro-Caratini Fernando Castro-Caratini, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 sui-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 sui-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 sui-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 sui-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 sui-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

