<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1576263_0001628280-23-005576.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9951799</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>406508</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2372735</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2770819</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2262240</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1978885</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-005576.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228162614
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-005576
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Mirati Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001576263
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				462693615
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35921
		FILM NUMBER:		23685890

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3545 CRAY COURT
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-332-3410

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3545 CRAY COURT
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-005576.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 mrtx-20221231.htm
 10-K

mrtx-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 ___________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 (Mark one) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 ___________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 _____________________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 ______________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates (based on the closing price on the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter as reported on The Nasdaq Global Select Market) was billion. All executive officers and directors of the registrant and certain shareholders filing a Schedule 13D or Schedule 13G with the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect to registrant s common stock have been deemed, solely for the purpose of the foregoing calculation, to be affiliates of the registrant. 
 As of February 22, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Certain information required to be disclosed in Part III of this report is incorporated by reference from the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which proxy statement will be filed not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this report. 

Table of Contents Page Forward-Looking Statements 1 
 Summary of Risk Factors 1 
 PART I Item 1. Business 2 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 13 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 43 
 Item 2. Properties 43 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 43 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 43 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 44 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 46 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 47 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 54 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 55 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 55 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 55 
 Item 9B. Other Information 57 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 57 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 58 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 58 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 58 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 58 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 58 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 59 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 63 
 SIGNATURES 93 

i 

PART I 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report and the information incorporated herein by reference includes forward-looking statements regarding our business and the therapeutic and commercial potential of our technologies and products in development. Any statement describing our goals, expectations, financial or other projections, intentions or beliefs, is a forward-looking statement and should be considered an at-risk statement. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, particularly those inherent in the process of discovering, developing and commercializing medicines that are safe and effective for use as human therapeutics, and in the endeavor of building a business around such medicines. Our forward-looking statements also involve assumptions that, if they never materialize or prove correct, could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this Annual Report, including those identified in Item 1A entitled Risk Factors . Although our forward-looking statements reflect the good faith judgment of our management, these statements are based only on facts and factors currently known by us. As a result, you are cautioned not to rely or place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. References in this Annual Report to we , our , us , Mirati or the Company refer to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 
 Risks Related to our Business and Industry 
 Our prospects are highly dependent on the successful commercialization of KRAZATI, which received marketing approval in December 2022 from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ), for the treatment of adult patients with previously treated KRAS G12C-mutated non-small cell lung cancer NSCLC who have received prior systemic therapy. To the extent KRAZATI is not commercially successful, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially adversely affected and the price of our common stock would likely decline. 
 Other than KRAZATI, our research and development programs and product candidates are in development. As a result, we are unable to predict if or when we will successfully develop or commercialize our other product candidates. 
 Our product candidates, as well as KRAZATI, are subject to extensive regulation, which can be costly and time consuming, cause delays, or prevent approval of such product candidates for commercialization. 
 Prior to KRAZATI, we have not, as an organization, launched or commercialized a product. If we are unable to effectively commercialize KRAZATI, we may not be able to generate meaningful product revenues. 
 KRAZATI may not gain acceptance among physicians, patients, and the medical community, thereby limiting our potential to generate revenues. 
 If we fail to obtain coverage and adequate reimbursement for KRAZATI or other future products, our revenue-generating ability will be diminished and there is no assurance that the anticipated market for our products will be sustained. 
 If our competitors develop and market products that are more effective than KRAZATI or our other product candidates, they may reduce or eliminate our commercial opportunity. 
 We rely upon third-party contractors and service providers for the execution of some aspects of our development programs. Failure of these collaborators to provide services of a suitable quality and within acceptable timeframes may cause the delay or failure of our development programs. 
 Our product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of an approved product label, including KRAZATI's, or result in significant negative consequences following marketing approval, if any. 
 We are subject to competition for our skilled personnel and may experience challenges in identifying and retaining key personnel that could impair our ability to conduct our operations effectively. 
 
 Risks Related to our Financial Position and Capital Requirements 
 We will require additional financing and may be unable to raise sufficient capital, which could lead us to delay, reduce or abandon development programs. 
 
 Risks Related to our Intellectual Property 
 We may not obtain adequate protection for our product and product candidates through patents and other intellectual property rights and as such, our competitive advantage in the marketplace may be compromised. 

1 

Table of Contents 

Item 1. Business 
 BUSINESS 
 Company Overview 
 
 Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. is a commercial-stage oncology company developing novel therapeutics to address the genetic and immunological promoters of cancer. 
 
 We have multiple KRAS inhibitor programs. KRAZATI is our first commercial product. KRAZATI was approved by the FDA in December 2022 and we commenced commercial sales in the U.S. at that time. KRAZATI is an oral targeted treatment option for adult patients with KRAS G12C-mutated locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC, as determined by an FDA-approved test, who have received at least one prior systemic therapy. Adagrasib (KRAZATI is in clinical development as a monotherapy and in combination with other agents. MRTX1133 is an investigational, selective, specific and potent KRAS G12D inhibitor. In January 2023, the FDA cleared our investigational new drug application IND for MRTX1133 for clinical evaluation. 
 
 Sitravatinib is an investigational spectrum-selective kinase inhibitor designed to potently inhibit receptor tyrosine kinases RTK s) and enhance immune responses through the inhibition of immunosuppressive signaling and is in clinical development. 
 
 MRTX1719 is an investigational synthetic lethal PRMT5 inhibitor designed to specifically target the PRMT5/methylthioadensoine (MTA) complex and is in clinical development. 
 
 MRTX0902 is a potent, selective SOS1 inhibitor, designed to improve anti-tumor efficacy in combination with targeted mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK)-pathway inhibitors, and is in clinical development. 
 
 The Company also has additional discovery programs of potentially first-in-class and best-in-class product candidates specifically designed to address mutations and tumors where few treatment options exist. We approach all of our programs with a singular focus: to translate our deep understanding of the molecular drivers of cancer into better therapies and better outcomes for patients. 
 
 KRAS Inhibitor Programs 
 
 The RAS family of genes is the most commonly mutated oncogene and mutations in this gene family occur in up to approximately 25 of all human cancers. Among the RAS family members, mutations most frequently occur in KRAS (approximately 85 of all RAS family mutations). Tumors characterized by KRAS mutations are commonly associated with poor prognosis and resistance to therapy. Nonclinical studies have demonstrated that cancer cells exhibiting KRAS mutations are highly dependent on KRAS function for cell growth and survival. Our KRAS inhibitor programs are focused on the discovery and development of small molecule compounds that target various forms of KRAS, including KRAS G12C, KRAS G12D and other forms of spectrum-selective KRAS inhibitors. We are pursuing development of our KRAS G12C and KRAS G12D inhibitor programs in both single agent and rational combination approaches. 
 
 KRAZATI, a selective KRAS G12C inhibitor 
 
 KRAZATI is a commercially available, selective, specific, potent and orally available KRAS G12C inhibitor, designed to directly inhibit KRAS G12C mutations. Adagrasib also continues to be in clinical development varying from Phase 1 through Phase 3. KRAS G12C mutations are present in approximately 14 of NSCLC adenocarcinoma patients, 3-4 of colorectal cancer CRC patients, 2 of pancreatic cancer patients, as well as smaller percentages of several other difficult-to-treat cancers. 
 
 Approval of KRAZATI 
 
 On December 12, 2022, we announced the FDA completed its review of our New Drug Application NDA and granted accelerated approval for KRAZATI, a targeted treatment option for adult patients with KRAS G12C-mutated locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC, as determined by an FDA-approved test, who have received at least one prior systemic therapy. In connection with the accelerated approval, we are required to complete KRYSTAL-12 and other post-marketing commitments. The NDA was reviewed by the FDA for Accelerated Approval (Subpart H), which allows for the approval of drugs that treat serious conditions, and that fill an unmet medical need based on a surrogate endpoint. In addition, this application was reviewed under the FDA Real-Time Oncology Review pilot program, which aims to explore a more efficient 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 review process that ensures safe and effective treatments are made available to patients as early as possible, and achieved Breakthrough Therapy Designation for patients with NSCLC who harbor the KRAS G12C mutation following prior systemic therapy, and Breakthrough Therapy Designation for patients with advanced CRC whose cancer has progressed following prior treatment with chemotherapy and an anti-VEGF therapy. In April 2022, we submitted a Marketing Authorization Application to the European Medicines Agency EMA for adagrasib for the treatment of patients with NSCLC harboring the KRAS G12C mutation who have received at least one prior systemic therapy. The Company also has an Expanded Access Program for KRAZATI for the treatment of eligible patients with KRAS G12C-mutated cancers regardless of tumor type in the United States and Europe. 
 
 KRYSTAL-1 Trial 
 
 We received FDA clearance of our IND for adagrasib in November 2018, and, in January 2019, we initiated the dose escalation phase of KRYSTAL-1, a Phase 1/2 multiple expansion cohort clinical trial evaluating adagrasib in patients with advanced solid tumors that harbor KRAS G12C mutations both in monotherapy and in combination with other anticancer therapies. Following single agent dose escalation, the KRYSTAL-1 trial was expanded into multiple cohorts in which adagrasib is being evaluated both in monotherapy and in combination with other compounds in patients with NSCLC, CRC and those with other tumors that carry the KRAS G12C mutation. 
 
 The KRYSTAL-1 trial is evaluating the combination of adagrasib and a PD-1 inhibitor (pembrolizumab) in patients with NSCLC, the combination of adagrasib and a pan-EGFR inhibitor (afatinib) in patients with advanced NSCLC, and the combination of adagrasib and an anti-EGFR antibody (cetuximab) in patients with CRC. 
 
 On September 7, 2022, we presented results from KRYSTAL-1, a multi-cohort Phase 1/2 study, evaluating adagrasib with or without cetuximab in patients with advanced CRC harboring a KRASG12C mutation. 
 
 In this analysis, 44 patients received adagrasib monotherapy (600mg twice daily BID )) and 32 patients received the combination of adagrasib (600mg BID) with full dose cetuximab, with a follow up of 20.1 months and 17.5 months, respectively. 
 
 Of the evaluable patients in the adagrasib monotherapy cohort (n=43), the investigator assessed confirmed objective response rate ORR was 19 (8/43) and the disease control rate DCR was 86 (37/43). The median duration of response was 4.3 months (95 CI, 2.3 8.3) and median progression-free survival PFS was 5.6 months (95 CI, 4.1 8.3). 
 
 Of the evaluable patients in the adagrasib plus cetuximab combination cohort (n=28), the investigator assessed confirmed ORR was 46 (13/28) and the DCR was 100 (28/28). The median duration of response DOR was 7.6 months (95 CI 5.7 NE) and median PFS was 6.9 months (95 CI, 5.4 8.1). 
 
 In the overall subset of patients with KRAS G12C-mutated CRC evaluated in this study, adagrasib was found to be well-tolerated as a monotherapy and in combination with cetuximab. The majority of observed treatment-related adverse events TRAEs were grade 1 2 (59 ); no grade 5 TRAEs were observed. 
 
 On May 26, 2022, we presented results from the registration-enabling Phase 2 cohort of KRYSTAL-1 study, evaluating adagrasib at 600mg BID in patients with NSCLC harboring the KRAS G12C mutation who have received at least one prior systemic therapy. 
 
 As of October 15, 2021, 116 patients were enrolled and treated in the study. Of the patients enrolled, 98 had prior treatment with a PD-1/L1 inhibitor following or in combination with chemotherapy. Median follow up was 12.9 months. 
 
 Of the patients evaluable for response (n=112), initial results showed that the ORR by Blinded Independent Central Review BICR was 43 , the DCR was 80 , the median DOR was 8.5 months (95 confidence interval [CI]: 6.2 13.8), and the median PFS was 6.5 months (95 CI: 4.7 8.4). 
 
 With a January 15, 2022 data cutoff, the median overall survival OS was 12.6 months (95 CI: 9.2 19.2). 
 
 The safety profile of adagrasib in this study was consistent with prior reports and no new safety signals were observed. The most frequent TRAEs included gastrointestinal events and fatigue. The majority of TRAEs were Grade 1 2 (53 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 with Grade 3 4 TRAEs observed in 43 of patients. Two Grade 5 TRAEs were observed. TRAEs led to discontinuation of therapy in only 7 of patients. 
 
 In addition to these results, we reported findings from a pooled analysis in a total of 132 NSCLC patients from the KRYSTAL-1 study, including the registrational Phase 2 and Phase 1/1b cohorts evaluating adagrasib at a dose of 600mg BID. 
 
 As of October 15, 2021, results from this pooled analysis showed an ORR of 44 and a DCR of 81 based on BICR. The median DOR was 12.5 months and the median PFS was 6.9 months. 
 
 With a January 15, 2022 data cutoff and a median duration of follow-up of 15.9 months, the median OS was 14.1 months. 
 
 The safety and tolerability observed in this pooled analysis was consistent with what was reported with the Phase 2 cohort of KRYSTAL-1 noted above. 
 
 On June 6, 2022, we announced results of a prospective analysis from the Phase 1b cohort of the KRYSTAL-1 study evaluating intracranial (IC) responses of adagrasib in patients with KRAS G12C-mutated NSCLC with active and untreated central nervous system (CNS) metastases. With a median follow up of 6.6 months, 25 patients with active, untreated CNS metastases were enrolled in the study and treated with adagrasib 600mg BID, as of data cutoff date of December 2021. Of the radiographically evaluable patients (n=19), results showed an IC ORR of 32 by modified response assessment in neuro-oncology-brain metastases (modified RANO-BM) by BICR. Three patients achieved a complete response and three patients achieved a partial response. The IC disease control rate was 84 , and concordance of disease control between systemic and IC responses was 88 . 
 
 On June 6, 2022, we also provided updated results from the Phase 1b cohort of the KRYSTAL-1 trial evaluating the combination of adagrasib and a PD-1 inhibitor (pembrolizumab) in eight patients with KRAS G12C-mutated first-line NSCLC. The Phase 1b data showed adagrasib 400mg BID plus pembrolizumab had a manageable tolerability profile with no TRAEs leading to dose discontinuation. Of the seven patients evaluable for a response as of January 15, 2022, four had a confirmed RECIST-defined partial response and one additional patient, who is still on study, experienced 49 tumor regression in the first scan, which allowed for tumor resection prior to achieving a RECIST-defined confirmed response. The DCR was 100 , with all seven patients exhibiting tumor regression ranging from 37 to 81 . With a median duration of treatment of 12.9 months, four of the seven patients remained on treatment, as of the data cutoff date, and neither the median DOR nor median PFS had been reached. 
 
 On October 9, 2021, we presented preliminary results from a cohort of the KRYSTAL-1 clinical trial evaluating adagrasib at 600mg BID as monotherapy for patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma harboring a KRAS G12C mutation arm (n=12). Of the evaluable patients (n=10), preliminary results showed an investigator assessed ORR of 50 , including an unconfirmed PR, and a DCR of 100 . 
 
 Preliminary efficacy data was assessed as of August 30, 2020 in six patients with advanced solid tumors, other than NSCLC and CRC, treated with adagrasib as a monotherapy at 600mg BID dose from a Phase 1/1b cohort. One patient each with pancreatic, ovarian, endometrial and cholangiocarcinoma tumors were treated and had a confirmed PR to therapy. Two appendiceal cancer patients had stable disease and all six eligible patients remained on treatment. 
 
 KRYSTAL-7 
 
 In December 2020, we initiated KRYSTAL-7, the Phase 2 clinical trial includes the evaluation of the combination of adagrasib at 400mg BID with a PD-1 inhibitor (pembrolizumab) in patients with first-line NSCLC stratified by 
 On December 7, 2022, we presented preliminary results from the KRYSTAL-7 Phase 2 trial and KRYSTAL-1 Phase 1b cohort evaluating adagrasib (400mg twice daily) concurrently combined with pembrolizumab in patients for the treatment of first-line NSCLC harboring a KRASG12C mutation across all PD-L1 subgroups. 
 
 Adagrasib in combination with pembrolizumab demonstrates favorable tolerability and promising preliminary efficacy in patients with first-line advanced/metastatic NSCLC harboring a KRAS G12C mutation. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 The KRYSTAL-7 and KRYSTAL-1 trials represent the largest dataset evaluating a KRAS G12C inhibitor in combination with a PD-1/L1 checkpoint inhibitor as a first-line treatment for patients with NSCLC harboring a KRASG12C mutation. 
 
 75 patients were enrolled and evaluable for safety with a median follow-up of 3.5 months (duration of treatment: two months). TRAEs were Grade 1-2 (39 ), Grade 3 (40 and Grade 4 (4 ); there were no Grade 5 TRAEs observed. TRAEs led to discontinuation of both adagrasib and pembrolizumab in two patients and only pembrolizumab in two patients; there were no patients who discontinued only adagrasib due to a TRAE. 
 
 Increases in alanine transaminase ALT )/aspartate transaminase AST were consistent with either agent as a monotherapy with Grade 3 TRAEs being highest grade and total incidence of Grade 3 liver function test LFT increases of 9 . Median time from onset to an increase in ALT and AST was 26 and 37 days, respectively, and only one patient experienced new onset treatment-related ALT/AST increase after 3 months. 
 
 Of patients who were clinically evaluable and received at least one on-study scan (n=53), adagrasib and pembrolizumab demonstrated promising preliminary clinical activity across all PD-L1 subgroups with an ORR of 49 . 
 
 In a subset of response-evaluable patients enrolled at least six months prior to the data cutoff date, six of 26 clinical responses occurred at second on-study scan or later, and the ORR was 56 . 
 
 Seven evaluable patients enrolled in the KRYSTAL-1 Phase 1b cohort (with a median follow-up of 19.3 months) reported an ORR of 57 and a DCR of 100 . The four patients who responded maintained response for over nine months while two continued to receive treatment and remain in response beyond 18 months. 
 
 Safety in the KRYSTAL-1 Phase 1b cohort was consistent with what has been observed in KRYSTAL-7 and demonstrated a manageable safety profile with no Grade 4-5 TRAEs. 
 
 KRYSTAL-10, KRYSTAL-12, and KRYSTAL-17 
 
 In the first quarter of 2021, we initiated two registration-enabling Phase 3 clinical trials. The first clinical trial, KRYSTAL-12, is evaluating adagrasib as a monotherapy randomized against docetaxel in patients with second-line NSCLC. The second clinical trial, KRYSTAL-10, is evaluating the combination of adagrasib and an anti-EGFR antibody (cetuximab) randomized against chemotherapy in patients with second-line CRC. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we initiated KRYSTAL-17, a Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating adagrasib in combination with pembrolizumab and chemotherapy in patients with advanced NSCLC. 
 
 Adagrasib Development in Collaboration with Zai Lab Ltd. Zai 
 
 In May 2021, we entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement with Zai (the Zai Agreement ). Under the Zai Agreement, we granted Zai the right to research, develop, manufacture and exclusively commercialize adagrasib in all indications in China, Macau, Hong Kong and Taiwan (collectively, the Zai Licensed Territory ), with Mirati retaining exclusive rights for the development, manufacture and commercialization of adagrasib outside the Zai Territory and certain co-commercialization, manufacture, and development rights in the Zai Licensed Territory. In June 2022, Zai initiated the first pivotal clinical trial of adagrasib for the first indication in China. In July 2022, Zai initiated the first pivotal clinical trial of adagrasib for the second indication in China. 
 
 Adagrasib Development in Collaboration with Others 
 
 In 2020, we initiated KRYSTAL-2, a Phase 1/2 clinical trial evaluating the combination of adagrasib and a SHP-2 inhibitor (TNO-155) in patients with advanced NSCLC and advanced CRC. In 2021, we initiated KRYSTAL-14, a Phase 1/2 clinical trial evaluating the combination of adagrasib and a SOS1 inhibitor (BI 1701963) in patients with advanced NSCLC, and we initiated KRYSTAL-16, a Phase 1/1b clinical trial evaluating the combination of adagrasib and a CDK4/6 inhibitor (palbociclib) in patients with advanced solid tumors with KRAS G12C mutation. The KRYSTAL-2, KRYSTAL-14 and KRYSTAL-16 clinical trials are no longer enrolling patients. In October 2022, we entered into a clinical collaboration with Aadi Bioscience to evaluate the combination of adagrasib with nab-sirolimus, a small molecule mTOR inhibitor complexed with human albumin, in patients with KRAS G12C-mutant NSCLC and other solid tumors. In November 2022, we entered into a clinical collaboration with Incyte to evaluate the combination of adagrasib with INCB99280, a small molecule PD-L1 inhibitor, in patients with KRAS G12C-mutated solid tumors. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

MRTX1133, a selective KRAS G12D inhibitor 
 
 MRTX1133, our lead KRAS G12D compound, is an investigational, selective, specific and potent inhibitor of KRAS G12D. On January 19, 2023, the FDA cleared the IND application of an oral formulation of MRTX1133 for clinical evaluation. KRAS G12D mutations have been detected in over 25 different types of cancer, including pancreatic, colon, lung and endometrial adenocarcinoma. The prevalence of cancers harboring KRAS G12D mutations exceeds the prevalence of KRAS G12C positive cancers by greater than two-fold and is an area of significant unmet medical need. 
 
 On October 25, 2020 we announced initial preclinical in vivo data from MRTX1133. Based on preclinical analyses, MRTX1133 has a projected human half-life of greater than 50 hours and exhibits a low propensity for drug interactions or off-target pharmacology. MRTX1133 demonstrated tumor regression in multiple in vivo tumor models, including pancreatic and colorectal cancers. MRTX1133 has a low predicted target plasma concentration based on its potency and high unbound fraction. 
 
 Sitravatinib 
 
 Sitravatinib is a spectrum-selective kinase inhibitor in Phase 3 clinical development and is designed to potently inhibit receptor tyrosine kinases RTK s), including TAM family receptors (TYRO3, Axl, Mer), split family receptors (VEGFR2, KIT) and RET. Sitravatinib s potent inhibition of TAM and split family RTKs may overcome resistance to checkpoint inhibitor therapy through targeted reversal of an immunosuppressive tumor microenvironment, enhancing antigen-specific T cell response and expanding dendritic cell-dependent antigen presentation. There are over 100,000 second or third line NSCLC patients in the United States and Europe, who have derived prior clinical benefit following treatment with a PD-(L)1 inhibitor, with approximately 70,000 of these patients being of the non-squamous histology. 
 
 Sitravatinib in Combination with Nivolumab 
 
 As an immuno-oncology agent, sitravatinib is being evaluated in combination with nivolumab, an anti-PD-1 checkpoint inhibitor, in patients with NSCLC who have experienced documented disease progression following treatment with a checkpoint inhibitor. Sitravatinib is also being developed in certain Asian territories in collaboration with BeiGene, Ltd. BeiGene which is evaluating sitravatinib in combination with tislelizumab, BeiGene s anti-PD-1 checkpoint inhibitor, in a number of advanced solid tumors. 
 
 In January 2019, we announced a clinical trial collaboration with Bristol Myers Squibb Company ("BMS") in connection with SAPPHIRE. Under the terms of the collaboration, we are sponsoring and funding the clinical trial and BMS is providing nivolumab at no cost. We maintain global development and commercial rights to sitravatinib outside of certain Asian territories and Australia and New Zealand, where we have partnered with BeiGene, and we are free to develop the program in combination with other agents. 
 
 In April 2022, we completed enrollment in SAPPHIRE, a Phase 3 clinical trial in second-line non-squamous NSCLC patients whose tumors have progressed on prior therapy with platinum-chemotherapy in combination with a checkpoint inhibitor or third-line non-squamous NSCLC patients who have received chemotherapy followed by a checkpoint inhibitor. SAPPHIRE is comparing the combination of sitravatinib plus nivolumab randomized to docetaxel. The statistical design of SAPPHIRE includes an interim analysis of overall survival. 
 
 On December 2, 2022, we announced, based on the results of the interim analysis on overall survival, SAPPHIRE will continue to final analysis. 
 
 We also have several Phase 2 clinical trials in which we are evaluating sitravatinib in combination with nivolumab in patients with NSCLC, who have experienced documented disease progression following prior treatment with chemotherapy and/or a checkpoint inhibitor. On September 20, 2021, we announced results from a post hoc exploratory analysis of the Phase 2 study, MRTX-500, in patients with nonsquamous NSCLC with prior clinical benefit from checkpoint inhibitor therapy and where anti-PD-(L)1 was the most recent line of therapy (n=68) and a median follow-up of 33.6 months. The median overall survival was 14.9 months (95 CI: 9.3, 21.1), with 56 and 32 of these patients alive at one year and two years, respectively. The ORR was 18 , with 3 of patients achieving a complete response and 15 of patients achieving a PR. The median DOR was 12.8 months. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Sitravatinib Development in Collaboration with BeiGene 
 
 In January 2018, we entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement with BeiGene (the BeiGene Agreement ). Under the BeiGene Agreement, we granted BeiGene an exclusive license to develop, manufacture and commercialize sitravatinib in Asia (excluding Japan and certain other countries), Australia and New Zealand (the BeiGene Licensed Territory ), and we retained exclusive rights for the development, manufacturing and commercialization of sitravatinib outside the BeiGene Licensed Territory. 
 
 In November 2018, we dosed the first patient under the BeiGene Agreement to assess the safety and tolerability, pharmacokinetics and preliminary anti-tumor activity of sitravatinib in combination with BeiGene s investigational anti-PD-1 antibody, tislelizumab, in patients with advanced solid tumors. BeiGene s clinical trials will evaluate the combination of sitravatinib and tislelizumab in patients with solid tumors including NSCLC, renal cell carcinoma, hepatocellular cancer, gastric cancer and ovarian cancer. 
 
 MRTX1719, a synthetic lethal MTA cooperative PRMT5 inhibitor 
 
 MRTX1719, our lead synthetic lethal MTA cooperative PRMT5 inhibitor is an investigational, selective, potent and orally available inhibitor targeting the PRMT5/MTA complex in methylthioadenosine phosphorylase (MTAP)-deleted cancers and is in Phase 1/2 clinical development. The MTAP deletion is present in approximately 10 of all cancers and is the most frequently observed gene deletion event (MTAP/CDKN2A) across several cancer types. Cancers with an MTAP deletion, such as pancreatic, lung, and bladder cancers, are associated with a poor prognosis, representing a significant unmet medical need. 
 
 In preclinical studies, MRTX1719 has demonstrated a greater than 70-fold selectivity for MTAP-deleted cells relative to normal cells and demonstrated near complete and sustained inhibition of PRMT5 in tumor xenografts resulting in significant tumor growth inhibition or tumor regression in MTAP-deleted tumor models. The ability to target the PRMT5/MTA complex provides an opportunity to selectively target tumor cells harboring the MTAP gene deletion which exhibit an abnormally high level of MTA (methylthioadenosine) compared with normal cells. This is anticipated to provide an increased therapeutic index relative to first generation PRMT5 inhibitors that do not specifically target the PRMT5/MTA complex. In the first quarter of 2022, we initiated a Phase 1/2 multiple expansion cohort trial to evaluate MRTX1719 in patients with advanced, unresectable or metastatic solid tumor malignancy with homozygous deletion of the MTAP gene. In August 2022, the FDA granted Fast Track Designation to MRTX1719. 
 
 MRTX0902, a selective SOS1 inhibitor 
 
 MRTX0902 is a potent, selective SOS1 inhibitor, designed to improve anti-tumor efficacy in combination with targeted RAS/mitogen-activated protein kinase MAPK )-pathway and/or receptor tyrosine kinase RTK inhibitors. MRTX0902 disrupts the KRAS-SOS1 interaction and shifts the equilibrium of KRAS from an active to inactive state. The SOS protein is a guanine nucleotide exchange factor GEF that facilitates the ability of KRAS to turnover from its GDP-loaded off state to its GTP-loaded on state, a critical step to enable productive KRAS effector binding and activation of downstream signaling. MRTX0902 has the potential to limit cancer growth arising from a variety of mutations (e.g. KRAS or EGFR) that result in activation of the KRAS pathway. MRTX0902 exhibits favorable potency, selectivity and oral exposure characteristics and shows improved anti-tumor efficacy in combination with inhibitors of KRAS, MEK, and EGFR in pre-clinical models. We filed an IND with the FDA for MRTX0902 and received Notice to Proceed authorization from FDA in August 2022. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we initiated a Phase 1/2 multiple expansion cohort trial with MRTX0902. In December 2022, the FDA granted Fast Track Designation to MRTX0902. 
 
 Market and Competition 
 
 NSCLC Market 
 
 The National Cancer Institute estimates that in 2022, approximately 237,000 patients in the United States U.S. were diagnosed with lung cancer and 130,000 died due to the disease. Lung cancer represents approximately 12 of all new cancer cases in the U.S., and 21 of all cancer deaths. According to the American Cancer Society, approximately 80-85 of lung cancers are NSCLC. The five-year survival rate for patients with NSCLC is 26 , indicating a significant need for novel therapies to extend overall survival in this patient population. 
 
 The prognosis for advanced NSCLC is poor, and the primary objective of treating late-stage disease is to prolong overall survival, delay disease progression and control symptoms. The treatment algorithm for advanced NSCLC has changed significantly following recent approvals and label expansions of immuno-oncology agents, specifically immune checkpoint 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 inhibitors. In 2015, the FDA approved OPDIVO , an anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody, and the first immuno-oncology agent approved for the treatment of squamous NSCLC. The approval of OPDIVO in NSCLC was subsequently followed by FDA approval of three additional immuno-oncology agents in NSCLC, KEYTRUDA , TECENTRIQ , and IMFINZI . These four agents, approved for multiple indications including NSCLC, accounted for over 31 billion in global sales in 2021. 
 
 Despite the advances in patient outcomes demonstrated by approved immuno-oncology therapies in NSCLC, a significant patient need remains. The percentage of patients who respond to approved immuno-oncology treatments is quite low, and of the patients that respond, the majority will still experience disease progression. 
 
 NSCLC represents a heterogeneous patient population with diverse tumor histology and underlying genomic aberrations. The clinical and commercial success of leading targeted agents across multiple indications, including NSCLC, demonstrates the potential of new targeted treatments for cancer. 
 
 Competition 
 
 KRAS G12C 
 
 We are aware of other companies who currently have competing commercial or clinical-stage direct KRAS G12C inhibitor programs including Amgen, Inc., F. Hoffman-LaRoche Ltd., Eli Lilly and Company, Merck Co., Inc., Novartis AG, Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH, and Revolution Medicines, Inc. 
 
 Sitravatinib in Combination with Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors 
 
 There are several immune checkpoint inhibitors currently approved for use as single agents to treat multiple tumor types, including NSCLC. To augment the efficacy of these agents, combination studies are being conducted with a variety of potentially synergistic mechanisms, including inhibitors of CTLA-4, LAG3, TIM-3, TIGIT and CSF-1R, among others. Most of these combination studies are being conducted in patients who are na ve to immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy. Other competitors to sitravatinib in combination with checkpoint inhibitors in NSCLC patients who had previously failed checkpoint inhibitor therapy include LENVIMA (Eisai Co., Ltd.), an anti-VEGF agent that also inhibits other receptor tyrosine kinases, and datopotamab deruxtecan (AstraZeneca plc), a TROP2 antibody-drug conjugate. Additionally, there are numerous other potential competitors with kinase inhibitors that are being evaluated in combination with checkpoint inhibitors in NSCLC patients who had previously failed checkpoint inhibitor therapy in earlier lines of treatment. 
 
 PRMT5 
 
 We are aware of other companies who currently have competing clinical-stage MTA-cooperative PRMT5 inhibitor programs including Tango Therapeutics, Inc., and Amgen, Inc. 
 
 Oncology 
 
 In addition to companies that have kinase inhibitors addressing our targets of interest, our competition also includes hundreds of private and publicly traded companies that operate in the area of oncology but have therapeutics with different mechanisms of action. The oncology market in general is highly competitive with over 1,000 molecules currently in clinical development. Other important competitors, in addition to those mentioned above, are small and large biotechnology companies, specialty and regional pharmaceutical companies and multinational pharmaceutical companies, including but not limited to AbbVie Inc., AstraZeneca plc, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Gilead Sciences, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Johnson Johnson, Pfizer Inc., Sanofi S.A., and Takeda Pharmaceutical Co. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 Our goal is to obtain, maintain and enforce patent protection wherever appropriate for our product candidates, formulations, processes, methods and any other proprietary technologies both in the United States and in other countries. We typically file for patents in the United States with counterparts in certain countries in Europe and certain key market countries in the rest of the world, thereby covering the major pharmaceutical markets. As of December 31, 2022, we own or co-own U.S. patents and patent applications and their foreign counterparts, including thirty-one (31) issued U.S. patents covering adagrasib and other various KRAS inhibitors, including those for G12C and G12D, sitravatinib, and other compounds. Mirati s patents and patent applications have expiration dates ranging from 2023-2044, with the adagrasib composition of matter patent expiring in 2037-2038. In some instances, patent terms can be increased or decreased, depending on the laws and regulations of the 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 country or jurisdiction that issued the patent. Trademark applications for adagrasib have been filed in major markets world-wide, with European registrations secured and U.S. registrations expected in the first half of 2023. 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 We do not own or operate manufacturing facilities for the production of any of our products or product candidates, nor do we plan to develop our own manufacturing operations in the foreseeable future. We currently depend on third-party contract manufacturers for all of our required raw materials and finished products for our preclinical and clinical trials. 
 
 Manufacturers of our products and product candidates are required to comply with applicable FDA manufacturing requirements contained in the FDA s Current Good Manufacturing Practices cGMP regulations. cGMP regulations require, among other things, quality control and quality assurance, as well as corresponding maintenance of records and documentation. Pharmaceutical product manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved pharmaceutical products are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP and other laws. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. Discovery of problems with a product after approval may result in restrictions on a product, manufacturer or holder of an NDA, including withdrawal of the product from the market. In addition, changes to the manufacturing process generally require prior FDA approval before being implemented. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 The Regulatory Process for Drug Development 
 
 Our business activities, including the manufacturing of our product candidates and our ongoing research and development activities are subject to extensive regulation by numerous governmental authorities in the United States and other countries. Regulation by these government authorities is a significant component in the development, manufacture and commercialization of pharmaceutical products and services. Before marketing in the United States, any new drug developed must undergo rigorous preclinical testing, clinical trials and an extensive regulatory clearance process implemented by the FDA under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as amended (the FDCA ). The FDCA and other various federal, state and foreign statutes govern or influence the research, testing, manufacture, safety, labeling, storage, recordkeeping, approval, promotion, marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling, quality, and import and export of our medicines. State, local, and other authorities also regulate pharmaceutical manufacturing. 
 
 Applicable legislation requires licensing of manufacturing and contract research facilities, carefully controlled research and testing of products, and governmental review and/or approval of results prior to marketing therapeutic products. Additionally, adherence to good laboratory practices GLP and good clinical practices GCP during nonclinical and clinical testing and cGMP during production is required. Our manufacturing CMOs are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA and other foreign equivalents to ensure that they are operating in compliance with cGMP requirements. In addition, marketing authorization for each new medicine may require a rigorous manufacturing pre-approval inspection by regulatory authorities. Post approval, there are strict regulations regarding changes to the manufacturing process, and, depending on the significance of the change, changes may require prior FDA approval. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP and impose reporting and documentation requirements upon us and any third-party manufacturers that we may decide to use. 
 
 In addition, we are subject to other state and federal laws, including, among others, anti-kickback laws, fraud and abuse, false claims laws, Sunshine Act, patient protection and affordable care, data privacy and security laws and regulations, and transparency laws that restrict certain business practices in the pharmaceutical industry. Violations of these healthcare laws can result in significant penalties, including civil, criminal and administrative penalties. Moreover, government coverage and reimbursement policies will both directly and indirectly impact our ability to successfully commercialize any future approved products, and such coverage and reimbursement policies will be impacted by enacted and any applicable future healthcare reform and drug pricing measures. Further, the United States and some foreign jurisdictions may consider and enact additional legislative and regulatory initiatives to change the healthcare system and modify these laws in ways that could affect the pharmaceutical industry. 
 
 U.S. Pharmaceutical Product Development Process 
 
 To establish a new product candidate s safety and efficacy, the FDA requires companies seeking approval to market a pharmaceutical drug product to submit extensive preclinical and clinical data, along with other information, for each indication 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 for which the product will be labeled. The data and information are submitted to the FDA in the form of a New Drug Application (NDA), which must be accompanied by payment of a significant user fee unless a waiver or exemption applies. Generating the required data and information for an NDA takes many years and requires the expenditure of substantial resources. Information generated in this process is susceptible to varying interpretations that could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval at any stage of the process. The failure to demonstrate adequately the quality, safety and efficacy of a product candidate under development would delay or prevent regulatory approval of the product candidate. Under applicable laws and FDA regulations, each NDA submitted for FDA approval is given an internal administrative review within 60 days following submission of the NDA. If deemed sufficiently complete to permit a substantive review, the FDA will file the NDA. The FDA can refuse to file any NDA that it deems incomplete or not properly reviewable. The FDA has established internal goals of eight months from submission for priority review of NDAs that cover new product candidates that offer major advances in treatment or provide a treatment where no adequate therapy exists, and 12 months from submission for the standard review of NDAs. However, the FDA is not legally required to complete its review within these periods, these performance goals may change over time and the review is often extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. Moreover, the outcome of the review, even if generally favorable, may not be an actual approval but a complete response letter that describes additional work that must be done before the NDA can be approved. Before approving an NDA, the FDA can choose to inspect the facilities at which the product is manufactured and will not approve the product unless the manufacturing facility complies with GMPs. The FDA may also audit sites at which clinical trials have been conducted to determine compliance with GCPs and data integrity. The FDA s review of an NDA may also involve review and recommendations by an independent FDA advisory committee, particularly for novel indications. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee. Further, the FDA may require that certain contraindications, warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling. 
 
 FDA Regulation of Companion Diagnostics 
 
 As part of our clinical development plans, we are exploring the use of companion diagnostics to identify patients most likely to respond to our product candidates. Companion diagnostics are classified as medical devices under the FDCA in the United States and similarly in other foreign regulations. In the United States, the FDA regulates the medical device design and development, preclinical and clinical testing, premarket clearance or approval, registration and listing, manufacturing, labeling, storage, reporting, recordkeeping, advertising and promotion, export and import, sales and distribution, and post-market surveillance of medical devices. Unless an exemption applies, companion diagnostics require marketing clearance or approval from the FDA prior to commercial distribution. The two primary types of FDA marketing authorization applicable to a medical device are premarket notification, also called 510(k) clearance, and premarket approval PMA ). 
 
 The FDA previously has required in vitro companion diagnostics intended to select the patients who will respond to the cancer treatment to obtain a 510(k) clearance or PMA simultaneously with approval of the drug. Based on the draft guidance, and the FDA s past treatment of companion diagnostics, we believe that the FDA will require a PMA for one or more companion diagnostics to identify patient populations suitable for our product candidates. The review of these companion diagnostics in conjunction with the review of our product candidates involves coordination of review by the FDA s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research and by the FDA s Center for Devices and Radiological Health. 
 
 Pharmaceutical Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement 
 
 In the United States and markets in other countries, sales of any products for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale will depend in part on the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors, including government authorities, managed care providers, private health insurers and other organizations. In the United States, private health insurers and other third-party payors often provide reimbursement for products and services based on the level at which the government (through the Medicare or Medicaid programs) provides reimbursement for such products and services. There is no uniform coverage and reimbursement policy among third-party payors in the United States; however, private third-party payors often follow Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates. Third-party payors are increasingly examining the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of medical products and services in addition to their safety and efficacy and, accordingly, significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of newly approved therapeutics. In particular, in the United States, the European Union and other potentially significant markets for our product candidates, government authorities and third-party payors are increasingly attempting to limit or regulate the price of medical products and services, particularly for new and innovative products and therapies, which often has resulted in average selling prices that are lower than they would otherwise be. The increased emphasis on managed healthcare in the United States and on country and regional pricing and reimbursement controls in the European Union will put additional pressure on product pricing, reimbursement and utilization, which may adversely affect our future product sales and results of operations. These pressures can arise from rules and practices of managed care groups, judicial decisions and governmental 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 laws and regulations related to Medicare, Medicaid and healthcare reform, pharmaceutical reimbursement policies and pricing in general. As a result, coverage and adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available for our product candidates to enable us to realize an appropriate return on our investment in research and product development. 
 
 The market for our products and product candidates for which we may receive regulatory approval will depend significantly on access to third-party payors drug formularies, or lists of medications for which third-party payors provide coverage and reimbursement. The industry competition to be included in such formularies often leads to downward pricing pressures on pharmaceutical companies. Also, third-party payors may refuse to include a particular branded drug in their formularies or may otherwise restrict patient access to a branded drug when a less costly generic equivalent or other alternative is available. In addition, because each third-party payor individually approves coverage and reimbursement levels, obtaining coverage and adequate reimbursement is a time-consuming and costly process. We would be required to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of any product to each third-party payor separately with no assurance that approval would be obtained, and we may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the cost-effectiveness of our products. This process could delay the market acceptance of any of our product candidates for which we may receive approval and could have a negative effect on our future revenue and operating results. We cannot be certain that our product candidates will be considered cost-effective. If we are unable to obtain coverage and adequate payment levels for our product candidates from third-party payors, physicians may limit how much or under what circumstances they will prescribe or administer them and patients may decline to purchase them. This in turn could affect our ability to successfully commercialize our products and impact our profitability, results of operations, financial condition, and future success. 
 
 Human Capital Resources 
 
 Successful execution of our strategy is dependent on attracting, developing, and retaining employees and executive leaders across all functional areas. We believe the skills, experience and industry knowledge of our employees is a competitive advantage for Mirati relative to other bio-pharmaceutical companies. We continuously evaluate, modify, and enhance our internal processes and technologies to increase employee engagement, productivity, and efficiency. We work diligently to attract the best talent from a diverse range of sources in order to meet the current and future demands of our business. We offer a strong employee value proposition and our compensation program is designed to align the compensation of our employees with our Company s performance and to provide the proper incentives to attract, retain and motivate employees. The structure of our compensation program balances both short-term and long-term incentive performance while maintaining a competitive market position: 
 
 We provide employee base salary and annual cash incentive opportunities that are commensurate with employee positions, skill levels, experience, and knowledge. 
 
 We also provide annual long-term incentive opportunity primarily through awards of stock options, restricted stock units and, from time to time, performance stock units. 
 
 We also provide a competitive benefits program that includes an employee stock purchase plan, retirement savings plan with company matching contributions, health and wellness benefits, an employee assistance program, and competitive paid time off and holidays. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 593 employees of which 587 were full-time, exempt employees, one was a part-time, exempt employee, and the remaining were full-time, non-exempt employees. None of our employees are represented by a collective bargaining agreement. 
 
 Culture 
 
 Fostering and maintaining a strong, healthy culture is fundamental to the success of our business. Our core values reflect who we are and the way our employees interact with one another, our partners, and stakeholders. Urgency, open-mindedness, accountability, and collaboration ground our work and behavior. These shared values are central to who we are, what we do, and how we do it. No matter the role, we are unified by our passion for helping patients, and we are inspired by a single vision to unlock the science behind the promise of a life beyond cancer. We believe our culture creates strong engagement, which is measured through an annual employee-wide, anonymous survey to assess our performance on metrics including mission and vision, development and empowerment, our ability to adapt and overall employee satisfaction. 
 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 We believe diverse professional experiences and an inclusive culture can drive better outcomes for patients. Our culture is one where we challenge norms, have high risk tolerance and celebrate an entrepreneurial and courageous attitude full of grit and determination to make a difference. We strive to create a sense of belonging, and continuously seek to foster a culture of diversity, equity and inclusion DE I ). Our DE I program, which was initiated in 2021, is led by our Chief Financial Officer and overseen by our DE I Committee, which is comprised of cross-functional representatives from across the enterprise. 
 
 In 2021, we surveyed all employees to inform our DE I objectives and future employee training. Additionally, we recently assessed our performance across DE I metrics. To address the feedback and findings, and to further our commitment to an environment of belonging, we organized our efforts across three pillars to serve as the foundation for achieving a fair and equitable environment where all Mirati employees can thrive: People, Culture and Community. The DE I pillars are aligned to focus on key areas and goals in order to drive a positive impact for our employees and our business. 
 
 Based on data as of November 1, 2022, 54 of our U.S. employees identify as female and 40 of our U.S. employees identify as being a racial or ethnic minority. As of December 31, 2022, 30 of our board of directors identify as female and 30 identify as being a racial or ethnic minority. We are committed to diversifying the representation of our organization. 
 
 COVID-19 Company Principles 
 
 Mirati maintains an unwavering commitment to protect the health, safety and well-being of our workforce, while ensuring we continue to meet our company goals. All decisions are guided by the following core principles: Prioritize Health, Safety Wellbeing, Follow Medical Government Advice and Operate with Compassion Flexibility. 
 
 Since the beginning of the pandemic in early 2020, we assembled a cross-functional COVID-19 response team that included members of our executive leadership. This team provided a framework and structure to how we respond to challenges, in order to maintain business operations. A core sub-team of this group continues to monitor and review the COVID-19 situation on a regular basis today. 
 
 We continue to offer free testing and COVID-19 sick pay to all eligible employees. We have adapted to a mostly hybrid and remote workforce environment, while maintaining a safe growing on-site presence at our headquarters in San Diego, California. We plan to continue to offer support to employees when needed, as we continue to navigate through COVID-19 s burden. 
 
 Corporate Information 
 
 We were originally incorporated in Canada as MethylGene, Inc. MethylGene and reincorporated in Delaware on April 29, 2013 as Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. with headquarters in San Diego, California. We have two wholly-owned subsidiaries: Mirati Therapeutics B.V. in the Netherlands and Mirati Therapeutics (Suisse) GmbH in Switzerland. Our former wholly-owned subsidiary MethylGene, Inc. in Canada was reorganized and formally dissolved in December 2022. We maintain a website at www.mirati.com, to which we regularly post copies of our press releases as well as additional information about us. Our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after being electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Interested persons can subscribe to our website for email alerts that are sent automatically when we issue press releases, file our reports with the SEC or post certain other information to our website. Information contained in our website does not constitute a part of this report or our other filings with the SEC. Our common stock is listed under the ticker symbol MRTX on the Nasdaq Global Select Market since June 5, 2018, and was previously listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market since July 15, 2013. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following information about the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report and in our other public filings in evaluating our business, before deciding to invest in our common stock. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of may also become important factors that affect us. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth prospects would likely be materially and adversely affected. In these circumstances, the market price of our common stock would likely decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 
 Our near-term revenues are highly dependent on the successful commercialization of KRAZATI, which received marketing approval in December 2022 from the FDA for the treatment of adult patients with KRAS G12C-mutated NSCLC who have received at least one prior systemic therapy. To the extent KRAZATI is not commercially successful, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially adversely affected and the price of our common stock would likely decline. 
 
 KRAZATI is our only drug that has been approved for sale and it has only been approved for the treatment of adult patients with KRAS G12C-mutated NSCLC who have received at least one prior systemic therapy in the United States. We are focusing a significant portion of our activities and resources on KRAZATI, and we believe our near-term revenues are highly dependent on, and a meaningful portion of the value of our company relates to, our ability to successfully commercialize KRAZATI in the United States. 
 
 Successful commercialization of KRAZATI is subject to many risks. Prior to KRAZATI, we have not, as an organization, launched or commercialized a product, and there is no guarantee that we will be able to do so successfully with KRAZATI for this indication. There are numerous examples of unsuccessful product launches and failures to meet high expectations of market potential, including by pharmaceutical companies with more experience and resources than we have. The commercial success of KRAZATI depends on the extent to which patients and physicians accept and adopt KRAZATI as a treatment for patients with KRAS G12C-mutated NSCLC who have received at least one prior systemic therapy, and we do not know whether our or others estimates in this regard will be accurate. For example, if the patient population suffering from KRAS G12C-mutated NSCLC who have received prior systemic therapy is smaller than we estimate or if physicians are unwilling to prescribe or patients are unwilling to take KRAZATI for any reason, the commercial potential of KRAZATI will be limited. It is too soon to tell how physicians, patients and payors will respond to the pricing of KRAZATI. Physicians may not prescribe KRAZATI and patients may be unwilling to use KRAZATI if coverage is not provided or reimbursement is inadequate to cover a significant portion of the cost. Additionally, any negative development for KRAZATI in accelerated approval requirements, or in clinical development in additional indications, or in regulatory processes in other jurisdictions, may adversely impact the commercial results and potential of KRAZATI. Thus, significant uncertainty remains regarding the commercial potential of KRAZATI. 
 
 If the launch or commercialization of KRAZATI is unsuccessful or perceived as disappointing, our stock price could decline significantly and the long-term success of the product and our company could be harmed. 
 
 If we do not obtain regulatory approval of adagrasib for other indications in the United States, or for any indications in foreign jurisdictions, we will not be able to market adagrasib for other indications or in other jurisdictions, which will negatively impact the potential of our commercial revenues. 
 
 The research, testing, manufacturing, labeling, approval, sale, import, export, marketing, and distribution of pharmaceutical product candidates are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory authorities in the United States and other countries, whose regulations differ from country to country. We will be required to comply with different regulations and policies of the jurisdictions where we seek approval for our product candidates, and we have not yet identified all of the requirements that we will need to satisfy to submit adagrasib for approval for other indications or in other jurisdictions. For example, we are pursuing an expansion strategy to bring adagrasib to countries within the European Economic Area EEA and the United Kingdom UK ). In particular, in April 2022, we submitted a Marketing Authorization Application MAA ), to the European Medicines Agency EMA ), for adagrasib for the treatment of adult patients with NSCLC harboring the KRAS G12C mutation who have received at least one prior systemic therapy. If we do not receive marketing approval for adagrasib for any other indication or from any regulatory agency other than the FDA, we will not be able to commercialize adagrasib for any other indication in the United States or for any indication in any other 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 jurisdiction. Even if we do receive additional regulatory approvals, we may not be successful in commercializing those opportunities. 
 
 Even though the FDA has granted approval of KRAZATI for the treatment of adult patients with KRAS G12C-mutated NSCLC who have received at least one prior systemic therapy, the terms of the approval may limit its commercial potential. Additionally, KRAZATI is still subject to substantial, ongoing regulatory requirements. 
 
 Even though the FDA has granted approval of KRAZATI, the scope and terms of the approval may limit our ability to commercialize KRAZATI and, therefore, our ability to generate substantial sales revenues. The FDA has approved KRAZATI only for the treatment of adult patients with KRAS G12C-mutated NSCLC who have received at least one prior systemic therapy. 
 
 Additionally, in connection with the FDA grant of accelerated approval, we are required to complete KRYSTAL-12 and other post-marketing commitments. If we fail to comply with accelerated approval requirements, or if the final results of KRYSTAL-12 and the other post-marketing commitments, or any other ongoing clinical studies of adagrasib, are negative, the FDA could decide to withdraw approval, add warnings or narrow the approved indication in the product label. 
 
 The manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion and recordkeeping for KRAZATI will also continue to be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration, as well as continued compliance with current good manufacturing processes, good clinical practices, ICH regulations and good laboratory practices, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA for all of our nonclinical and clinical development and for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. 
 
 Discovery of any issues post-approval, including any safety concerns, such as unexpected side effects or drug-drug interaction problems, adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or concerns over misuse or abuse of the product, problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, packaged or distributed, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in, among other things, restrictions on KRAZATI or on us, including: 
 
 withdrawal of approval, addition of warnings or narrowing of the approved indication in the product label; 
 
 requirement of a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy to mitigate the risk of off-label use in populations where the FDA may believe that the potential risks of use may outweigh its benefits; 
 
 voluntary or mandatory recalls; 
 
 warning letters; 
 
 suspension of any ongoing clinical studies; 
 
 refusal by the FDA or other regulatory authorities to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us, or suspension or revocation of product approvals; 
 
 restrictions on operations, including restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product or the imposition of costly new manufacturing requirements; or 
 
 seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products. 
 
 If any of these actions were to occur, we may have to discontinue the commercialization of KRAZATI, limit our sales and marketing efforts, conduct further post-approval studies, and/or discontinue or change any other ongoing clinical studies, which in turn could result in significant expense and delay or limit our ability to generate sales revenues. 
 
 KRAZATI has only been studied in a limited number of patients. Following commercial launch, KRAZATI will be available to a much larger number of patients, and we do not know whether the results of KRAZATI s use in such larger number of patients will be consistent with the results from our clinical studies. 
 
 KRAZATI has been administered only to a limited number of patients in clinical studies. While the FDA granted accelerated approval of KRAZATI based on the data included in the NDA, including data from KRYSTAL-1 study, we do not know whether the results when a large number of patients are exposed to KRAZATI, including results related to safety and 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 efficacy, will be consistent with the results from earlier clinical studies of KRAZATI that served as the basis for the approval of KRAZATI. New data relating to KRAZATI, including from adverse event reports, KRYSTAL-12 and our post-marketing commitments in the United States, and from other ongoing clinical studies, may result in changes to the product label and may adversely affect sales, or result in withdrawal of KRAZATI from the market. The FDA and regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions may also consider the new data in reviewing KRAZATI s marketing applications for additional indications and/or in other jurisdictions, or impose post-approval requirements. If any of these actions were to occur, it could result in significant expense and delay or limit our ability to generate sales revenues. 
 
 Prior to KRAZATI, we have not, as an organization, launched or commercialized a product. If we are unable to effectively commercialize KRAZATI, we may not be able to generate meaningful product revenues. 
 
 We need to maintain and further develop our sales force, as we will be competing with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to retain marketing and sales personnel. In the event we are unable to effectively maintain our commercial team, including our U.S. sales force, our ability to effectively commercialize KRAZATI will be limited, and we may not be able to generate meaningful product revenues. 
 
 KRAZATI may not gain widespread acceptance among physicians, patients, and the medical community, thereby limiting our potential to generate revenues. 
 
 The degree of market acceptance of any approved product candidate by physicians, healthcare professionals and third-party payors, and our profitability and growth will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 
 the ability to provide acceptable evidence of safety and efficacy; 
 
 the scope of the approved indication(s) for the product; 
 
 the inclusion of any warnings or contraindications in the product label; 
 
 the relative convenience and ease of administration; 
 
 the prevalence and severity of any adverse side effects; 
 
 the availability of alternative treatments; 
 
 pricing and cost effectiveness, which may be subject to regulatory control; 
 
 effectiveness of our or our collaborators sales and marketing strategy; and 
 
 our ability to obtain sufficient third-party insurance coverage or adequate reimbursement levels. 
 
 With respect to KRAZATI specifically, successful commercialization will depend on whether and to what extent physicians and pharmacies, over whom we have no control, determine to utilize KRAZATI at the price that we have selected. KRAZATI would be made available to treat patients with KRAS G12C-mutated NSCLC who have received at least one prior systemic therapy. Because of this, it is particularly difficult to estimate KRAZATI s market potential and how physicians, payors and patients will respond to the pricing of KRAZATI. Industry sources and analysts have a divergence of estimates for the near- and long-term market potential of KRAZATI, and a variety of assumptions directly impact the estimates for KRAZATI s market potential, including assumptions regarding the prevalence of adult patients with KRAS G12C-mutated NSCLC who have received at least one prior systemic therapy, the rate of diagnosis of KRAS G12C-mutated NSCLC, the rate of physician and oncologist adoption of KRAZATI, the potential impact of payor restrictions regarding KRAZATI, and patient adherence and compliance rates. Small differences in these assumptions can lead to widely divergent estimates of the market potential of KRAZATI. 
 
 If we are unable to achieve and maintain adequate levels of third-party payor coverage and reimbursement for KRAZATI or any other product candidates, if approved, on reasonable pricing terms, their commercial success may be severely hindered. 
 
 Successful sales of any approved product candidates, including KRAZATI, depend on the availability of adequate coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors. Patients who are prescribed medicine for the treatment of their conditions generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their prescription drugs. Coverage and 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 adequate reimbursement from governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and commercial payors is critical to new product acceptance. Coverage decisions may depend upon clinical and economic standards that disfavor new drug products when more established or lower cost therapeutic alternatives are already available or subsequently become available. Even if we obtain coverage for KRAZATI, or other products we may market, the resulting reimbursement payment rates might not be adequate or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Patients may not use KRAZATI if coverage is not provided or reimbursement is inadequate to cover a significant portion of the cost of those products. 
 
 Payors may require documented proof that patients meet certain eligibility criteria in order to be reimbursed for KRAZATI. Payors may even require that pre-approval, or prior-authorization, be obtained from the payor for reimbursement of KRAZATI. Patients are unlikely to use KRAZATI and our other product candidates, if approved, unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant portion of the cost of our products. 
 
 In addition, the market for KRAZATI and any of our other product candidates may depend significantly on access to third-party payors medical policies, drug formularies, or lists of medications for which third-party payors provide coverage and reimbursement. The industry competition to be included in such formularies often leads to downward pricing pressures on pharmaceutical companies, and we will be required to offer discounted rates to state Medicaid programs to ensure Medicaid coverage of our drugs. Also, third-party payors may refuse to include a particular branded drug in their formularies or otherwise restrict patient access to a branded drug when a less costly generic equivalent or other alternative is available, even if not approved for the indication for which KRAZATI is approved. 
 
 Third-party payors, whether foreign or domestic, or governmental or commercial, are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling healthcare costs. The current environment is putting pressure on companies to price products below what they may feel is appropriate. Selling KRAZATI at less than an optimized price could impact our revenues and overall success as a company. In addition, in the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists among third-party payors. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for KRAZATI may differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of KRAZATI to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage will be obtained. If we are unable to obtain coverage of, and adequate payment levels for, KRAZATI or any other products we may market to third-party payors, physicians may limit how much or under what circumstances they will prescribe or administer them, and patients may decline to purchase them. This in turn could affect our ability to successfully commercialize KRAZATI, or any other products we may market, and thereby adversely impact our profitability, results of operations, financial condition and future success. 
 
 Our research and development programs and product candidates are in development. As a result, we are unable to predict if or when we will successfully develop or commercialize our other product candidates. 
 
 Our clinical-stage product candidates as well as our other pipeline assets will require significant further investment and regulatory approvals prior to commercialization. Sitravatinib is in a Phase 3 clinical trial and Phase 1/2 clinical trials, MRTX1719 is in a Phase 1 clinical trial, MRTX0902 is in Phase 1/2 clinical trial, and MRTX1133 has recently been cleared by the FDA to initiate a Phase 1 clinical trial. In April 2022, we submitted an MAA to the EMA for adagrasib for the treatment of patients with NSCLC harboring the KRAS G12C mutation who have received at least one prior systemic therapy. Each of our product candidates will require the selection of suitable patients for our clinical trials and additional clinical development, management of clinical, preclinical and manufacturing activities, obtaining regulatory approval, obtaining manufacturing supply, continued build out of a commercial organization, substantial investment and significant marketing efforts before we generate any revenues from product sales. We are not permitted to market or promote any of our product candidates before we receive regulatory approval from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, and we may never receive such regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. The treatment of cancer is a rapidly evolving field and will continue to evolve. By such time, if ever, as we may receive necessary regulatory approvals for our product candidates, the standard of care for the treatment of cancers may have evolved such that it would be necessary to modify our plans for full approval and commercial acceptance of our products may be limited by a change in the standard of care. In addition, some of our product development programs contemplate the development of companion diagnostics. Companion diagnostics are subject to regulation as medical devices and we or our collaborators may be required to obtain marketing approval for accompanying companion diagnostics before we may commercialize our product candidates. 
 
 Even if we obtain the required financing or establish a collaboration to enable us to conduct late-stage clinical development of our product candidates and pipeline assets, we cannot be certain that such clinical development would be successful, or that we will obtain regulatory approval or be able to successfully commercialize any of our product candidates and generate revenue. Success in preclinical testing and early clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful, and the clinical trial process may fail to demonstrate that our product candidates are safe and effective for their 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 proposed uses. Any such failure could cause us to abandon further development of any one or more of our product candidates and may delay development of other product candidates. Product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. Any delay in, or termination of, our clinical trials will delay and possibly preclude the submission of any NDAs with the FDA and, ultimately, our ability to commercialize our product candidates and generate product revenue. 
 
 Other than our NDA for KRAZATI, we have not previously submitted an NDA to the FDA, and other than our MAA under review by the EMA for KRAZATI, we have not submitted MAAs or similar drug approval filings to comparable foreign authorities, for any product candidate, and we cannot be certain that any of our product candidates will receive regulatory approval. Further, our product candidates may not receive regulatory approval even if they are successful in clinical trials. If we do not receive regulatory approvals for our product candidates, we may not be able to continue our operations. Even if we successfully obtain regulatory approvals to market one or more of our product candidates, our revenues will be dependent, in part, upon our current collaborators and future collaborators ability to obtain regulatory approval for the companion diagnostics to be used with our product candidates, if required, and upon the size of the markets in the territories for which we gain regulatory approval and have commercial rights. If the markets for patient subsets that we are targeting are not as significant as we estimate, we may not generate significant revenues from sales of such products, if approved. 
 
 Further, even if any product candidate we develop was to receive marketing approval or be commercialized for use in combination with other existing therapies, we would continue to bear the risks that the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authorities could revoke approval of the therapy used in combination with our product candidate or that safety, efficacy, manufacturing or supply issues could arise with these existing therapies. 
 
 Our product candidates, as well as KRAZATI, are subject to extensive regulation, which can be costly and time consuming, cause delays, or prevent approval of such product candidates for commercialization. 
 
 The clinical development of product candidates is subject to extensive regulation by the FDA in the United States and by comparable regulatory authorities in foreign markets. Product development is a very lengthy and expensive process, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. The product development timeline can vary significantly based upon the product candidate s novelty and complexity, and the applicable regulatory authority. For example, we are pursuing an expansion strategy to bring KRAZATI to countries within the EEA and the UK. The regulatory approval in other countries may include all the risks associated with FDA approval as well as additional, presently unanticipated, risks. Regulations are subject to change and regulatory agencies have significant discretion in the approval process. 
 
 Numerous statutes and regulations govern human testing and the manufacture and sale of human therapeutic products in the United States, Europe and other countries and regions where we intend to market our products. Such legislation and regulation bears upon, among other things, the approval of trial protocols and human testing, the approval of manufacturing facilities, safety of the product candidates, testing procedures and controlled research, review and approval of manufacturing, preclinical and clinical data prior to marketing approval including adherence to good manufacturing practices GMP during production and storage as well as regulation of marketing activities including advertising and labeling. 
 
 In order to obtain regulatory approval, including an NDA or marketing authorization application, for the commercial sale of any of our product candidates in the United States, EEA and other foreign market, we must demonstrate through preclinical studies and clinical trials, as well as extensive information regarding chemistry, manufacturing and controls CMC ), that the potential product is safe and effective for use in humans for each target indication. The failure to adequately demonstrate the safety and efficacy of a product under development could delay or prevent regulatory approval of our product candidates. Regulatory approval in one country does not ensure regulatory approval in another, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country may negatively impact the regulatory process in others. 
 
 No assurance can be given that current regulations relating to regulatory approval will not change or become more stringent in the United States or foreign markets. Regulatory agencies may also require that additional trials be run in order to provide additional information regarding the safety or efficacy of any drug candidates for which we seek regulatory approval or require additional administrative review periods, including obtaining reimbursement and pricing approval in select markets. Moreover, any regulatory approval of a drug which is eventually obtained may entail limitations on the indicated uses for which that drug may be marketed. Furthermore, product approvals may be withdrawn or limited in some way if problems occur following initial marketing or if compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained. Regulatory agencies could become more risk averse to any side effects or set higher standards of safety and efficacy prior to reviewing or approving a product. This could result in a product not being approved. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial prospects for our product candidates. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 We may not be successful in establishing development and commercialization collaborations, which could adversely affect, and potentially prohibit, our ability to develop our product candidates. 
 
 Developing pharmaceutical products, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approval, establishing manufacturing capabilities and marketing approved products is expensive, and therefore we may seek to enter into additional collaborations with companies that have more resources and experience in order to continue to develop and commercialize our product candidates. We also may be required due to financial or scientific constraints to enter into additional collaboration agreements to research and/or to develop and commercialize our product candidates. The establishment and realization of such collaborations may not be possible or may be problematic. There can be no assurance that we will be able to establish such additional collaborations on favorable terms, if at all, or that our current or future collaborative arrangements will be successful or maintained for any specific product candidate or indication. If we are unable to reach successful agreements with suitable collaboration partners for the ongoing development and commercialization of our product candidates, we may face increased costs, we may be forced to limit the scope and number of our product candidates we can commercially develop or the territories in which we commercialize such product candidates, and we may be unable to commercialize products or programs for which a suitable collaboration partner cannot be found. If we fail to achieve successful collaborations, our operating results and financial condition will be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 In addition, the terms of any collaboration agreements may place restrictions on our activities with respect to other products, including by limiting our ability to grant licenses or develop products with other third parties, or in different indications, diseases or geographical locations, or may place additional obligations on us with respect to development or commercialization of our product candidates. If we fail to comply with or breach any provision of a collaboration agreement, a collaborator may have the right to terminate, in whole or in part, such agreement or to seek damages. 
 
 Some of our collaboration agreements, including the BeiGene Agreement and Zai Agreement, are complex and involve sharing or division of ownership of certain data, know-how and intellectual property rights among the various parties. Accordingly, our collaborators could interpret certain provisions differently than we or our other collaborators, which could lead to unexpected or inadvertent disputes with collaborators. In addition, these agreements might make additional collaborations, partnering or mergers and acquisitions difficult. 
 
 There is no assurance that a collaborator who is acquired by a third party would not attempt to change certain contract provisions that could negatively affect our collaboration. The acquiring company may also not accept the terms or assignment of our contracts and may seek to terminate the agreements. Any one of our collaborators could breach covenants, restrictions and/or sub-license agreement provisions leading us into disputes and potential breaches of our agreements with other partners. 
 
 We have no experience in clinical or commercial manufacturing and depend on others for the production of our product candidates at suitable levels of quality and quantity. Any problems or delays in the manufacture of our products would have a negative impact on our ability to successfully execute our development and commercialization strategies. 
 
 We do not currently have nor do we plan to acquire the infrastructure or capability internally to manufacture our commercial products for sale nor our clinical drug supplies for use in the conduct of our clinical trials, and we lack the resources and the capability to manufacture any of our commercial products and product candidates on a clinical or commercial scale. We rely on collaborators and/or third parties for development, scale-up, formulation, optimization, management of clinical trial and commercial scale manufacturing and commercialization. There are no assurances we can scale-up, formulate or manufacture any product candidate in sufficient quantities with acceptable specifications for the conduct of our clinical trials or for the regulatory agencies to grant approval of such product candidate. We have no commercial manufacturing experience. To be successful, our products must be properly formulated, scalable, stable and safely manufactured in clinical trial and commercial quantities in compliance with GMP and other regulatory requirements and at acceptable costs. Should any of our suppliers or our collaborators be unable to supply or be delayed in supplying us with sufficient supplies, no assurance can be given that we will be able to find alternative means of supply in a short period of time. Should such parties operations suffer a material adverse effect, the manufacturing of our products would also be adversely affected. Furthermore, key raw materials could become scarce or unavailable. There may be a limited number of third parties who can manufacture our products. We may not be able to meet specifications previously established for commercial products or product candidates during scale-up and manufacturing. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Our reliance on third parties to manufacture our commercial products and product candidates will expose us and our partners to risks including the following, any of which could delay or prevent the commercialization of our products, result in higher costs, or deprive us of potential product revenue: 
 
 Contract manufacturers can encounter difficulties in achieving the scale-up, optimization, formulation, or volume production of a compound as well as maintaining quality control with appropriate quality assurance. They may also experience shortages of qualified personnel. Contract manufacturers are required to undergo a satisfactory GMP inspection prior to regulatory approval and are obliged to operate in accordance with FDA, International Council for Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Registration of Pharmaceuticals for Human Use ICH ), European and other nationally mandated GMP regulations and/or guidelines governing manufacturing processes, stability testing, record keeping and quality standards. A failure of these contract manufacturers to follow GMP and to document their adherence to such practices or failure of an inspection by a regulatory agency may lead to significant delays in the availability of our product candidate materials for clinical study, leading to delays in our trials. 
 
 For each of our current commercial products and product candidates we will initially rely on a limited number of contract manufacturers. Changing these or identifying future manufacturers may be difficult. Changing manufacturers requires re-validation of the manufacturing processes and procedures in accordance with FDA, ICH, European and other mandated GMP regulations and/or guidelines. Such re-validation may be costly and time-consuming. It may be difficult or impossible for us to quickly find replacement manufacturers on acceptable terms. 
 
 Our contract manufacturers may not perform as agreed or may not remain in the contract manufacturing business for the time required to produce, store and distribute our products successfully. 
 
 A variety of risks associated with operating our business internationally could adversely affect our business. 
 
 In addition to our operations in the United States, we have operations in the Netherlands and Switzerland, and are considering pursuing further European expansion to support the planned commercialization of our product candidates in the EEA and UK. We face risks associated with our international operations, including possible unfavorable political, tax and labor conditions, which could harm our business. We are subject to numerous risks associated with international business activities, including: 
 
 difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; 
 
 foreign government taxes, regulations and permit requirements; 
 
 U.S. and foreign government tariffs, trade restrictions, price and exchange controls and other regulatory requirements; 
 
 anti-corruption laws, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA 
 
 economic weakness, including inflation, natural disasters, war, events of terrorism or political instability in particular foreign countries; 
 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenues, and other obligations related to doing business in another country; 
 
 compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws, regulations and restrictions for employees living or traveling abroad; 
 
 workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States; 
 
 production shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities aboard; and 
 
 changes in diplomatic and trade relationships. 
 
 Our business activities outside of the United States are subject to the FCPA and similar anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, regulations or rules of other countries in which we operate. The FCPA and similar anti-corruption laws generally prohibit offering, promising, giving or authorizing others to give anything of value, either directly or indirectly, to non-U.S. government officials in order to improperly influence any act or decision, secure any other improper advantage or obtain or retain business. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 The FCPA also requires public companies to make and keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect the transactions of the company and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. As described above, our business is heavily regulated and therefore involves significant interaction with public officials, including officials of non-U.S. governments. Additionally, in many other countries, the health care providers who prescribe pharmaceuticals are employed by their government, and the purchasers of pharmaceuticals are government entities; therefore, any dealings with these prescribers and purchasers may be subject to regulation under the FCPA. Recently the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and the U.S. Department of Justice have increased their FCPA enforcement activities with respect to pharmaceutical companies. In addition, under the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, private individuals who report to the SEC original information that leads to successful enforcement actions may be eligible for a monetary award. We are engaged in ongoing efforts that are designed to ensure our compliance with these laws, including due diligence, training, policies, procedures and internal controls. However, there is no certainty that all employees and third-party business partners (including our distributors, wholesalers, agents, contractors and other partners) will comply with anti-bribery laws. In particular, we do not control the actions of manufacturers and other third-party agents, although we may be liable for their actions. Violation of these laws may result in civil or criminal sanctions, which could include monetary fines, criminal penalties and disgorgement of past profits, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition. 
 
 We are or may become subject to tax audits in the Netherlands, Switzerland or other countries into which we expand our operations, and such jurisdictions may assess additional income tax against us. The final determination of tax audits could be materially different from our recorded income tax provisions and accruals. The ultimate results of an audit could have a material adverse effect on our operating results or cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made and could result in increases to our overall tax expense in subsequent periods. 
 
 These and other risks associated with our international operations may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic could adversely impact our business including our ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical research. 
 
 Our business could be materially adversely affected by health epidemics in regions where we or our partners have concentrations of clinical trial sites or other business operations and could cause significant disruption in the operations of third-party manufacturers and contract research organizations upon whom we rely. Quarantines, shelter-in-place, executive and similar government orders, or the perception that such orders, shutdowns or other restrictions on the conduct of business operations could occur, could impact personnel at third-party manufacturing facilities in the United States and other countries, or the availability or cost of materials, which would disrupt our supply chain. We have experienced impacts to our clinical trial operations due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Some examples of these impacts include: 
 
 we have experienced impact on clinical site initiation and patient enrollment due to restrictions imposed as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 
 some patients have not been able to comply with clinical trial protocols as quarantines have impeded patient movement and interrupted healthcare services; 
 
 we have experienced some impact on our ability to recruit and retain patients and principal investigators and site staff who, as healthcare providers, may have heightened exposure to COVID-19; and 
 
 we have experienced some delays in necessary interactions with regulators, ethics committees and other important agencies and contractors due to limitations in employee resources or forced furlough of government or contractor personnel. 
 
 The global COVID-19 pandemic continues to rapidly evolve. While we have not yet experienced material adverse effects to our business as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or a similar health epidemic is highly uncertain and could have negative impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 We rely upon third-party contractors and service providers for the execution of some aspects of our development programs. Failure of these collaborators to provide services of a suitable quality and within acceptable timeframes may cause the delay or failure of our development programs. 
 
 We outsource certain functions, tests and services to CROs, medical institutions and collaborators and outsource manufacturing to collaborators and/or contract manufacturers, and we rely on third parties for quality assurance, clinical 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 monitoring, clinical data management and regulatory expertise. In particular, we rely on CROs to run our clinical trials on our behalf and contract manufacturers to manufacture our product candidates. There is no assurance that such individuals or organizations will be able to provide the functions, tests, drug supply or services as agreed upon or to acceptable quality standards, and we could suffer significant delays in the development of our products or processes. In particular, certain third party service providers may be unable to comply with their contractual obligations to us due to disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, including reduced operations or headcount reductions, or otherwise, and in certain cases we may have limited recourse if the non-compliance is due to factors outside of the service provider s control. 
 
 In some cases, there may be only one or few providers of such services, including manufacturing services. In addition, the cost of such services could increase significantly over time. We rely on third parties as mentioned above to enroll qualified patients and conduct, supervise and monitor our clinical trials. Our reliance on these third parties and collaborators for clinical development activities reduces our control over these activities, but does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities, including ensuring that our clinical trials are conducted in accordance with good clinical practices GCP regulations and the investigational plan and protocols contained in the regulatory agency applications. In addition, these third parties may not complete activities on schedule or may not manufacture compounds under GMP conditions. Preclinical studies may not be performed or completed in accordance with good laboratory practices, regulatory requirements or our trial design. If we or our CROs fail to comply with GCP regulations, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA, the EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving any marketing applications. If these third parties or collaborators do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, obtaining regulatory approval for manufacturing and commercialization of our product candidates may be delayed or prevented. We rely substantially on third-party data managers for our clinical trial data. There is no assurance that these third parties will not make errors in the design, management or retention of our data or data systems. There is no assurance that these third parties will pass FDA or regulatory audits, which could delay or prohibit regulatory approval. 
 
 Our CROs may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical trials or other product development activities, which could harm our competitive position. If any of our relationships with these third-party CROs terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs or to do so on commercially reasonable terms. Further, switching or adding additional CROs involves additional cost and requires management time and attention. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new CRO commences work. As a result, delays may occur, which could materially impact our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines. Though we carefully manage our relationships with our CROs, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and prospects. 
 
 If our competitors develop and market products that are more effective than KRAZATI or our other product candidates, they may reduce or eliminate our commercial opportunity. 
 
 We are aware of other companies who currently have competing commercial or clinical-stage direct KRAS G12C inhibitor programs including Amgen, Inc., F. Hoffman-LaRoche Ltd., Eli Lilly and Company, Merck Co., Inc., Novartis AG, Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH, and Revolution Medicines, Inc. 
 
 There are several immune checkpoint inhibitors currently approved for use as single agents to treat multiple tumor types, including NSCLC. To augment the efficacy of these agents, combination studies are being conducted with a variety of potentially synergistic mechanisms, including inhibitors of CTLA-4, LAG3, TIM-3, TIGIT and CSF-1R, among others. Most of these combination studies are being conducted in patients who are na ve to immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy. Other competitors to sitravatinib in combination with checkpoint inhibitors in NSCLC patients who had previously failed checkpoint inhibitor therapy include LENVIMA (Eisai Co., Ltd.), an anti-VEGF agent that also inhibits other receptor tyrosine kinases, and datopotamab deruxtecan (AstraZeneca plc), a TROP2 antibody-drug conjugate. Additionally, there are numerous other potential competitors with kinase inhibitors that are being evaluated in combination with checkpoint inhibitors in NSCLC patients who had previously failed checkpoint inhibitor therapy in earlier lines of treatment. 
 
 We are aware of other companies who currently have competing clinical-stage MTA-cooperative PRMT5 inhibitor programs including Tango Therapeutics, Inc., and Amgen, Inc. 
 
 In addition to companies that have inhibitors addressing our targets of interest, our competition also includes hundreds of private and publicly traded companies that operate in the area of oncology but have therapeutics with different mechanisms of action. The oncology market in general is highly competitive with over 1,000 molecules currently in clinical development. Other important competitors, in addition to those mentioned above, are small and large biotechnology companies, specialty and 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 regional pharmaceutical companies and multinational pharmaceutical companies, including but not limited to AbbVie Inc., AstraZeneca plc, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Gilead Sciences, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Johnson Johnson, Pfizer Inc., Sanofi S.A. and Takeda Pharmaceutical Co. 
 
 Developments by others may render our products or technologies non-competitive or we may not be able to keep pace with technological developments. Our competitors may have developed or may be developing technologies which may be the basis for competitive products. Some of these products may prove to be more effective and less costly than the products developed or being developed by us. Our competitors may obtain regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we do which may change the standard of care in the indications we are targeting, rendering our technology or products non-competitive. For example, with the recent approval of immunotherapy agents for the treatment of NSCLC and other cancers, the standard of care for the treatment of cancer is evolving and will continue to evolve which could require us to change the design and timelines for our registration trials and may limit the commercial acceptance of our products in the future. Others may develop treatments or cures superior to any therapy we are developing or will develop. Moreover, alternate, less toxic forms of medical treatment may be developed which may be competitive with our products. 
 
 Many of the organizations which could be considered to be our competitors have substantially more financial and technical resources, more extensive discovery research, preclinical research and development capabilities and greater manufacturing, marketing, distribution, production and human resources than we do. Many of our current or potential competitors have more experience than we do in research, preclinical testing and clinical trials, drug commercialization, manufacturing and marketing, and in obtaining domestic and foreign regulatory approvals. In addition, failure, unacceptable toxicity, lack of sales or disappointing sales or other issues regarding competitors products or processes could have a material adverse effect on our product candidates, including our clinical candidates or our lead compounds. Established pharmaceutical companies may invest heavily to accelerate discovery and development of novel compounds or to in-license novel compounds that could make our product candidates less competitive. In addition, any new product that competes with an approved product must demonstrate compelling advantages in efficacy, convenience, tolerability and safety in order to overcome price competition and brand recognition and to be commercially successful. For example, the use of KRAZATI for the treatment of adult patients with KRAS G12C-mutated NSCLC who have received at least one prior systemic therapy will compete with LUMAKRAS (Amgen Inc.), which was approved for the same indication in May 2021. Accordingly, our competitors may succeed in obtaining patent protection, receiving FDA, EMA, or other regulatory approval or discovering, developing and commercializing medicines before we do, which would have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 Our product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of an approved product label, including KRAZATI s, or result in significant negative consequences following marketing approval. 
 
 Undesirable side effects caused by our product candidates could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other comparable foreign authorities. Results of our trials could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of side effects. In such an event, our trials could be suspended or terminated and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities could order us to cease further development of or deny approval of our product candidates for any or all targeted indications. Treatment-related side effects could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial, or result in potential product liability claims. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. 
 
 Additionally, for KRAZATI or any of our other product candidates that receives marketing approval, if we or others later identify undesirable side effects caused by such products, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 
 
 regulatory authorities may withdraw approvals of such product; 
 
 regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the product label; 
 
 we may be required to create a medication guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients; 
 
 we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; and 
 
 our reputation may suffer. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of KRAZATI or any of our other product candidates, if approved, and could significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We are subject to competition for our skilled personnel and may experience challenges in identifying and retaining key personnel that could impair our ability to conduct our operations effectively. 
 
 Our future success depends on our ability to retain our executive officers and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. If we are not successful in attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy. Although we have not experienced problems attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel in the recent past, our industry has experienced a high rate of turnover of management personnel in recent years. Our ability to compete in the highly competitive biotechnology and pharmaceuticals industries depends upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified managerial, scientific, medical and commercial personnel. We are highly dependent on our management, scientific, medical and commercial personnel, whose services are critical to the success of our product candidates, development, commercialization and regulatory strategies, as well as the management of our financial operations. We are not aware of any present intention of any of these personnel to leave our company. In order to induce valuable employees to continue their employment with us, we have provided equity awards that vest over time. The value to employees of equity awards that vest over time is significantly affected by movements in our stock price that are beyond our control, and may at any time be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from other companies. 
 
 Despite our efforts to retain valuable employees, members of our management, scientific, development and commercial teams may terminate their employment with us at any time, with or without notice. The loss of the services of any of our executive officers or other key employees and our inability to find suitable replacements could harm our business, financial condition and prospects. Our success also depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled junior, mid-level and senior managers as well as junior, mid-level and senior scientific, medical and commercial personnel. 
 
 We will continue to experience growth in the number of our employees and the scope of our operations. This growth will place a significant strain on our management, operations and financial resources and we may have difficulty managing this future potential growth. No assurance can be provided that we will be able to attract new employees to assist in our growth. Many of the other pharmaceutical companies that we compete against for qualified personnel have greater financial and other resources, different risk profiles and a longer history in the industry than we do. We also may employ consultants or part-time and contract employees. There can be no assurance that these individuals are retainable. While we have been able to attract and retain skilled and experienced personnel and consultants in the past, no assurance can be given that we will be able to do so in the future. 
 
 We may in the future attempt to obtain FDA approval of product candidates through the use of the accelerated approval pathway, including additional indications for adagrasib. If we are unable to obtain such approval, we may be required to await the completion of planned or ongoing clinical trials or conduct additional clinical trials, which could increase the expense of obtaining, and delay the receipt of, necessary approval. Even if we receive accelerated approval from the FDA, if our confirmatory trials do not verify clinical benefit, or if we do not comply with rigorous post-marketing requirements, the FDA may seek to withdraw accelerated approval. 
 
 We may in the future seek accelerated approval for our product candidates. Under the accelerated approval program, the FDA may grant accelerated approval to a product candidate designed to treat a serious or life-threatening condition that provides meaningful therapeutic benefit over available therapies upon a determination that the product candidate has an effect on a surrogate endpoint or intermediate clinical endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit. The FDA considers a clinical benefit to be a positive therapeutic effect that is clinically meaningful in the context of a given disease, such as irreversible morbidity or mortality. For the purposes of accelerated approval, a surrogate endpoint is a marker, such as a laboratory measurement, radiographic image, physical sign, or other measure that is thought to predict clinical benefit, but is not itself a measure of clinical benefit. An intermediate clinical endpoint is a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit. The accelerated approval pathway may be used in cases in which the advantage of a new drug over available therapy may not be a direct therapeutic advantage, but is a clinically important improvement from a patient and public health perspective. If granted, accelerated approval is usually contingent on the sponsor s agreement to conduct, in a diligent manner, additional post-approval confirmatory studies to verify and describe the drug s clinical benefit. If such post-approval studies fail to confirm the drug s clinical benefit, the FDA may withdraw its approval of the drug. For example, the FDA s accelerated approval of KRAZATI for the treatment of previously-treated KRAS G12C-mutated NSCLC requires that we complete KRYSTAL-12 and other post-marketing commitments. In addition to conditions concerning completion of 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 confirmatory clinical evidence, accelerated approvals are subject to pre-submission review by the FDA of any promotional materials. 
 
 Prior to seeking accelerated approval for any of our product candidates, we intend to seek feedback from the FDA and will otherwise evaluate our ability to seek and receive accelerated approval. There can be no assurance that after our evaluation of the feedback and other factors we will decide to pursue or submit an NDA for accelerated approval. If we decide to submit an application for accelerated approval for our product candidates, there can be no assurance that such submission or application will be accepted or that review or approval will be granted on a timely basis, or at all. A failure to obtain accelerated approval would result in a longer time period to commercialization of such product candidate, could increase the cost of development of such product candidate and could harm our competitive position in the marketplace. 
 
 If we or third parties are unable to successfully develop companion diagnostics for our product candidates, or experience significant delays in doing so, we may not achieve marketing approval or realize the full commercial potential of such product candidates. 
 
 A key part of our development strategy for our product candidates is to identify subsets of patients with specific types of tumors that express specific genetic markers. Identification of these patients will require the use and development of companion diagnostics. The FDA generally will either require approval or clearance of the diagnostic at the same time the FDA approves the therapeutic product, or as a post-marketing commitment at the time of the therapeutic product s approval. We do not have experience or capabilities in developing or commercializing diagnostics and plan to rely in large part on third parties to perform these functions. 
 
 Companion diagnostics are subject to regulation by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities as medical devices and will likely require separate regulatory approval prior to commercialization. If we or third parties are unable to successfully develop companion diagnostics for our product candidates, or experience delays in doing so: 
 
 the development of these product candidates may be delayed because it may be difficult to identify patients for enrollment in our clinical trials in a timely manner; 
 
 these product candidates may not receive marketing approval if their safe and effective use depends on a companion diagnostic; and 
 
 we may not realize the full commercial potential of these product candidates that receive marketing approval if, among other reasons, we are unable to appropriately identify patients or types of tumors with the specific genetic alterations targeted by these product candidates. 
 
 Even if our product candidates and any associated companion diagnostics are approved for marketing, the need for companion diagnostics may slow or limit adoption of our product candidates. Although we believe genetic testing is becoming more prevalent in the diagnosis and treatment of cancer, our product candidates may be perceived negatively compared to alternative treatments that do not require the use of companion diagnostics, either due to the additional cost of the companion diagnostic or the need to complete additional procedures to identify genetic markers prior to administering our product candidates. 
 
 If any of these events were to occur, our business and growth prospects would be harmed, possibly materially. 
 
 Interim, topline and preliminary data from our clinical trials may change as more patient data become available, and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. 
 
 From time to time, we may publicly disclose preliminary, interim or topline data from our preclinical studies and clinical trials, which is based on a preliminary analysis of then-available data, and the results and related findings and conclusions are subject to change as patient enrollment and treatment continues and more patient data become available. Adverse differences between previous preliminary or interim data and future interim or final data could significantly harm our business prospects. We may also announce topline data following the completion of a preclinical study or clinical trial, which may be subject to change following a more comprehensive review of the data related to the particular study or trial. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, the interim, topline or preliminary results that we report may differ from future results of the same studies, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such results, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Preliminary, interim or topline data also remain subject to audit and 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the data we previously published. As a result, preliminary, interim and topline data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. 
 
 Further, others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability or commercialization of the particular product candidate or product and our company in general. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical trial is based on what is typically extensive information, and you or others may not agree with what we determine to be material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure. 
 
 The timelines of our clinical trials may be impacted by numerous factors and any delays may adversely affect our ability to execute our current business strategy. 
 
 Clinical testing is expensive, difficult to design and implement, can take many years to complete, and is uncertain as to outcome. We may experience delays in clinical trials at any stage of development and testing of our product candidates. Our planned clinical trials may not begin on time, have an effective design, enroll a sufficient number of patients or be completed on schedule, if at all. 
 
 Events which may result in a delay or unsuccessful completion of clinical trials include: 
 
 inability to raise funding necessary to initiate or continue a trial; 
 
 delays in obtaining regulatory approval to commence a trial; 
 
 delays in reaching agreement with the FDA or other regulatory authorities on final trial design; 
 
 imposition of a clinical hold following an inspection of our clinical trial operations or trial sites by the FDA or other regulatory authorities; 
 
 delays in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical trial sites; 
 
 delays in obtaining required institutional review board approval at each site; 
 
 delays in having patients complete participation in a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up; 
 
 delays caused by patients dropping out of a trial due to side effects or otherwise; 
 
 clinical sites dropping out of a trial to the detriment of enrollment; 
 
 time required to add new clinical sites; and 
 
 delays by our contract manufacturers to produce and deliver a sufficient supply of clinical trial materials. 
 
 Furthermore, enrollment may depend on the availability of suitable companion diagnostics to identify genetic markers we are targeting and the capability and willingness of clinical sites to conduct genetic screening of potential patients. 
 
 If initiation or completion of any of our clinical trials for our product candidates are delayed for any of the above reasons or for other reasons, our development costs may increase, our approval process could be delayed, any periods after commercial launch and before expiration of patent protection may be reduced and our competitors may have more time to bring products to market before we do. Any of these events could impair the commercial potential of our product candidates and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 If we experience delays or difficulties in the enrollment of patients in clinical trials, those clinical trials could take longer than expected to complete and our receipt of necessary regulatory approvals could be delayed or prevented. 
 
 We may not be able to initiate or complete clinical trials for our product candidates if we are unable to locate and enroll a sufficient number of eligible patients to participate in these trials. In particular, because we are focused on patients with specific genetic alterations in some of our trials, our pool of suitable patients may be smaller and more selective and our ability to enroll a sufficient number of suitable patients may be limited or take longer than anticipated. In addition, some of our 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 competitors have ongoing clinical trials for product candidates that treat the same indications, including NSCLC, where we are studying sitravatinib in combination with checkpoint inhibitors, or target the same genetic alterations as our product candidates. Therefore, patients who would otherwise be eligible for our clinical trials may instead enroll in clinical trials of our competitors product candidates. 
 
 Patient enrollment for any of our clinical trials may also be affected by other factors, including without limitation: 
 
 the severity of the disease under investigation; 
 
 the frequency of the genetic alteration we are seeking to target in the applicable trial, and the ability to effectively identify such alteration; 
 
 the willingness of clinical sites and principal investigators to subject candidate patients to genetic screening; 
 
 the eligibility criteria for the study in question; 
 
 the perceived risks and benefits of the product candidate under study; 
 
 the availability, effectiveness and safety of other treatment options; 
 
 the patient referral practices of physicians; 
 
 the ability to monitor patients adequately during and after treatment; and 
 
 the proximity and availability of a sufficient number of clinical trial sites that are willing to comply with the requirements of our clinical protocols. 
 
 For example, due to the targeted indications and patient populations we intend to focus on for development of our product candidates, the number of study sites and patient populations available to us may be limited, and therefore enrollment of suitable patients to participate in clinical trials for these product candidates may take longer than would be the case if we were pursuing broader indications or patient populations. 
 
 We are and continue to be subject to stringent government regulations concerning the clinical testing of our products. We will also continue to be subject to government regulation of any product that receives regulatory approval, including KRAZATI. 
 
 Numerous statutes and regulations govern human testing and the manufacture and sale of human therapeutic products in the United States, EEA, UK and other countries where we intend to market our products. Such legislation and regulation bears upon, among other things, the approval of trial protocols and human testing, the approval of manufacturing facilities, testing procedures, CMC and controlled research, the review and approval of manufacturing, preclinical and clinical data prior to marketing approval, including adherence to GMP during production and storage, and marketing activities, including advertising and labeling. 
 
 Clinical trials may be delayed or suspended at any time by us or by the FDA or other similar regulatory authorities if it is determined at any time that patients may be or are being exposed to unacceptable health risks, including the risk of death, or if compounds are not manufactured under acceptable GMP conditions or with acceptable quality. Current regulations relating to regulatory approval may change or become more stringent. The agencies may also require additional trials be run in order to provide additional information regarding the safety, efficacy or equivalency of any product candidate for which we seek regulatory approval. 
 
 Moreover, any regulatory approval of a drug which is eventually obtained may entail limitations on the indicated uses for which that drug may be marketed or on the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product candidate. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration, as well as continued compliance with GMPs and GCPs for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. For example, the FDA s accelerated approval of KRAZATI for the treatment of previously-treated KRAS G12C-mutated NSCLC requires that we complete KRYSTAL-12 and other post-marketing commitments. In addition, if the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority approves any of our other product candidates, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion and recordkeeping for the product will be subject to extensive and ongoing 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 regulatory requirements. For example, prescription drugs may be promoted only for the approved indications in accordance with the approved label. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability. However, physicians may, in their independent medical judgment, prescribe legally available products for off-label uses. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatments, but the FDA does restrict manufacturer s communications on the subject of off-label use of their products. Furthermore, product approvals may be withdrawn or limited in some way if problems occur following initial marketing or if compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained. Similar restrictions are imposed in foreign markets. Regulatory agencies could become more risk averse to any side effects or set higher standards of safety and efficacy prior to reviewing or approving a product. This could result in a product not being approved. 
 
 If we, or any future marketing collaborators or contract manufacturers, fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, we may be subject to sanctions including fines, product recalls or seizures and related publicity requirements, injunctions, total or partial suspension of production, civil penalties, suspension or withdrawals of previously granted regulatory approvals, warning or untitled letters, refusal to approve pending applications for marketing approval of new products or of supplements to approved applications, import or export bans or restrictions, and criminal prosecution and penalties. Any of these penalties could delay or prevent the promotion, marketing or sale of our products and product candidates. 
 
 The FDA s policies, and policies of comparable foreign regulatory authorities, may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or to adopt new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained, which would adversely affect our business, prospects and ability to achieve or sustain profitability. 
 
 Breakthrough therapy designation by the FDA, even if granted for any of our product candidates, may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process and it does not increase the likelihood that our product candidates will receive marketing approval. 
 
 We may seek breakthrough therapy designation for future product candidates. A breakthrough therapy is defined as a drug or biologic that is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs or biologics, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug or biologic may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. For product candidates that have been designated as breakthrough therapies, sponsors may obtain more frequent interaction with and communication with the FDA to help identify the most efficient path for clinical development. 
 
 The receipt of a breakthrough therapy designation for a product candidate may not result in a faster development process, review or approval and does not change the approval standards or assure ultimate approval by the FDA. In addition, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification. As such, there can be no assurance that even if we do receive breakthrough therapy designation, that such designation will have a material impact on our development program. 
 
 The failure to (i) maintain the BeiGene Agreement or the failure of BeiGene to perform its obligations under the BeiGene Agreement and/or (ii) maintain the Zai Agreement or the failure of Zai to perform its obligations under the Zai Agreement, could, in each case, negatively impact our business. 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the BeiGene Agreement, we granted to BeiGene an exclusive license to develop, manufacture and commercialize sitravatinib in the BeiGene Licensed Territory. Consequently, our ability to generate any revenues from sitravatinib in the BeiGene Licensed Territory depends on our ability to maintain our collaboration with BeiGene. We have limited control over the amount and timing of resources that BeiGene will dedicate to these efforts. 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Zai Agreement, we granted Zai the right to research, develop, manufacture and exclusively commercialize adagrasib in the Zai Licensed Territory. Consequently, our ability to generate any revenues from adagrasib in the Zai Licensed Territory depends on our ability to maintain our collaboration with Zai. We have limited control over the amount and timing of resources that Zai will dedicate to these efforts. 
 
 We are subject to a number of other risks associated with our dependence on the BeiGene Agreement with respect to sitravatinib in the BeiGene Licensed Territory and the Zai Agreement with respect to adagrasib in the Zai Licensed Territory, including: 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 BeiGene or Zai may not comply with applicable regulatory guidelines with respect to developing, manufacturing or commercializing sitravatinib or adagrasib, respectively, which could adversely impact sales or future development of sitravatinib in or outside of the BeiGene Licensed Territory or adagrasib in or outside of the Zai Licensed Territory, respectively; 
 
 There may be disputes between us and BeiGene or Zai, including disagreements regarding the BeiGene Agreement or the Zai Agreement, respectively; and 
 
 BeiGene or Zai may not properly defend our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property rights or expose us to potential litigation. 
 
 Each of the BeiGene Agreement and Zai Agreement are also subject to early termination, including through BeiGene s and Zai s (as applicable) right to terminate without cause upon advance notice to us. If the agreement is terminated early, we may not be able to find another collaborator for the further development and commercialization of (i) with respect to BeiGene, sitravatinib in the BeiGene Licensed Territory and/or (ii) with respect to Zai, adagrasib in the Zai Licensed Territory, in each case on acceptable terms, or at all, and we may be unable to pursue continued development and commercialization of sitravatinib in the BeiGene Licensed Territory and/or adagrasib in the Zai Licensed Territory on our own. 
 
 If we fail to obtain coverage and adequate reimbursement for KRAZATI or other future products, our revenue-generating ability will be diminished and there is no assurance that the anticipated market for our products will be sustained. 
 
 Our and our collaborators ability to commercialize our products successfully will depend, in part, on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement for such products and related treatments will be available from governmental health payor programs at the federal and state levels, including Medicare and Medicaid, private health insurers, managed care plans and other organizations. No assurance can be given that third-party payor coverage and adequate reimbursement will be available that will allow us to maintain price levels sufficient for the realization of an appropriate return on our investment in product development. 
 
 Coverage and adequate reimbursement from governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and private health insurers, managed care plans and other organizations is critical to new product acceptance. There is no uniform coverage and reimbursement policy among third-party payors in the United States; however, private third-party payors often follow Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates. Additionally, coverage decisions may depend upon clinical and economic standards that disfavor new drug products when more established or lower cost therapeutic alternatives are already available or subsequently become available. Even if we obtain coverage for our product candidates, the resulting reimbursement payment rates might not be adequate or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Patients are unlikely to use our product candidates unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant portion of the cost of our product candidates. 
 
 Additionally, we or our collaborators may develop companion diagnostic tests for use with our product candidates. We or our collaborators will be required to obtain coverage and reimbursement for these tests separate and apart from the coverage and reimbursement we seek for KRAZATI and our other product candidates, once approved. While we have not yet developed any companion diagnostic test for use with our product candidates, if we do, there is significant uncertainty regarding our ability to obtain coverage and adequate reimbursement for the same reasons applicable to our product candidates. 
 
 In the United States and in many other countries, pricing and/or profitability of some or all prescription pharmaceuticals and biopharmaceuticals are subject to varying degrees of government control. In the United States, there has recently been increased government enforcement and government and payor scrutiny relating to drug pricing and price increases. For example, there have been several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. At the Federal level, in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, Promoting Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to President Biden s executive order, on September 9, 2021, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue to advance these principles. In addition, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA into law, which among other things, (i) allows HHS to negotiate the price of certain drugs and biologics covered under Medicare, and subjects drug manufacturers to civil monetary penalties and a potential excise tax by offering a price that is not 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 equal to or less than the negotiated maximum fair price under the law, and (ii) imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. The IRA permits HHS to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. It is currently unclear how the IRA will be effectuated but is likely to have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical industry. Further, the Biden administration released an additional executive order on October 14, 2022, directing HHS to submit a report on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. No legislation or administrative actions have been finalized to implement these principles. It is unclear whether this executive order or similar policy initiatives will be implemented in the future. 
 
 At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. These changes may adversely impact the prices we or our future collaborators may charge for KRAZATI or our other products candidates, if commercialized. 
 
 Outside of the United States, the successful commercialization of our products will depend largely on obtaining and maintaining government coverage, because in many countries, patients are unlikely to use prescription drugs that are not covered by their government healthcare programs. Negotiating coverage and reimbursement with governmental authorities can delay commercialization by 12 months or more. Coverage and reimbursement policies may adversely affect our ability to sell our products on a profitable basis. In many international markets, governments control the prices of prescription pharmaceuticals, including through the implementation of reference pricing, price cuts, rebates, revenue-related taxes and profit control, and we expect prices of prescription pharmaceuticals to decline over the life of the product or as volumes increase. 
 
 Healthcare reform and controls on healthcare spending may limit the price we charge for any products and the amounts thereof that we can sell. In particular, in the United States, the federal government and private insurers have changed, and have considered ways to change, the manner in which healthcare services are provided. In March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (collectively, ACA became law in the United States. With respect to pharmaceutical products, the ACA, among other things, expanded and increased industry rebates for drugs covered by Medicaid and made changes to the coverage requirements under Medicare Part D, Medicare s prescription drug benefits program. Some of the provisions of the ACA have yet to be fully implemented, and there have been executive, judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. For example, on June 17, 2021 the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. Further, prior to the U.S. Supreme Court ruling, on January 28, 2021, President Biden issued an executive order that initiated a special enrollment period for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace. The executive order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. The IRA also extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in ACA marketplaces through plan year 2025 and eliminates the donut hole under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025, by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and through a newly established manufacturer discount program. It is possible that the ACA will be subject to judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. It is unclear how any such challenges or additional health reform measures of the Biden administration will impact the ACA and our business. 
 
 In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. In August 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, created measures for spending reductions by Congress. A Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction, tasked with recommending a targeted deficit reduction of at least 1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021, was unable to reach required goals, thereby triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. These changes include aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect on April 1, 2013 and, as amended by subsequent legislation including the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, will stay in effect until 2031, unless additional Congressional action is taken. Under current legislation, the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. On March 11, 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s average manufacturer price, for single source and innovator multiple source drugs, beginning January 1, 2024. In January 2013, President Obama signed into law the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. These laws may result in 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, which could have a material adverse effect on our customers and accordingly, our financial operations. 
 
 We anticipate that the ACA, the IRA, and any additional healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and additional downward pressure on the reimbursement we may receive for KRAZATI and any other approved product. Moreover, payment methodologies may be subject to changes in healthcare legislation and regulatory initiatives. 
 
 In addition, levels of reimbursement may be impacted by other current and future legislation, regulation or reimbursement policies of third-party payors in a manner that may harm the demand and reimbursement available for our products, including for companion diagnostics for our products, which in turn, could harm our future product pricing and sales. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare and other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our products. 
 
 Our potential future relationships with customers and third-party payors in the United States and elsewhere may be subject, directly or indirectly, to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, false claims, transparency, health information privacy and security and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens and diminished profits and future earnings. 
 
 As an early commercial-stage company, even though we will not control referrals of healthcare services or bill directly to Medicare, Medicaid or other third-party payors, certain federal and state healthcare laws and regulations pertaining to fraud and abuse and patients rights will be applicable to our business. Our future arrangements with third-party payors and customers may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and the federal False Claims Act, which may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we may sell, market and distribute KRAZATI and any future drugs for which we obtain marketing approval. In addition, we may be subject to transparency laws and patient privacy regulation by U.S. federal and state governments and by governments in foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct our business. The laws that may affect our ability to operate include: 
 
 the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order, lease, furnishing, prescribing or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made under federal and state healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid. The term remuneration has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value. The ACA, among other things, amended the intent requirement of the federal Anti Kickback Statute such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate, in order to commit a violation; 
 
 federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the federal False Claims Act which can be enforced by private individuals on behalf of the government through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, and civil monetary penalty laws prohibit individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, including the Medicare and Medicaid programs, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. Entities can be held liable under these laws if they are deemed to cause the submission of false or fraudulent claims by, for example, providing inaccurate billing or coding information to customers, promoting a product off label, or for providing medically unnecessary services or items. In addition, a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal False Claims Act; 
 
 the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), which imposes criminal and civil liability for knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including third-party payors, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a healthcare benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense, and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services; 
 
 HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 HITECH ), and their respective implementing regulations, which impose obligations on certain healthcare providers, 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses, known as covered entities, as well as individuals and entities that create, receive, maintain or transmit individually identifiable health information for or on behalf of a covered entity, known as business associates, as well as their covered subcontractors, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. HITECH also created new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in U.S. federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions; 
 
 the federal Open Payments program, which requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program, with specific exceptions, to report annually to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians, which is defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors, other health care professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals and ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; and 
 
 analogous state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers; state and foreign laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers; state and foreign laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers, marketing expenditures, or drug pricing; state and local laws that require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives; and state and foreign laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 
 
 Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of available statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. To the extent that any of our product candidates is ultimately sold in countries other than the United States, we may be subject to similar laws and regulations in those countries. If we or our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, imprisonment, disgorgement, additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. If any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business, including any of our collaborators, is found not to be in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to significant criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, which could also materially affect our business. 
 
 We are subject to stringent and changing obligations related to data privacy and security. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could lead to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm; and other adverse business impacts. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we collect, receive, store, process, generate, use, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit, and share (collectively, "processing") personal data and other sensitive data, including proprietary and confidential business data, trade secrets, intellectual property, data we collect about trial participants in connection with clinical trials, and sensitive third-party data. Our data processing activities also subject us to numerous data privacy and security obligations, such as various laws, regulations, guidance, industry standards, external and internal privacy and security policies, contracts, and other obligations that govern the processing of personal data by us and on our behalf. 
 
 In the United States, federal, state, and local governments have enacted numerous data privacy and security laws, including data breach notification laws, personal data privacy laws and consumer protection laws. The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA imposes obligations on businesses to which it applies. These obligations include, without limitation, providing specific disclosures in privacy notices, affording California residents certain rights related to their personal data, and requiring businesses subject to the CCPA to implement certain measures to effectuate California residents personal data rights. The CCPA allows for statutory fines for noncompliance (up to 7,500 per violation). Although the CCPA exempts some data processed in the context of clinical trials, the CCPA increases compliance costs and potential liability with respect to other personal data we maintain about California residents. In addition, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 CPRA ), 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 effective January 1, 2023, expands the CCPA. For example, the CPRA establishes a new California Privacy Protection Agency to implement and enforce the CCPA (as amended) and provides a new right for individuals to correct their personal information. Other states have enacted data privacy laws and similar laws are being considered in several other states, as well as at the federal and local levels. For example, Virginia passed its Consumer Data Protection Act, Colorado passed the Colorado Privacy Act, and Utah passed the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, all of which differ from the CPRA and become effective in 2023. While these states, like the CCPA, also exempt some data processed in the context of clinical trials, these developments further complicate compliance efforts, and increase legal risk and compliance costs for us and the third parties upon whom we rely. 
 
 Outside the United States, an increasing number of laws, regulations, and industry standards apply to data privacy and security. For example, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation EU GDPR and the UK s GDPR UK GDPR impose strict requirements for processing the personal data of individuals located, respectively, within the EEA and the UK. For example, under the EU GDPR, government regulators may impose temporary or definitive bans on data processing, as well as fines up to 20 million euros or 4 of the annual global revenue, whichever is greater. Further, individuals, classes of data subjects or consumer protection organizations may initiate litigation related to our processing of their personal data. 
 
 Certain jurisdictions have enacted data localization laws and cross-border personal data transfer laws. For example, absent appropriate safeguards or other circumstances, the EU GDPR generally restricts the transfer of personal data to countries outside of the EEA, such as the United States, which the European Commission does not consider to provide an adequate level of personal data protection. The European Commission released a set of Standard Contractual Clauses that are designed to be a valid mechanism by which entities can transfer personal data out of the EEA to jurisdictions that the European Commission has not found to provide an adequate level of protection. Currently, these Standard Contractual clauses are a valid mechanism to transfer personal data outside of the EEA. The Standard Contractual Clauses, however, require parties that rely upon that legal mechanism to comply with additional obligations such as conducting transfer impact assessments to determine whether additional security measures are necessary to protect the at-issue personal data. Moreover, due to potential legal challenges, there exists some uncertainty regarding whether the Standard Contractual Clauses will remain a valid mechanism for personal data transfers out of the EEA. In addition, laws in Switzerland and the UK similarly restrict personal data transfers outside of those jurisdictions to countries such as the United States that do not provide an adequate level of personal data protection. In addition to European restrictions on cross-border personal data transfers, other jurisdictions have enacted or are considering similar cross-border personal data transfer laws and local personal data residency laws, any of which could increase the cost and complexity of doing business. If we cannot implement a valid compliance mechanism for cross-border personal data transfers, we may face increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines and injunctions against processing or transferring personal data from Europe or elsewhere. Inability to import personal data to the United States may significantly and negatively impact our business operations, including by limiting our ability to conduct clinical trial activities in Europe and elsewhere (some European regulators have ordered certain companies to suspend or permanently cease certain data transfers out of Europe for allegedly violating the GDPR s cross-border data transfer limitations); limiting our ability to collaborate with parties subject to European and other data protection laws; or requiring us to increase our personal data processing capabilities in Europe and/or elsewhere at significant expense. 
 
 We are also bound by contractual obligations related to data privacy and security, and our efforts to comply with such obligations may not be successful. For example, certain privacy laws, such as the GDPR and the CCPA, require our customers to impose specific contractual restrictions related to privacy and security on their service providers. 
 
 We publish privacy policies, marketing materials and other statements, such as compliance with certain certifications or self-regulatory principles, regarding data privacy and security. If these policies, materials or statements are found to be deficient, lacking in transparency, deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our practices, we may be subject to investigation, enforcement actions by regulators or other adverse consequences. 
 
 Our obligations related to data privacy and security are quickly changing in an increasingly stringent fashion. These obligations may be subject to differing applications and interpretations, which may be inconsistent among jurisdictions or in conflict. Preparing for and complying with these obligations requires us to devote significant resources (including, without limitation, financial and time-related resources). These obligations may necessitate changes to our information technologies, systems, and practices and those of any third parties that process personal data on our behalf. In addition, these obligations may even require us to change our business model. Although we endeavor to comply with all applicable data privacy and security obligations, we may at times fail (or be perceived to have failed) to do so. Moreover, despite our efforts, our personnel or third-parties upon whom we rely may fail to comply with such obligations, which impacts our compliance posture. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 If we fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with data privacy and security obligations, we could face significant consequences. These consequences may include, but are not limited to, government enforcement actions (e.g., investigations, fines, penalties, audits and inspections, among others); litigation (including class-related claims); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; bans on processing personal data; and orders to destroy or not use personal data. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business or financial condition, including, but not limited to: loss of customers; interruptions or stoppages in our business operations (including clinical trials); inability to process personal data or operate in certain jurisdictions; limited ability to develop or commercialize our products; expenditure of time and resources to defend any claim or inquiry; adverse publicity; or revision or restructuring of our operations. 
 
 Changes in funding for the FDA, the SEC and other government agencies, or shutdowns, travel restrictions or furloughs, could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business. 
 
 The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, travel restrictions, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. Average review times at the FDA have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of the SEC and other government agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities, is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. 
 
 Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years, including most recently beginning on December 22, 2018, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA and the SEC, have had to furlough critical FDA, SEC and other government employees and stop critical activities. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, future government shutdowns could impact our ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations. 
 
 We may become subject to the risk of product liability claims. 
 
 We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the clinical testing of our product candidates and will face an even greater risk as we commercialize KRAZATI and if we commercialize any future products. Human therapeutic products involve the risk of product liability claims and associated adverse publicity. Currently, the principal risks we face relate to patients in our clinical trials, who may suffer unintended consequences. Claims might be made by patients, healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies or others. For example, we may be sued if any product we develop allegedly causes injury or is found to be otherwise unsuitable during product testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability and a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection laws. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of KRAZATI or any of our product candidates, if approved. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 
 
 decreased demand for our product candidates; 
 
 injury to our reputation; 
 
 withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 
 
 initiation of investigations by regulators; 
 
 costs to defend the related litigation; 
 
 a diversion of management s time and our resources; 
 
 substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 
 
 product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 
 33 

Table of Contents 

loss of revenue from product sales; and 
 
 the inability to commercialize KRAZATI or any of our other product candidates, if approved. 
 
 We may not have or be able to obtain or maintain sufficient and affordable insurance coverage, and without sufficient coverage any claim brought against us could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We run clinical trials through investigators that could be negligent through no fault of our own and which could affect patients, cause potential liability claims against us and result in delayed or stopped clinical trials. We are required in many cases by contractual obligations to indemnify collaborators, partners, third-party contractors, clinical investigators and institutions. These indemnifications could result in a material impact due to product liability claims against us and/or these groups. We currently carry 10 million in product liability insurance, which we believe is appropriate for our clinical trials. Although we maintain such insurance, any claim that may be brought against us could result in a court judgment or settlement in an amount that is not covered, in whole or in part, by our insurance or that is in excess of the limits of our insurance coverage. Our insurance policies also have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. We will have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such amounts. 
 
 Our business involves the controlled use of hazardous materials and as such we are subject to environmental and occupational safety laws. Continued compliance with these laws may incur substantial costs and failure to maintain compliance could result in liability for damages that may exceed our resources. 
 
 Our preclinical research, manufacturing and development processes involve the controlled use of hazardous and radioactive materials. We are subject to federal, local and foreign laws and regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of such materials and certain waste products. Our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological materials. Our operations also produce hazardous waste products. The risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials cannot be completely eliminated. In the event of such an accident, we could be held liable for any damages that result, and any such liability could exceed our resources. We may not be adequately insured against this type of liability. We may be required to incur significant costs to comply with environmental laws and regulations in the future, and our operations, business or assets may be materially adversely affected by current or future environmental laws or regulations. 
 
 We may have to dedicate resources to the settlement of litigation. 
 
 Securities legislation in the United States, Canada and other countries makes it relatively easy for stockholders to sue. This could lead to frivolous lawsuits that could take substantial time, money, resources and attention or force us to settle such claims rather than seek adequate judicial remedy or dismissal of such claims. 
 
 If we are required to defend patent infringement actions brought by third parties, or if we sue to protect our own patent rights or otherwise to protect our proprietary information and to prevent its disclosure, or if we are involved in other litigation, whether as a plaintiff or defendant, we may be required to pay substantial litigation costs and managerial attention may be diverted from business operations even if the outcome is in our favor. If we are required to defend our patents or trademarks against infringement by third parties, we may be required to pay substantial litigation costs and managerial attention and financial resources may be diverted from our research and development operations even if the outcome is in our favor. 
 
 If our information technology systems or data is or were compromised, we could experience adverse impacts resulting from such compromise, including, but not limited to interruptions to our operations such as our clinical trials, claims that we breached our data protection obligations, and harm to our reputation. 
 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we may collect, store, use, transmit, disclose or otherwise process proprietary, confidential, and sensitive data, including personal data (such as health-related data and clinical trial related data), intellectual property and trade secrets. We are dependent upon our own or third-party information technology systems, infrastructure and data to operate our business. 
 
 Cyberattacks, malicious internet-based activity, and online and offline fraud are prevalent and continue to increase. These threats are becoming increasingly difficult to detect. These threats come from a variety of sources. In addition to traditional computer hackers, threat actors, personnel misconduct or error (such as theft or misuse), sophisticated nation-state and nation-state supported actors now engage in attacks. We may be subject to a variety of evolving threats, including, but not 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 limited to, social engineering attacks (including through phishing attacks), malicious code (such as viruses and worms), malware (including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions), denial-of-service attacks (such as credential stuffing), ransomware attacks, supply-chain attacks, software bugs, server malfunction, software or hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, adware, telecommunications failures and other similar threats. Ransomware attacks, including those perpetrated by organized criminal threat actors, nation-states, and nation-state supported actors, are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe and can lead to significant interruptions in our operations, loss of data and income, reputational harm and diversion of funds. Extortion payments may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments due to, for example, applicable laws or regulations prohibiting payments. Similarly, supply-chain attacks have increased in frequency and severity, and we cannot guarantee that third parties and infrastructure in our supply chain have not been compromised or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our information technology systems (including our products/operational activities) or the third-party information technology systems that support us and our operational activities. The COVID-19 pandemic and our remote workforce poses increased risks to our information technology systems and data, as more of our employees work from home, utilizing network connections outside our premises. 
 
 Any of the previously identified or similar threats could cause a security incident. A security incident could result in unauthorized, unlawful or accidental acquisition, modification, destruction, loss, alteration, encryption, disclosure of, or access to, data. A security incident could disrupt our (and third parties upon whom we rely) ability to provide our products. Any system failure, accident or security breach that causes interruptions in our own, in collaborators or in third-party service vendors operations could result in a material disruption of our drug discovery and development programs or theft of our intellectual property. We may expend significant resources or modify our business activities (including our clinical trial activities) in an effort to protect against security incidents. 
 
 Certain data privacy and security obligations may require us to implement and maintain specific security measures, industry-standard or reasonable security measures to protect our information technology systems and data. 
 
 We devote considerable internal and external resources to implementing security measures to protect our systems and customers, but these security measures cannot provide absolute security. We may be unable to detect vulnerabilities in our information technology systems (including our products) because such threats and techniques change frequently, are often sophisticated in nature, and may not be detected until after a security incident has occurred. Despite our efforts to identify and remediate vulnerabilities, if any, in our information technology systems (including our products), our efforts may not be successful. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures designed to address any such identified vulnerabilities. 
 
 Potential breaches of our security measures and the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information, intellectual property, or sensitive or confidential data about us, our employees, or our customers (including the potential loss or disclosure of such information or data as a result of employee error or other employee actions or inactions, hacking, fraud, social engineering, or other forms of deception) could expose us, our customers, or the individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in litigation and potential liability for us, damage our brand and reputation, or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Applicable data privacy and security obligations may require us to notify relevant stakeholders of security incidents. Such disclosures are costly, and the disclosures or the failure to comply with such requirements, could lead to adverse impacts. Additionally, third parties may gather, collect, or infer sensitive information about us from public sources, data brokers, or other means that reveals competitively sensitive details about our organization and could be used to undermine our competitive advantage or market position. 
 
 In addition, the cost and operational consequences of implementing further data protection measures could be significant and theft of our intellectual property or proprietary business information could require substantial expenditures to remedy. Further, we cannot be certain that (a) our liability insurance will be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyberattacks and other related breaches; (b) such coverage will cover any indemnification claims against us relating to any incident, will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all; or (c) any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, we rely upon third-party contractors and service providers for the hosting, support and/or maintenance of some aspects of our computer hardware, computer software and telecommunications systems. Failure of those contractors and service providers to provide systems and services of a suitable quality and within acceptable timeframes may cause the delay or 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 failure of our development programs, or loss of confidential or proprietary information. To the extent that any disruption or security breach results in a loss or damage to our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we may incur liability, our drug discovery and development programs may be adversely affected and the further development of our product candidates may be delayed. Furthermore, such disruptions or security breaches could harm our reputation, compel us to comply with federal and/or state breach notification laws and foreign law equivalents, subject us to mandatory corrective action, require us to verify the correctness of database contents and otherwise subject us to litigation or other liability under laws and regulations that protect personal data, any of which could disrupt our business and/or result in increased costs. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Capital Requirements 
 
 We will require additional financing and may be unable to raise sufficient capital, which could lead us to delay, reduce or abandon development programs or commercialization. 
 
 Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. Our research and development expenses were 531.6 million, 508.6 million and 299.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Our net losses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 740.9 million, 581.8 million, and 357.9 million respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 2.5 billion. We may require substantial additional capital to pursue additional clinical development for our lead clinical programs, including conducting late-stage clinical trials, manufacturing clinical supplies and developing other assets in our pipeline, and to commercialize any of our current product candidates. If the FDA or any foreign regulatory agency, such as the EMA requires that we perform studies or trials in addition to those that we currently anticipate with respect to the development of our product candidates, or repeat studies or trials, or if our clinical trials are otherwise delayed or disrupted due to the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, our expenses would further increase beyond what we currently expect. We may not be able to adequately finance our development programs, which could limit our ability to move our programs forward in a timely and satisfactory manner or require us to abandon the programs, any of which would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Because successful development of our product candidates is uncertain, we are unable to accurately estimate the actual funds we will require to complete research and development, and commercialize any of our other product candidates. 
 
 If, at any point, we are unable to obtain funding from equity offerings or debt financings on a timely basis, we may be required to (1) seek additional collaborators for one or more of our product candidates at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable or on terms that are less favorable than might otherwise be available; (2) relinquish or license on unfavorable terms our rights to technologies or product candidates that we otherwise would seek to develop or commercialize ourselves; or (3) significantly curtail one or more of our research or development programs or cease operations altogether. 
 
 We may not generate meaningful revenue from sales of products, including KRAZATI. If any of our other product candidates fail in clinical trials or do not gain regulatory approval, or if any of our product candidates, if approved, fail to achieve market acceptance, we may never become profitable. We anticipate incurring significant costs associated with commercializing KRAZATI and any other product candidates that are approved in the future. Therefore, even if we are able to generate revenue from the sale of KRAZATI or any other approved products, we may never become profitable. Even if we achieve profitability in the future, we may not be able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods. Our ability to generate future revenue from product sales depends heavily on our success in: 
 
 launching and commercializing KRAZATI in the United States for the treatment of adult patients with KRAS G12C-mutated NSCLC who have received at least one prior systemic therapy; 
 
 completing KRYSTAL-12 and other post-marketing commitments, which is a requirement of our accelerated approval for KRAZATI; 
 
 completing development and clinical trial programs for our other product candidates; 
 
 maintaining existing collaboration and licensing agreements and entering into additional ones; 
 
 seeking and obtaining marketing approvals for any product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials; 
 
 establishing and maintaining supply and manufacturing relationships with third parties; 
 
 successfully commercializing any other product candidates for which marketing approval is obtained; and 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 successfully establishing a sales force and marketing and distribution infrastructure. 
 
 We are an early commercial-stage company with one approved product and minimal product revenue. Consequently, we expect that our financial and operating results will vary significantly from period to period. 
 
 We are an early commercial-stage company that has incurred losses since its inception and expect to continue to incur substantial losses in the foreseeable future. Biopharmaceutical product development is a highly speculative undertaking and involves a substantial degree of uncertainty. 
 
 Our actual financial condition and operating results have varied significantly in the past and are expected to continue to fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. Factors relating to our business that may contribute to these fluctuations include: 
 
 the cost associated with launching and commercializing KRAZATI in the United States for the treatment of adult patients with KRAS G12C-mutated NSCLC who have received at least one prior systemic therapy; 
 
 the status and cost of KRYSTAL-12 and other post-marketing commitments, completion of which is a requirement of our accelerated approval for KRAZATI; 
 
 the cost associated with establishing, and the success of, our commercial team and U.S. sales force; 
 
 the success of our clinical trials through all phases of clinical development; 
 
 delays in the commencement, enrollment and timing of clinical trials; 
 
 delays due to force majeure; 
 
 our ability to secure and maintain collaborations, licensing or other arrangements for the future development and/or commercialization of our product candidates, as well as the terms of those arrangements; 
 
 our ability to obtain, as well as the timeliness of obtaining, additional funding to develop our product candidates; 
 
 the results of clinical trials or marketing applications for product candidates that may compete with our product candidates; 
 
 competition from existing products or new products that may receive marketing approval; 
 
 potential side effects of our product candidates that could delay or prevent approval or cause an approved drug to be taken off the market; 
 
 any delays in regulatory review and approval of our clinical development plans or product candidates; 
 
 our ability to identify and develop additional product candidates; 
 
 the ability of patients or healthcare providers to obtain coverage or sufficient reimbursement for our products; 
 
 our ability, and the ability of third parties such as CROs to adhere to clinical study and other regulatory requirements; 
 
 the ability of third-party manufacturers to manufacture our product candidates and key ingredients needed to conduct clinical trials and, if approved, successfully commercialize our products; 
 
 the costs to us, and our ability as well as the ability of any third-party collaborators, to obtain, maintain and protect our intellectual property rights; 
 
 costs related to, and outcomes of, potential intellectual property litigation; 
 
 our ability to adequately support future growth; 
 
 our ability to attract and retain key personnel to manage our business effectively; and 
 37 

Table of Contents 

our ability to build our finance infrastructure and, to the extent required, improve our accounting systems and controls. 
 
 Accordingly, the likelihood of our success must be evaluated in light of many potential challenges and variables associated with an early commercial-stage company, many of which are outside of our control, and past operating or financial results should not be relied on as an indication of future results. Fluctuations in our operating and financial results could cause our share price to decline. It is possible that in some future periods, our operating results will be above or below the expectations of securities analysts or investors, which could also cause our share price to decline. 
 
 Raising additional funds through debt or equity financing will be dilutive and raising funds through licensing agreements may be dilutive, restrict operations or relinquish proprietary rights. 
 
 To the extent that additional capital is raised through the sale of equity, term or convertible debt securities, or structured royalties, the issuance of those securities could result in substantial dilution for our current stockholders and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our current stockholders. Existing stockholders may not agree with our financing plans or the terms of such financings. Our ability to raise additional capital may be adversely impacted by potential worsening global economic conditions and the recent disruptions to, and volatility in, the credit and financial markets in the U.S. and worldwide resulting from the pandemic. If the disruption persists and deepens, we could experience an inability to access additional capital, which could in the future negatively affect our capacity to fund research and development programs, including discovery research, preclinical and clinical development activities. Moreover, the incurrence of debt financing could result in a substantial portion of our operating cash flow being dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on such indebtedness and could impose restrictions on our operations. In addition, if we raise additional funds through future collaboration and licensing arrangements, it may be necessary to relinquish potentially valuable rights to our products or proprietary technologies, or to grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. Additional funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Such negative conditions could impact the rate at which we can successfully commercialize KRAZATI or any other drugs we develop. 
 
 Our ability to use our U.S. net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 
 Our U.S. federal net operating loss NOL ), carryforwards generated in tax years beginning before January 1, 2018, are only permitted to be carried forward for 20 years under applicable U.S. tax law. Under current law, our federal NOLs generated in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such federal NOLs is limited to 80 of taxable income. It is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to federal tax laws. In addition, under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and corresponding provisions of state law, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, which is generally defined as a greater than 50 change, by value, in its equity ownership over a three-year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change NOL carryforwards and other pre-change U.S. tax attributes (such as research tax credits) to offset its post-change income or taxes may be limited. 
 
 As a result, our NOL carryforwards generated in tax years beginning before January 1, 2018 may expire prior to being used. In addition, we believe that we have in the past undergone, and in the future it is possible we may undergo, additional ownership changes that could limit our ability to use all of our pre-change NOLs and other pre-change tax attributes (such as research tax credits) to offset our post-change income or taxes. Similar provisions of state tax law may also apply to limit our use of accumulated state tax attributes. In addition, at the state level, there may be periods during which the use of NOLs or other tax attributes is suspended or otherwise limited, which could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed. As a result, we may be unable to use all or a material portion of our NOLs and other tax attributes, which could adversely affect our future cash flows. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 
 We may not obtain adequate protection for our product and product candidates through patents and other intellectual property rights and as such, our competitive advantage in the marketplace may be compromised. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Our success depends to a significant degree upon our ability to develop, secure and maintain intellectual property rights to our proprietary products, to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others or having third parties circumvent the rights that we own or license. We have filed and are actively pursuing patent applications in the United States, Japan, Europe and other major markets via the Patent Cooperation Treaty or directly in countries of interest. However, we may not receive issued patents on any of our pending patent applications in these countries and we may not be able to obtain, maintain or enforce our patents and other intellectual property rights which could impact our ability to compete effectively. We cannot be certain that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, courts in the United States or the patent offices and courts in foreign countries will consider the claims in our patents and applications covering any of our products in development as patentable. In addition, the scope of any of our issued patents may not be sufficiently broad to provide us with a competitive advantage. Furthermore, other parties may successfully challenge, invalidate or circumvent our issued patents or patents licensed to us so that our patent rights do not create an effective competitive barrier. Our method-of-use patents protect the use of a product only for the specified method. This type of patent does not prevent a competitor from making and marketing a product that is identical to our product for an indication that is outside the scope of the patented method. Moreover, even if competitors do not actively promote their product for our targeted indications, physicians may prescribe these products off-label. Although off-label prescriptions may infringe or contribute to the infringement of method-of-use patents, the practice is common and such infringement is difficult to prevent, including through legal action. Further, if the patent applications we own or license with respect to our programs, product, product candidates and/or companion diagnostic fail to issue, if their breadth or strength of protection is threatened, or if they fail to provide meaningful exclusivity for our product or product candidates, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to develop product candidates, and threaten our ability to commercialize future products. 
 
 We may file applications for trademark registrations in connection with our product candidates in various jurisdictions, including the United States. No assurance can be given that any of our trademark applications will be registered in the United States or elsewhere, or that the use of any registered or unregistered trademarks will confer a competitive advantage in the marketplace. Furthermore, even if we are successful in our trademark registrations, the FDA and regulatory authorities in other countries have their own process for drug nomenclature and their own views concerning appropriate proprietary names. The loss, abandonment, or cancellation of any of our trademarks or trademark applications could negatively affect the success of the product or product candidates to which they relate. 
 
 Moreover, some of our know-how and technology which is not patented or not patentable may constitute trade secrets. Therefore, we require our consultants, advisors and collaborators to enter into confidentiality agreements and our employees to enter into invention and non-disclosure agreements. However, no assurance can be given that such agreements will provide for a meaningful protection of our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use or disclosure of information. Furthermore, we cannot provide assurance that any of our employees, consultants, contract personnel or collaborators, either accidentally or through willful misconduct, will not cause serious negative impact to our programs and/or our strategy. All of our employees have signed confidentiality agreements, but there can be no assurance that they will not inadvertently or through their misconduct give trade secrets away. 
 
 Third-party patents or intellectual property infringement claims may result in a reduction in the scope of our patent protection and competitive exclusivity with respect to our product or product candidates. Patent litigation, including defense against third-party intellectual property claims, may result in us incurring substantial costs. 
 
 Our patents may be challenged by third parties from time to time, and we will have to defend our intellectual property rights. If we are involved in an intellectual property dispute, we may need to litigate to defend our rights or assert them against others. Disputes can involve arbitration, litigation or proceedings declared by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or the International Trade Commission or foreign patent authorities. These disputes can result in the successful invalidation of our patents or reduction in scope so that our patent rights do not create an effective competitive barrier. Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 
 It is possible that third parties will circumvent our patents by means of alternate designs or processes or file applications or be granted patents that would block or hamper our efforts. Further, a third party may claim that our products or technology infringe its patents or other intellectual property rights, as such we may have to discontinue or alter our products and processes, pay license fees or cease certain activities. We may not be able to obtain a license to needed intellectual property on favorable terms, if at all. There are many patents issued or applied for in the biotechnology industry, and we may not be aware of patents or patent applications held by others that relate to our business. This is especially true since patent applications in the 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 United States and elsewhere are filed confidentially for the first 18 months. Moreover, the validity and breadth of biotechnology patents involve complex legal and factual questions for which important legal issues remain. 
 
 Maintaining our patents and applications requires timely payment of fees and other associated costs in the countries of filing, and we could inadvertently abandon a patent or patent application (or trademark or trademark application) due to non-payment of fees, or as a result of a failure to comply with filing deadlines or other requirements of the prosecution process, resulting in the loss of protection of certain intellectual property rights in a certain country. Alternatively, we, our collaborators or our patent counsel may take action resulting in a patent or patent application becoming abandoned which may not be able to be reinstated, or if reinstated, may suffer negative patent term adjustments. Any of these outcomes could hurt our ability to gain full patent protection for our products. Registered trademarks and/or applications for trademark registrations in the United States that belong to us are subject to similar risks as described above for patents and patent applications. 
 
 Third parties may seek to obtain approval of a generic version of approved products, including KRAZATI. Defense against entry of a generic product may result in us incurring substantial costs and ultimate failure to prevail against approval of a generic product could result in a substantial loss of market share and profits. 
 
 Even if we are successful in obtaining regulatory approval to sell any of our product candidates, other than KRAZATI, in one or more countries, we cannot be certain that our patents and other intellectual property rights will ultimately prevent approval during the patent term of generic products developed and commercialized by third parties. A generic manufacturer may seek approval of a generic version of any of our products in the United States by filing an Abbreviated New Drug Application with the FDA, asserting that our patents are invalid and/or unenforceable to maintain market exclusivity for KRAZATI or any of our other products, if approved. We cannot predict if, or when, one or more generic manufacturers may attempt to seek regulatory approval for a generic version of KRAZATI or any of our other products, if approved. There is no assurance that we will ultimately be successful in a court of law to prevent entry of a generic version of any of our products during the applicable patent term and we may incur substantial costs defending our patents and intellectual property rights. An inability to stop a generic manufacturer from selling a generic version of our products could result in a substantial loss of market share and profits or even preclude the ability to continue to commercialize KRAZATI or any of our other products, if approved. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Shares of Common Stock 
 
 Our principal stockholders control the majority of our shares, and their actions may significantly influence matters submitted to our stockholders for approval and our share price. 
 
 Based on the information available to us as of December 31, 2022, our stockholders and their affiliates who owned more than 5 of our outstanding common stock collectively owned 45 of our outstanding common stock. Boxer Capital, LLC Boxer Capital and its affiliates collectively own 9 of our outstanding common stock. In addition, in conjunction with certain financing transactions, we granted Boxer Capital the right to nominate a member of our Board of Directors and the right to appoint an observer on our Board of Directors. In addition, we granted Baker Brothers Advisors, LLC Baker Brothers the right to appoint an observer on our Board of Directors. Collectively Baker Brothers and Boxer Capital may have significant influence over matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election and removal of directors and the approval of any merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. Furthermore, if Boxer Capital, Baker Brothers, or any other of our major stockholders determine to exit from the industry or from their holdings in us, for whatever reason, the impact on our share price could be detrimental over a prolonged period of time. 
 
 Our bylaws, as amended (our Bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for certain disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 
 Our Bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors or officers to our company or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against our company arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or Bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against our company governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This choice of forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring certain claims in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. If a court were to find this choice of forum provision to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 
 Because we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, would be our stockholders only source of gain. 
 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common shares, and we currently expect that earnings, if any, and cash flow will primarily be retained and used in our operations, including servicing any debt obligations we may have now or in the future. Accordingly, although we do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future, we may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow in order to allow us to pay future dividends on, or make any distributions with respect to, our common stock. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock would be our stockholders sole source of gain on their investment in our common stock for the foreseeable future. 
 
 General Risks 
 
 As a public company in the United States, we incur significant legal and financial compliance costs and we are subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We can provide no assurance that we will, at all times, in the future be able to report that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective. 
 
 Companies that file reports with the SEC, including us, are subject to the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Section 404 requires management to establish and maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting, and annual reports on Form 10-K filed under the Exchange Act must contain a report from management assessing the effectiveness of a company s internal control over financial reporting. Ensuring that we have adequate internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in place to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis remains a costly and time-consuming effort that needs to be re-evaluated frequently. Failure on our part to have effective internal financial and accounting controls would cause our financial reporting to be unreliable, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition, and could cause our stock price to decline as a result. 
 
 If we cannot conclude that we have effective internal control over our financial reporting, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to provide an unqualified opinion regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, investors could lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements. Failure to comply with reporting requirements could also subject us to sanctions and/or investigations by the SEC, The Nasdaq Global Select Market or other regulatory authorities. 
 
 Furthermore, stockholder activism, the current political environment and the current high level of government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations, which may lead to additional compliance costs and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways we cannot currently anticipate. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, any new regulations or disclosure obligations may increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. 
 
 Our share price is volatile and may be influenced by numerous factors that are beyond our control. 
 
 A low share price and low market valuation may make it difficult to raise sufficient additional cash due to the significant dilution to current stockholders. Market prices for shares of biotechnology and biopharmaceutical companies such as ours are often volatile. Factors such as clinical and regulatory developments regarding our products or processes, developments regarding potential or future third-party collaborators, announcements of technological innovations, new commercial products, patents, the development of proprietary rights by us or by others or any litigation relating to these rights, regulatory actions, general conditions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, failure to meet analysts expectations, publications, financial results or public concern over the safety of biopharmaceutical and biotechnological products, economic conditions in the United States and other countries, terrorism and other factors could have a significant effect on the share price for our shares of common stock. Any setback or delay in the clinical development of our programs could result in a significant decrease in our share price. In recent years the stock of other biotechnology and biopharmaceutical companies has experienced extreme price fluctuations that have been unrelated to the operating performance of the affected companies. There can be no assurance that the market price of our shares of common stock will not experience significant fluctuations in the future, including fluctuations 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 that are unrelated to our performance. These fluctuations may result due to macroeconomic and world events, national or local events, general perception of the biotechnology industry or to a lack of liquidity. In addition, other biotechnology companies or our competitors programs could have positive or negative results that impact their stock prices and their results or experience stock price fluctuations that could have a positive or negative impact on our stock price, regardless of whether such impact is direct or not. 
 
 Stockholders may not agree with our business, scientific, clinical and financial strategy, including additional dilutive financings, and may decide to sell their shares or vote against such proposals. Such actions could materially impact our stock price. In addition, portfolio managers of funds or large investors can change or change their view on us and decide to sell our shares. These actions could have a material impact on our stock price. In order to complete a financing, or for other business reasons, we may elect to consolidate our shares of common stock. Investors may not agree with these actions and may sell our shares. We may have little or no ability to impact or alter such decisions. 
 
 Changes in tax laws or regulations that are applied adversely to us or our future potential customers may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 New income, sales, use or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be enacted at any time, which could adversely affect our business operations and financial performance. Effective January 1, 2022, legislation enacted in 2017, informally titled the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, eliminated the option to deduct research and development expenses for tax purposes in the year incurred and requires taxpayers to capitalize and subsequently amortize such expenses over five years for research activities conducted in the United States and over 15 years for research activities conducted outside the United States. Unless the United States Department of the Treasury issues regulations that narrow the application of this provision to a smaller subset of our research and development expenses or the provision is deferred, modified, or repealed by Congress, we expect a material decrease in our cash flows from operations and an offsetting similarly sized increase in our net deferred tax assets over these amortization periods. The actual impact of this provision will depend on multiple factors, including the amount of research and development expenses we will incur and whether we conduct our research and development activities inside or outside the United States. Further, existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to us. For example, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act and the IRA enacted many significant changes to the U.S. tax laws. Future guidance from the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities with respect to such legislation may affect us, and certain aspects of such legislation could be repealed or modified in future legislation. Furthermore, it is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to federal tax laws. Future tax reform legislation could have a material impact on the value of our deferred tax assets, could result in significant one-time charges, and could increase our future U.S. tax expense. 
 
 Future sales and issuances of our common stock or rights to purchase common stock, including pursuant to our equity incentive plans, could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to fall. 
 
 We expect that significant additional capital will be needed in the future to continue our planned operations. To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution. We may sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. If we sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in more than one transaction, investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. These sales may also result in material dilution to our existing stockholders, and new investors could gain rights superior to our existing stockholders. 
 
 Pursuant to our 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (successor to the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan) and our 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ), our management is authorized to grant stock options, restricted stock units and other equity-based awards to our employees, directors and consultants, and to sell our common stock to our employees, respectively. Pursuant to the inducement plan, the Board of Directors is authorized to grant stock options, restricted stock units and other equity-based awards to new employees who satisfy the standards for inducement grants in accordance with the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC listing rules. Any increase in the number of shares outstanding as a result of the exercise of outstanding options, the vesting or settlement of outstanding stock awards, or the purchase of shares pursuant to the ESPP will cause our stockholders to experience additional dilution, which could cause our stock price to fall. 

42 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our corporate headquarters is currently located at 3545 Cray Court, San Diego, California 92121 and is a building that consists of approximately 118,000 square feet of office and lab space (the Cray Court Lease ). The Cray Court Lease will expire mid-2033 and may be terminated early under certain circumstances. We believe that our existing facilities are adequate to meet our current needs. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 Information pertaining to legal proceedings is described in Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Our common stock is listed under the ticker symbol MRTX on The Nasdaq Global Select Market since June 5, 2018, and was previously listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market since July 15, 2013. Prior to that date, there was no public market for our common stock in the United States as our common stock was listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. 
 
 On February 22, 2023, the last reported sale price for our common stock on The Nasdaq Global Select Market was 46.03 per share. 
 
 As of February 22, 2023, we had 12 shareholders of record, which excludes shareholders whose shares were held in nominee or street name by brokers. The actual number of common shareholders is greater than the number of record holders, and includes shareholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include shareholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings for funding operations and, therefore, do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 
 Information about our equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Stock Performance Graph and Cumulative Total Return 
 
 The graph below shows the cumulative total shareholder return assuming the investment of 100 on December 31, 2017 in each of (i) Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s common stock, (ii) The Nasdaq Composite Index and (iii) The Nasdaq Biotechnology Index. The comparisons in the graph below are based upon historical data and are not indicative of, or intended to forecast, future performance of our common stock or Indexes. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 
 None. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business and related financing, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, including those factors set forth in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 
 
 References in the following discussion to we, our, us, Mirati or the Company refer to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 
 Company Overview 
 
 Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. is a commercial-stage oncology company developing novel therapeutics to address the genetic and immunological promoters of cancer. 
 
 We have multiple KRAS inhibitor programs. KRAZATI is our first commercial product. KRAZATI was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA in December 2022 and we commenced commercial sales in the U.S. at that time. KRAZATI is an oral targeted treatment option for adult patients with KRAS G12C-mutated locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC, as determined by an FDA-approved test, who have received at least one prior systemic therapy. Adagrasib (KRAZATI is in clinical development as a monotherapy and in combination with other agents. MRTX1133 is an investigational, selective, specific and potent KRAS G12D inhibitor. In January 2023, the FDA cleared our investigational new drug application IND for MRTX1133 for clinical evaluation. 
 
 Sitravatinib is an investigational spectrum-selective kinase inhibitor designed to potently inhibit receptor tyrosine kinases RTK s) and enhance immune responses through the inhibition of immunosuppressive signaling and is in clinical development. 
 
 MRTX1719 is an investigational synthetic lethal PRMT5 inhibitor designed to specifically target the PRMT5/methylthioadensoine (MTA) complex and is in clinical development. 
 
 MRTX0902 is a potent, selective SOS1 inhibitor, designed to improve anti-tumor efficacy in combination with targeted mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK)-pathway inhibitors, and is in clinical development. 
 
 The Company also has additional discovery programs of potentially first-in-class and best-in-class product candidates specifically designed to address mutations and tumors where few treatment options exist. We approach all of our programs with a singular focus: to translate our deep understanding of the molecular drivers of cancer into better therapies and better outcomes for patients. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
 
 Our discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make significant estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, our actual results may differ significantly from our estimates. 
 
 While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe the following accounting policies to be critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 Under Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 606 Topic 606 ), we recognize revenue when our customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for contracts with customers, we perform the following 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 five steps: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) we satisfy a performance obligation. We only apply the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that we will collect the consideration we are entitled to in exchange for the goods or services we transfer. At contract inception, once the contract is determined to be within the scope of Topic 606, we assess the goods or services promised within each contract, determine those that are performance obligations, and assess whether each promised good or service is distinct. We then recognize as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective performance obligation when (or as) the performance obligation is satisfied. 
 
 Product revenue, net 
 
 The transaction price for product sales includes estimates of variable consideration related to certain adjustments, including chargebacks, government and commercial rebates, incentives, product returns, trade discounts and other allowances, which are estimated using the expected value method. The estimated variable consideration may be constrained and is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. The amount of variable consideration is determined based on estimates and assumptions that reflect our payor and channel mix, contractual and statutory provisions, industry data specific to specialty pharmaceutical distribution and forecasts developed using historical experience and patterns. These estimates and assumptions are reviewed and updated each reporting period and, if necessary, we adjust our estimate of the overall transaction price as additional information becomes known. Any such adjustments are recorded on a cumulative catch-up basis, which would affect the reported amount of product revenue in the period of adjustment. 
 
 License and collaboration revenues 
 
 Our license and collaboration revenues have been generated primarily through collaborative research, development, manufacture and commercialization agreements. The terms of these agreements generally include the license of intellectual property and associated know-how and the provision of other goods and services. Payments to us under these arrangements typically include one or more of the following: non-refundable, upfront license fees; manufacturing supply services; milestone payments; and royalties on future product sales. We utilize key assumptions that require judgment to determine the stand-alone selling price for each performance obligation identified in the contract, which may include revenue forecasts, expected development timelines, discount rates, probabilities of technical and regulatory success and costs for manufacturing clinical supplies. Because the amount of revenue recognized for each performance obligation is determined based upon its relative stand-alone selling price, an increase or decrease of 10 in the estimated fair value of each performance obligation would not have a significant impact on the amount of revenue recognized. 
 
 Inventory 
 
 Inventory is recorded at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with cost determined on a first-in, first-out basis. Inventory costs include third-party contract manufacturing, packaging, freight-in and overhead. We primarily use actual costs to determine the cost basis for our inventory. The determination of whether inventory costs will be realizable requires the use of significant estimates. We review our inventories each reporting period based on an analysis of forecasted demand compared to quantities on hand and any firm purchase orders, as well as product shelf life, to identify any excess, obsolete, slow moving, or otherwise unsaleable items. 
 
 Accrued Research and Development Expenses 
 
 We accrue and expense clinical trial activities performed by third parties based upon estimates of the proportion of work completed over the life of the individual clinical trial and patient enrollment rates in accordance with agreements established with clinical research organizations CROs and clinical trial sites. We determine the estimates by reviewing contracts, vendor agreements and purchase orders, and through discussions with internal clinical personnel and external service providers as to the progress or stage of completion of trials or services and the agreed-upon fee to be paid for such services. However, actual costs and timing of clinical trials are highly uncertain, subject to risks and may change depending upon a number of factors, including our clinical development plan. 
 
 We make estimates of our accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date in our consolidated financial statements based on facts and circumstances known to us at that time. If the actual timing of the performance of services or the level of effort varies from the estimate, we will adjust the accrual accordingly. Nonrefundable advance payments for goods and services, including fees for process development or manufacturing and distribution of clinical supplies that will be used in 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 future research and development activities, are deferred and recognized as expense in the period that the related goods are consumed or services are performed. 
 
 Share-Based Compensation Expense 
 
 We measure and recognize compensation expense for share-based payments based on estimated fair value. We estimate the fair value of stock options granted using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Black-Scholes option- pricing model requires the use of certain estimates and assumptions that affect the amount of share-based compensation expense recognized in our consolidated financial statements. These assumptions include the expected volatility of our stock price, expected term of the options, the risk-free interest rate and expected dividend yields. We estimate the fair value of restricted stock units using the intrinsic value method. We estimate the fair value of performance stock units, which vest based on the achievement of pre-established performance goals, using the intrinsic value method and the probability that the specified performance criteria will be met. Share-based compensation is recognized using the graded accelerated vesting method. If any of the assumptions used in our calculation change significantly, share-based compensation expense may differ materially from what we have recorded in the current period. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 This section provides an analysis of our financial results for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. For the discussion covering the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, please refer to Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on February 28, 2022. 
 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) 2022 2021 Product revenue, net 713 713 License and collaboration revenues 11,723 72,092 (60,369) Cost of product revenue 600 600 Research and development expenses 531,627 508,594 23,033 Selling, general and administrative expenses 239,798 136,679 103,119 Other income (expense), net 19,230 (5,304) 24,534 Income tax expense 508 3,299 (2,791) 
 
 Product revenue, net 
 
 Product revenue, net relates to sales of KRAZATI, which received approval by the FDA and launched commercially in the U.S. in December 2022. Product revenue, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 0.7 million. There was no product revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 License and collaboration revenues 
 
 License and collaboration revenues relate to the Zai Agreement under which Zai was granted an exclusive license to develop, manufacture and commercialize adagrasib in the Zai Licensed Territory, and the BeiGene Agreement under which BeiGene was granted an exclusive license to develop, manufacture and commercialize sitravatinib in the BeiGene Licensed Territory. License and collaboration revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 11.7 million, and are primarily comprised of 10.0 million of milestone payments earned, including 5.0 million related to the initiation of the first pivotal clinical trial of adagrasib for the first indication in China and 5.0 million related to the initiation of the first pivotal clinical trial of adagrasib for the second indication in China, and 1.5 million of revenue related to clinical supply revenue under the Zai Agreement. License and collaboration revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 72.1 million, comprised of 66.6 million of license and collaboration revenues under the Zai Agreement related to the transfer of the license and related know- 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 how to Zai, 5.0 million of development milestone revenues related to the initiation of the first pivotal clinical trial in the BeiGene Licensed Territory, and 0.4 million related to the manufacturing supply services agreement with BeiGene. 
 
 Cost of product revenue 
 
 Cost of product revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 0.6 million and was primarily due to non-recurring, launch-related product distribution costs for KRAZATI following FDA approval in December 2022. KRAZATI was approved in December 2022, therefore there was no cost of product revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of: 
 
 salaries and related expenses for personnel, including share-based compensation; 
 
 fees paid to external service providers such as CROs and contract manufacturing organizations related to clinical trials, including contractual obligations for clinical development, clinical sites, manufacturing and scale-up, formulation of clinical drug supplies and manufacturing costs of commercial inventory prior to the approval of KRAZATI; 
 
 fees paid to contract service providers related to drug discovery efforts including chemistry and biology services; 
 
 license fees paid in connection with our early discovery efforts; and 
 
 costs for allocated facilities and depreciation of equipment. 
 
 We record research and development expenses as incurred. 
 
 Our research and development efforts during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were focused on our clinical development programs and our preclinical programs. The following table summarizes our research and development expenses, (in thousands): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) 2022 2021 Third-party research and development expenses: Clinical development programs: Adagrasib 174,823 224,440 (49,617) Sitravatinib 60,966 68,799 (7,833) MRTX1719 7,546 4,730 2,816 MRTX0902 1,798 1,798 Pre-clinical development programs 33,104 34,027 (923) Total third-party research and development expenses 278,237 331,996 (53,759) Salaries and other employee related expense 102,767 74,125 28,642 Share-based compensation expense 113,544 68,496 45,048 Other research and development costs 37,079 33,977 3,102 Research and development expense 531,627 508,594 23,033 
 
 Research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 531.6 million compared to 508.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 23.0 million was primarily related to an increase in development costs to advance our preclinical and clinical development programs, and an increase in headcount-related costs, including share-based compensation and salaries, due to the growth of our headcount to support our growing portfolio, offset primarily by a reduction in manufacturing costs for adagrasib to support our NDA and commercial launch. 
 
 At this time, due to the risks inherent in the clinical development process and product development programs, we are unable to estimate with any certainty the costs we will incur in the continued development of our clinical programs and early 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 discovery programs. The process of conducting clinical trials necessary to obtain regulatory approval and manufacturing scale-up to support expanded development and potential future commercialization is costly and time consuming. Any failure by us or delay in completing clinical trials, manufacturing scale up or in obtaining regulatory approvals could lead to increased research and development expense and, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We expect that our research and development expenses may increase if we are successful in advancing our clinical programs or our other preclinical programs into more advanced stages of clinical development. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consist of salaries and related benefits, including share-based compensation, related to our executive, finance, legal, commercial and support functions. Other selling, general and administrative expenses include commercial activities such as marketing, professional fees, rent and utilities and insurance. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 239.8 million compared to 136.7 million for the same period in 2021. The increase of 103.1 million was primarily due to an increase in headcount-related costs, including share-based compensation and salaries, and commercial readiness costs, as we prepared for the commercial launch of KRAZATI. 
 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 
 Other income (expense), net for the year ended December 31, 2022 was income of 19.2 million compared to an expense of 5.3 million for the same period in 2021. The increase of 24.5 million was primarily due to a gain recognized on the dissolution of one of our subsidiaries, MethylGene, Inc., of 9.5 million, which represented a cumulative foreign currency translation gain within accumulated other comprehensive income, an increase of 12.7 million in interest income mainly due to higher interest rates, and a favorable impact of 2.7 million from the change in fair value of the long-term investment in ORIC Pharmaceuticals, Inc., which was acquired in 2020 in connection with the ORIC Agreement. 
 
 Income Tax Expense 
 
 Income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 0.5 million and related to foreign withholding taxes related to the milestone payments received from Zai in connection with the initiation of pivotal clinical trials of adagrasib for the first and second indications in China during 2022. Income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 3.3 million and related to foreign withholding taxes as a result of the upfront payment received from Zai in July 2021. 
 
 A summary of our Results of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2020 may be found in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 28, 2022 and February 25, 2021. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 We regularly evaluate our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can adequately meet our principal cash requirements, which include funding research and development programs, including discovery research, preclinical and clinical development activities, commercial operating costs and commitments. 
 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 
 To date, we have funded our operations primarily through the sale of our common stock, pre-funded warrants to purchase our common stock, and, through up-front payments, research funding and milestone payments under collaborative arrangements. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.1 billion of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments compared to 1.5 billion as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 In 2022, we received net proceeds of 155.0 million from issuances and sales of 1,880,097 shares of our common stock under the July 2021 amended and restated sales agreement with Cowen and Company, LLC (the Sales Agreement ). Pursuant to the Sales Agreement, we may, from time to time, sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 500.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 345.0 million remained available for issuance under the Sales Agreement. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 In 2021, we received net proceeds of 474.7 million from public offerings of our common stock and 68.4 million relating to upfront license and milestone payments in connection with collaboration agreements. During 2020, we completed public offerings of our common stock that generated total net proceeds of 1.2 billion. 
 
 Based on our current and anticipated level of operations, we believe that our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments will provide us with sufficient liquidity to finance our cash requirements for at least one year from the date this Annual Report on Form 10-K is filed with the SEC. 
 
 Since inception, we have primarily devoted our resources to funding research and development programs, including discovery research, preclinical and clinical development activities and the commercial launch of KRAZATI. To fund future operations, we will likely need to raise additional capital. The amount and timing of future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including the timing and results of our ongoing development efforts, the potential expansion of our current development programs, potential new development programs and related selling, general and administrative support. We anticipate that we will seek to fund our operations through public or private equity or debt financings or other sources, such as potential collaboration agreements. We cannot make assurances that anticipated additional financing will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. Although we have previously been successful in obtaining financing through our equity securities offerings, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so in the future. As a result of adverse geopolitical and macroeconomic developments, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, actions taken to slow its spread, the ongoing military conflict between Ukraine and Russia and related sanctions, actual and anticipated changes in interest rates, economic inflation and the responses by central banking authorities to control such inflation, the global credit and financial markets have experienced volatility and disruptions, including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates and uncertainty about economic stability. There can be no assurance that deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur. If equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to obtain, more costly and/or more dilutive. 
 
 Uses of Liquidity 
 
 We utilize our capital to fund research and development activities as well as commercialization activities associated with our approved drug. We invest a significant amount of capital in preclinical and clinical development costs, including the cost of manufacturing our product candidates and commercially available drug. 
 
 It can take a significant amount of time and capital resources to successfully complete all stages of research and development and commercialization of a product candidate. The length of time and funding required cannot be accurately estimated as it varies substantially according to the type, complexity, novelty and intended use of a product candidate. The funding necessary to execute product development and commercialization is uncertain and we are unable to accurately predict when or if we will be able to achieve or maintain profitability. The funding necessary to execute our business strategies is subject to numerous uncertainties and we may be required to make substantial expenditures if unforeseen difficulties arise in certain areas of our business. In particular, our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 
 the success of our commercialization efforts and market acceptance of KRAZATI (approved by the FDA and launched commercially in the U.S. in December 2022) and other drug product candidates; 
 
 the timing and outcome of regulatory review of KRAZATI and other drug product candidates; 
 
 continued progress in our research and development and clinical development programs; 
 
 the cost of manufacturing clinical supply for our clinical trials and commercial manufacturing; and 
 
 addition and retention of key research, development and commercial personnel, including sales and marketing. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 Our principal commitments as of December 31, 2022 include both short and long-term future obligations. 
 
 Operating Lease 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 We have a non-cancelable operating lease agreement where we are contractually obligated for certain lease payment amounts. For more information regarding our operating lease obligations, refer to Note 15 in our accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Pfizer Agreement 
 
 In addition to a 15.0 million milestone payment due under our license and collaboration agreement with Array BioPharma, Inc. Array, acquired by Pfizer Inc. Pfizer )) incurred in December 2022 relating to the first commercial sale of KRAZATI in the U.S., the agreement also includes potential future sales milestone payments and royalties arising from the collaboration. For more information, refer to Note 10 in our accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Other 
 
 We enter into contracts in the normal course of business with clinical sites for the conduct of clinical trials, CROs for clinical research studies, professional consultants for expert advice and other vendors for clinical and commercial manufacturing or other services. These contracts generally provide for termination on notice, and therefore are cancelable contracts. 
 
 Historical Cash Flows 
 
 Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 The following table provides a summary of the net cash flow activity for each of the periods set forth below (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (570,570) (388,800) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 225,803 (588,901) Net cash provided by financing activities 
 166,944 505,222 Decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 (177,823) (472,479) 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 570.6 million and 388.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cash used in operating activities during 2022 primarily related to our net loss of 740.9 million, adjusted for non-cash share-based compensation expense of 186.2 million and net cash outflows from a change in our operating assets and liabilities of 10.1 million. Cash used in operating activities during 2021 primarily related to our net loss of 581.8 million, adjusted for non-cash share-based compensation expense of 113.5 million and net cash inflows from a change in our operating assets and liabilities of 65.6 million. 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was an inflow of 225.8 million and an outflow of 588.9 million, respectively, and reflects the sales and maturities of short-term investments, offset by purchases of short-term investments and property and equipment. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 166.9 million and consisted primarily of net proceeds received from the issuance and sale of our common stock under the Sales Agreement, exercise of common stock options, and stock issuances under the employee stock purchase plan. Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 505.2 million and consisted of proceeds from issuance and sale of common stock in public offerings, exercise of common stock options, and stock issuances under the employee stock purchase plan. 

53 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Some of our short-term investments have market risk in that a change in prevailing interest rates may cause the fair value of the principal amount of the investment to fluctuate. Financial instruments that potentially subject us to significant concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. We invest our excess cash primarily in commercial paper and debt instruments of financial institutions, corporations, U.S. government-sponsored agencies and the U.S. Treasury. We mitigate credit risk by maintaining a well-diversified portfolio and limiting the amount of investment exposure as to institution, maturity and investment type. We invest our excess cash in accordance with our investment policy. 
 
 Because of the short-term maturities of our cash equivalents and short-term investments, we do not believe that an increase in market rates would have any significant impact on the realized value of our investments. If a 10 change in interest rates were to have occurred on December 31, 2022, this change would not have had a material effect on the fair value of our investment portfolio as of that date. 

54 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 The financial statements and supplemental data required by this item are set forth at the pages indicated in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report. 
 
 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) and Rule 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act, our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based on that evaluation, management has concluded that as of December 31, 2022, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level and we believe the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations, comprehensive loss and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) . Based on this assessment, our management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report, which is included herein. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management s evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 San Diego, California 
 February 28, 2023 

56 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement ), which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all officers, directors and employees. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on our website at www.mirati.com. If we make any substantive amendments to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or grant any waiver from a provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to any executive officer or director, we will promptly disclose the amendment or waiver on our website. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 1. Financial Statements. We have filed the following documents as part of this Annual Report: 
 
 Page Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 64 
 Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 66 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 67 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 69 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 70 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules. All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the Financial Statements or notes thereto. 

59 

Table of Contents 

 INDEX TO EXHIBITS Exhibit number 
 Description of Document 2.1 Arrangement Agreement, dated May 8, 2013, by and between MethylGene Inc. and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Amended Registration Statement on Form 10-12B/A (No. 001-35921), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 14, 2013). 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form 10-12B (No. 001-35921), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 10, 2013). 
 3.2 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form 10-12B (No. 001-35921), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 10, 2013). 
 3.3 Amendment to Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 16, 2016). 
 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Amended Registration Statement on Form 10-12B/A (No. 001-35921), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 14, 2013). 
 4.2 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 6, 2017). 
 4.3 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 16, 2017). 
 4.4 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 7, 2018). 
 4.5 Description of Capital Stock (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 25, 2021). 
 10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement relating to the 2012 private placement (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form 10-12B (No. 001-35921), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 10, 2013). 
 10.2+ Amended and Restated Incentive Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form 10-12B (No. 001-35921), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 10, 2013). 
 10.3+ Amended and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and Form of Stock Option Agreement and Form of Stock Option Grant Notice thereunder (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 12, 2021). 
 10.4+ Form of 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form 10-12B (No. 001-35921), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 10, 2013). 
 10.5+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 26, 2020). 
 10.6+ Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. Inducement Plan (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 31, 2019). 
 10.7+ Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Stock Option Agreement under Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. Inducement Plan (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 31, 2019). 
 10.8+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. Inducement Plan (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 31, 2019). 
 10.9+ 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (as approved by the Registrant's Stockholders May 12, 2022), Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Stock Option Agreement, Form of RSU Grant Notice with Sell to Cover Election and Award Agreement, and Form of RSU Grant Notice and Award Agreement, thereunder (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 20, 2022). 
 10.10+ Senior Executive Employment Agreement, dated September 24, 2012, by and among MethylGene Inc. and Dr. Charles M. Baum (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form 10-12B (No. 001-35921), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 10, 2013). 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 10.11+ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated July 2, 2013, by and between the Registrant and Dr. Charles M. Baum (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Amended Registration Statement on Form 10-12B/A (No. 001-35921), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 9, 2013). 
 10.12+ Letter Agreement, dated May 20, 2013, by and between MethylGene Inc. and James Christensen (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11, 2015). 
 10.13+ Form of Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-191544), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 3, 2013). 
 10.14+ Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy , effective January 6, 2023 . 
 10.15+ Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated December 19, 2016, by and between the Registrant and Dr. Charles Baum (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 16, 2017). 
 10.16+ Amendment to Letter Agreement, dated December 19, 2016, by and between the Registrant and James Christensen (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 9, 2017). 
 10.17 Collaboration and License Agreement, dated January 7, 2018, by and among Mirati Therapeutics, Inc., MethylGene Inc. and BeiGene, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 20, 2018). 
 10.18 Clinical Trial Collaboration and Supply Agreement, dated January 3, 2019, by and between the Registrant and Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, and related Supply/Quality Addendum dated March 29, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 29, 2019). 
 10.19 Drug Discovery Collaboration Option Agreement, dated October 1, 2014, by and between Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. and Array BioPharma Inc., and related amendments dated August 13, 2015, November 9, 2015, February 13, 2016, and August 24, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 29, 2019). 
 10.20 Lease to 3545 Cray Court, dated August 22, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 4, 2019). 
 10.21 Amended and Restated Lease to 3545 Cray Court, dated June 30, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 6, 2020). 
 10.22 Letter Agreement, dated December 18, 2019, by and between the Registrant and Benjamin Hickey (incorporated by reference by Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 25, 2021). 
 10.23 Second Amendment to Letter Agreement, effective December 31, 2020, by and between the Registrant and Dr. Charles M. Baum (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 6, 2021). 
 10.24 Second Amendment to Letter Agreement, effective December 31, 2020, by and between the Registrant and Dr. James Christensen (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 6, 2021). 
 10.25 Collaboration and License Agreement, dated May 28, 2021, by and among the Company and Zai Lab (Hong Kong) Limited (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 5, 2021). 
 10.26 Amended and Restated Sales Agreement, dated July 2, 2021, by and between Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. and Cowen and Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 2, 2021). 
 10.27 Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated September 20, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Dr. Charles M. Baum (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 8, 2021). 
 10.28 Employment Agreement, dated September 17, 2021, by and between the Registrant and David D. Meek (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 8, 2021). 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 10.29 Amended and Restated Second Amendment to Letter Agreement, effective September 20, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Dr. James Christensen (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 28, 2022). 
 10.30+ Employment Agreement, dated April 7, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Laurie D. Stelzer (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 3, 2022). 
 10.31+ Mirati Therapeutics Inc. Executive Severance Plan (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 8, 2022). 
 10.32 Letter Agreement, dated December 16, 2022, by and between the Registrant and James Christensen. 
 10.33 Employment Agreement, dated August 17, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Alan Sandler, M.D. 
 10.34+ Amendment to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. Inducement Plan (incorporated by reference to Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 15, 2022). 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 32.1 Certifications Pursuant to U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Public Company Accounting Reform and Investor Protection Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 We have received confidential treatment for certain portions of this agreement, which have been omitted and filed separately with the SEC pursuant to Rule 406 under the Securities Act. 
 Certain portions of this exhibit (indicated by [ ] have been omitted as Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. customarily and actually treats that information as private or confidential and the omitted information is not material. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 

63 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Accrued research and development expenses 
 Description of the Matter At December 31, 2022, the Company incurred 531.6 million for research and development expenses and accrued 67.3 million for research and development expenses. As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company records accruals for estimated costs of research and development activities, including contract services for clinical trials and related clinical manufacturing costs. Clinical trial activities performed by third parties are accrued and expensed based upon estimates of the proportion of work completed over the life of the individual clinical trial and patient enrollment rates in accordance with agreements established with Clinical Research Organizations CROs and clinical trial sites. Estimates are determined by reviewing contracts, vendor agreements and purchase orders, and through discussions with internal clinical personnel and external service providers as to the progress or stage of completion of trials or services and the agreed-upon fee to be paid for such services. 
 Auditing management s accounting for accrued research and development expenses, for which the Company has either not been invoiced or has not received information on the actual costs incurred, was especially challenging as evaluating the progress or stage of completion of the activities under the Company s research and development agreements is dependent upon information from internal clinical personnel and third party service providers and involves a high volume of data which is tracked in spreadsheets and other end user computing programs. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the accounting for accrued research and development expenses. For example, we tested controls over management s assessment and measurement of estimated accrued costs, including data inputs for study progress and remaining stages of completion under each study. 
 
 To test the completeness of the Company s accrued research and development expenses, we obtained supporting evidence of the research and development activities performed for significant clinical trials. We attended internal clinical trial and project status meetings with accounting and clinical project managers to inspect the status of significant research and development activities. To assess the appropriate measurement of accrued research and development costs, our audit procedures included, among others, obtaining and inspecting significant agreements and agreement amendments, and testing a sample of transactions and comparing the costs against related invoices and contracts. We also tested a sample of subsequent payments to evaluate the completeness of the accrued expenses and compared the results to the current year accrual. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 

February 28, 2023 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net Inventory Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Intangible asset, net Long-term investment Right-of-use asset Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Lease liability Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Note 15) 
 Shareholders equity Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; issued and outstanding at both December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Common stock, par value; authorized; and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 See accompanying notes 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Product revenue, net License and collaboration revenues Total revenue Operating expenses Cost of product revenue Research and development Selling, general and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax expense Net loss ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Unrealized loss on available-for-sale investments ) ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) Net loss per share, basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 Common Stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Accumulated deficit Total shareholders equity Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2019 
 ) Net loss ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Share-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock from ESPP Issuance of common stock under equity incentive plans Net exercise of warrants ) Unrealized loss on investments ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 
 ) Net loss ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Share-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock from ESPP Issuance of common stock under equity incentive plans Net exercise of warrants ) Unrealized loss on investments ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 ) Net loss ) ) Issuance of common stock under ATM, net of issuance costs Share-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock from ESPP Issuance of common stock under equity incentive plans Unrealized loss on investments ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) 

See accompanying notes 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities: Net loss ) ) ) Non-cash adjustments reconciling net loss to operating cash flows Non-cash consideration earned from license agreement ) Change in fair value of long-term investment ) Depreciation and amortization expense Amortization of premium and accretion of discounts on investments ) ) Share-based compensation expense Loss on disposal of fixed assets Foreign currency adjustments ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) Inventory ) Other current assets ) ) ) Other long-term assets ) ) ) Right-of-use asset Lease liability ) Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other liabilities ) Cash flows used in operating activities ) ) ) Investing activities: Purchases of short-term investments ) ) ) Sales and maturities of short-term investments Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Proceeds from issuance of common stock under equity incentive plans Proceeds from issuances under employee stock purchase plan Cash flows provided by financing activities (Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash included in other long-term assets Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing activities: Accrued capital expenditures Capitalized intangible asset included in accrued liabilities Allowance utilized for tenant improvements Initial recognition of operating right-of-use asset Initial recognition of operating lease liability 
 
 See accompanying notes 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 
 business segment, primarily in the United States. The Company s common stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market since June 5, 2018, and was previously listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market since July 15, 2013, under the ticker symbol MRTX. 
 
 million within other income during the year ended December 31, 2022, which represented the cumulative foreign currency translation gain within accumulated other comprehensive income. 

2. 

are considered short-term investments and have been classified by management as available-for-sale. These investments are classified as current assets, even though the stated maturity date may be one year or more beyond the current consolidated balance sheet date, which reflects management s intention to use the proceeds from sales of these securities to fund its operations, as necessary. Such investments are carried at fair value, and the unrealized gains and losses are reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income in shareholders equity until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities, if any, are determined on a specific identification basis. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

71 

Table of Contents 

 72 

Table of Contents 

73 

Table of Contents 

 years Office and other equipment years Laboratory equipment years Leasehold improvements The lesser of the lease term or the life of the asset 
 
 Upon disposal or impairment of property and equipment, the cost and related accumulated depreciation is removed from the consolidated financial statements and the net amount, less any proceeds, is included in consolidated net loss. 

The Company recognized impairment charges for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

75 

Table of Contents 

 Common stock warrants Unvested restricted stock units and performance stock units Total 

3. 
 
 years or less 
 ) Commercial paper year or less 
 ) U.S. Agency bonds years or less 
 ) U.S. Treasury bills years or less 
 ) ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 Maturity Amortized cost Gross unrealized gains Gross unrealized losses Estimated fair value Corporate debt securities years or less 
 ) Commercial paper year or less 
 ) U.S. Agency bonds year or less 
 U.S. Treasury bills years or less 
 ) ) 
 
 The Company has classified all of its short-term investments as available-for-sale as the sale of such securities may be required prior to maturity to implement management strategies, and accordingly, carries these investments at fair value. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the unrealized losses for available-for-sale investments were non-credit related, and the Company does not intend to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis, which may be at the time of maturity. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, allowance for credit losses was recorded. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company did t recognize any impairment losses related to investments. 
 
 The long-term investment balance of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is comprised of shares of ORIC Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ORIC common stock which were acquired in 2020. The investment is carried at fair value which, as of December 31, 2022, is based on the closing price of ORIC s common stock on the last trading day of the reporting period. As of December 31, 2021, the fair value was based on the closing price of ORIC s common stock on the last trading day of the reporting period and was adjusted for a discount for lack of marketability due to an eighteen-month lock-up period which expired in the first quarter of 2022. The Company records any change in fair value within other income (expense) , net in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, and recorded a loss of 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 million and a gain of million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company currently does not intend to sell ORIC shares within 12 months from December 31, 2022. See Note 4 for further details. 

4. 

Money market funds U.S. Agency bonds Total cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments: U.S. Treasury bills Corporate debt securities Commercial paper U.S. Agency bonds Total short-term investments Long-term investment: ORIC Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Total 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Money market funds Total cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments: U.S. Treasury bills Corporate debt securities Commercial paper U.S. Agency bonds Total short-term investments Long-term investment: ORIC Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Total 
 
 The Company s investments in Level 1 assets are valued based on publicly available quoted market prices for identical securities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company determines the fair value of Level 2 related securities with the aid of valuations provided by third parties using proprietary valuation models and analytical tools. These valuation models and analytical tools use market pricing or prices for similar instruments that are both objective and publicly available, including matrix pricing or reported trades, benchmark yields, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bids and/or offers. 
 
 The Company s long-term investment in ORIC as of December 31, 2021 was considered a Level 3 fair value measurement and utilized a combination of the Asian Protective Put Option and Finnerty Put Option fair value techniques with unobservable inputs of volatility and an expected term of years to determine the discount for lack of marketability of . In the first quarter of 2022, the eighteen-month lock-up period expired, and because ORIC common stock is quoted in an active market, it meets the criteria of a Level 1 investment. In the first quarter of 2022, the Company transferred the investment in ORIC from a Level 3 fair value measurement to a Level 1 fair value measurement. See Note 10 for further details on the license agreement with ORIC. 
 
 Change in fair value ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Change in fair value at lock-up expiration ) Transfer from Level 3 to Level 1 at lock-up expiration ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Other than the investment in ORIC described above, there were no transfers between fair value measurement levels in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 5. 
 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Total inventory 
 
 All of the Company s inventory relates to the manufacturing of KRAZATI subsequent to FDA approval in December 2022. There were no inventory write downs during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

6. Other Current Assets and Other Long-Term Assets 
 
 Deposits and other receivables Interest receivables Total other current assets Other long-term assets: Deposits and prepaid expenses Restricted cash Total other long-term assets 

7. Property and Equipment, Net 
 
 Leasehold improvements Office and other equipment Computer equipment Gross property and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

8. Intangible Asset, Net 
 
 Less: Accumulated amortization ) Intangible asset, net 
 
 The Company has a finite-lived intangible asset, resulting from the capitalization of a milestone payment due under the license and collaboration agreement with Array BioPharma, Inc. Array, acquired by Pfizer Inc. Pfizer in July 2019), in connection with the Company s first commercial sale of KRAZATI in the U.S. in December 2022 (see Note 10). The Company began amortizing the intangible asset in December 2022 over a 14.5-year period based on KRAZATI s expected patent life, which is considered to be KRAZATI s useful life. The Company incurred amortization expense of million for the year ended December 31, 2022 which was included in cost of product revenue in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. amortization expense was recorded for either of the years ended December 31, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

9. Accrued Liabilities and Other Liabilities 
 
 Accrued manufacturing expense Accrued development expense Accrued compensation and benefits Accrued commercial expense Accrued adjustments to product revenue Lease liability (current) Other accrued expenses Total accrued liabilities Other liabilities 

80 

Table of Contents 

10. Revenue 

million on the consolidated balance sheet consisted of KRAZATI product sales receivable, net of chargebacks, discounts and allowances of million. The Company did t have an accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s government and commercial rebates, program incentives and provision for product returns totaled million and are included in accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company did t have product reserves as of December 31, 2021. 

License and Collaboration Agreements 
 
 million. BeiGene is also required to make milestone payments to the Company of up to an aggregate of million upon the first achievement of specified clinical, regulatory and sales milestones. The BeiGene Agreement additionally provides that BeiGene is obligated to pay the Company royalties at tiered percentage rates ranging from mid-single digits to percent on annual net sales of licensed products in the BeiGene Licensed Territory, subject to reduction under specified circumstances. The BeiGene Agreement also provides that the Company will supply BeiGene with sitravatinib for use in BeiGene s development activities in the BeiGene Licensed Territory. 
 
 The BeiGene Agreement will terminate upon the expiration of the last royalty term for the licensed products, which is the latest of (i) the date of expiration of the last valid patent claim related to the licensed products under the BeiGene Agreement, (ii) after the first commercial sale of a licensed product and (iii) the expiration of any regulatory exclusivity as to a licensed product. BeiGene may terminate the BeiGene Agreement at any time by providing days prior written notice to the Company. Either party may terminate the BeiGene Agreement upon a material breach by the other party that remains uncured following days after the date of written notice of such breach or upon certain bankruptcy events. In addition, the Company may terminate the BeiGene Agreement upon written notice to BeiGene under specified circumstances if BeiGene challenges the licensed patent rights. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 The Company evaluated the BeiGene Agreement under Topic 606. At the time it entered into the BeiGene Agreement, the Company determined the transaction price was equal to the up-front fee of million. The transaction price was allocated to the performance obligations on the basis of the relative stand-alone selling price estimated for each performance obligation. In estimating the stand-alone selling price for each performance obligation, the Company developed assumptions that require judgment and included forecasted revenues, expected development timelines, discount rates, probabilities of technical and regulatory success and costs for manufacturing clinical supplies. As such, of the up-front fee, the Company allocated million to the license of the Company s intellectual property, bundled with the associated know-how, and the remaining million to the initial obligation to supply sitravatinib for clinical development in the BeiGene Licensed Territory. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

million related to this performance obligation as license and collaboration revenues in 2018. 
 
 Manufacturing Supply Services. The Company s initial obligation to supply sitravatinib for clinical development in the BeiGene Licensed Territory represents a distinct performance obligation, and the million initial supply obligation was fully recognized as license and collaboration revenues as of December 31, 2020. Although the initial performance obligation was satisfied, BeiGene may request additional sitravatinib in the future for clinical development in the BeiGene Licensed Territory. revenue was recognized as license and collaboration revenues related to this performance obligation for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company recognized million as license and collaboration revenues related to this performance obligation for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company recognized million as license and collaboration revenues related to this performance obligation for the year ended December 31, 2020, of which million relates to cost-sharing payments due from BeiGene, and million relates to recognition from the deferred revenue balance. 
 
 The Company recorded a cost-sharing receivable from BeiGene within other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets of million as of December 31, 2021. The Company was owed a cost-sharing receivable from BeiGene as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Milestone Payments. The Company is entitled to development milestones under the BeiGene Agreement and certain regulatory milestone payments which are paid upon receipt of regulatory approvals within the BeiGene Licensed Territory. milestone payments were earned during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company earned a million milestone payment related to the initiation of the first pivotal clinical trial in the BeiGene Licensed Territory during the year ended December 31, 2021, and did t earn any milestone payments during the year ended December 31, 2020. The Company evaluated whether the remaining milestones are considered probable of being reached and determined that their achievement is highly dependent on factors outside of the Company s control. Therefore, these payments have been fully constrained and are not included in the transaction price. At the end of each subsequent reporting period, the Company will re-evaluate the probability of achievement of each milestone and any related constraint, and if necessary, adjust its estimate of the overall transaction price. Any such adjustments are recorded on a cumulative catch-up basis, which would affect the reported amount of license and collaboration revenues in the period of adjustment. 
 
 Royalties. As the license is deemed to be the predominant item to which sales-based royalties relate, the Company will recognize revenue when the related sales occur. royalty revenue was recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. 

million from the Company, and tiered sales milestone payments of up to million based upon worldwide net sales, and tiered royalties in the high single digits to mid-teens on worldwide net sales of products arising from the collaborations. Under the agreements, the Company has incurred million in development milestone payments and a million milestone payment relating to the first commercial sale of KRAZATI in the U.S. from inception through December 31, 2022. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

million milestone payment relating to the first commercial sale of KRAZATI in the U.S., which was capitalized as in-process research and development as of December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred expenses under these agreements of million related to initiation of the first Phase 3 trial for adagrasib. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company incurred expenses of million, consisting of a million milestone payment for initiation of the first Phase 2 trial for adagrasib, a million milestone payment for initiation of the first regulatory toxicology study for MRTX1133, and million in research and development services. 
 
 The royalty term for each agreement is payable on a country-by-country and product-by-product basis, and separately will terminate at the later of (i) the date of expiration of the last valid patent claim within the collaboration patent rights or the Pfizer background technology covering such product in the country in which such product is sold at the time of such sale, or (ii) after the first commercial sale of such product in such country. The Company may terminate each agreement at any time by providing days prior written notice to Pfizer. Either party may terminate each agreement upon a material breach by the other party that remains uncured following days after the date of written notice of such breach or upon certain bankruptcy events. 

shares of its common stock (the Shares to the Company on August 3, 2020. The Shares were issued under a stock issuance agreement entered into between ORIC and the Company, dated August 3, 2020. During the period following the date of the stock issuance agreement, the Company was subject to certain transfer restrictions. ORIC is not obligated to pay the Company milestone payments or royalty payments under the ORIC Agreement. 
 
 Unless terminated earlier, the ORIC Agreement will continue in effect on a country-by-country and licensed product-by-licensed product basis until the later (a) the expiration of the last valid claim of a licensed patent covering such licensed product in such country or (b) after the first commercial sale of such licensed product in such country. Following the expiration of the ORIC Agreement, ORIC will retain its licenses under the intellectual property the Company licensed to ORIC on a royalty-free basis. The Company and ORIC may each terminate the ORIC Agreement if the other party materially breaches the terms of such agreement, subject to specified notice and cure provisions, or enters into bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings. The Company may terminate the agreement if ORIC challenges any of the patent rights licensed to ORIC by the Company or if ORIC discontinues development of licensed products for a specified period of time. ORIC also has the right to terminate the ORIC Agreement without cause by providing prior written notice to the Company. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 The Company accounted for the ORIC Agreement under Topic 606 and identified the granting of an exclusive, worldwide license to develop and commercialize the Company s allosteric PRC2 inhibitors for all indications as a distinct performance obligation since ORIC can benefit from the license on its own by developing and commercializing the underlying product using its own resources. 
 
 In determining the transaction price, the Company received the Shares as non-cash consideration. The Company allocated the entire transaction price to the distinct performance obligation described above, and the license and related know-how was transferred to ORIC during the third quarter of 2020. Therefore, the Company recognized the entire transaction price of million during 2020 and classified the amount as license and collaboration revenues in its consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 
 The Shares are carried at fair value and are recorded on the consolidated balance sheet as a long-term investment. Any change in fair value is recorded within other income (expense) , net on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

million. Under the Zai Agreement, the Company is entitled to potential development and regulatory-based milestone payments of up to million, and tiered sales milestone payments of up to million based on net sales in the Zai Licensed Territory. The Zai Agreement additionally provides that Zai is obligated to pay to the Company royalties at tiered percentage rates ranging from the high-teens to the low-twenties on annual net sales of licensed products in the Zai Licensed Territory, subject to reduction under specified circumstances. The Zai Agreement also provides that the Company will supply Zai with adagrasib for use in Zai s development activities in the Zai Licensed Territory at Zai s expense. 
 
 The Zai Agreement will terminate on a licensed product-by-licensed product basis and on a region-by-region basis in the Zai Licensed Territory, upon the later to occur of (i) the date of expiration of the last valid claim covering such licensed product in such region, (ii) the date that is after the date of the first commercial sale in such region and (iii) the expiration date of any regulatory exclusivity for such licensed product in such region, or for a co-commercialized product on the date the parties agree to terminate such co-commercialization, or in its entirety upon the expiration of all payment obligations under the Zai Agreement. Zai may terminate the Zai Agreement at any time by providing months notice to the Company. Either party may terminate the Zai Agreement upon a material breach by the other party that remains uncured or upon certain bankruptcy events. In addition, the Company may terminate the Zai Agreement if Zai challenges the licensed patent rights. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 The Company evaluated the Zai Agreement under Topic 606. The Company determined that two performance obligations existed: (1) the license to intellectual property, bundled with the associated know-how and (2) the Company s initial obligation to supply adagrasib for clinical development in the Zai Licensed Territory. At the time it entered into the Zai Agreement, the Company determined the transaction price was equal to million, which includes the up-front fee and other incidental amounts. In estimating the stand-alone selling price for each performance obligation, the Company developed assumptions that require judgment and included forecasted revenues, expected development timelines, discount rates, probabilities of technical and regulatory success, forecasted costs for manufacturing clinical supplies and cost savings related to Zai s participation in selected trials. The Company allocated the full transaction price to the license to the Company s intellectual property, bundled with the associated know-how. The Company concluded the variable payments related to the Company s initial obligation to supply adagrasib for clinical development in the Zai Licensed Territory relate specifically to the Company s efforts to satisfy this performance obligation and the obligation to provide the initial clinical supply approximates the stand-alone selling price. Payments under the Zai Agreement are subject to foreign tax withholdings. 
 
 Licenses of Intellectual Property. The license to the Company s intellectual property, bundled with the associated know-how, represents a distinct performance obligation. The license and associated know-how was transferred to Zai during the year ended December 31, 2021 and, therefore during 2021, the Company recognized the full revenue amount of million as license and collaboration revenues and million as income tax expense in its consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 
 Manufacturing Supply Services. The Company s initial obligation to supply adagrasib for clinical development in the Zai Licensed Territory represents a distinct performance obligation. As such, the Company will recognize revenue when Zai obtains control of the goods. The Company recognized million of revenue related to this performance obligation for the year ended December 31, 2022. revenue related to this performance obligation was recognized for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company 
 84 

Table of Contents 

million milestone payment related to the initiation of the first pivotal clinical trial of adagrasib for the first indication in China and a million milestone payment related to the initiation of the first pivotal clinical trial of adagrasib for the second indication in China and recognized million as income tax expense during the year ended December 31, 2022. milestone payments were earned during the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company evaluated whether or not the milestones are considered probable of being reached and determined that their achievement is highly dependent on factors outside of the Company s control. These payments have been fully constrained and therefore are not included in the transaction price. At the end of each subsequent reporting period, the Company will re-evaluate the probability of achievement of each milestone and any related constraint and, if necessary, adjust its estimate of the overall transaction price. Any such adjustments will be recorded on a cumulative catch-up basis, which would affect the reported amount of license and collaboration revenues in the period of adjustment. 
 
 Royalties. As the license is deemed to be the predominant item to which sales-based royalties relate, the Company will recognize revenue when the related sales occur. royalty revenue was recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

11. Stockholders Equity 
 
 Restricted stock units outstanding Warrants to purchase common stock Employee Stock Purchase Plan Shares available for grant Total 
 
 Sale of Common Stock 
 
 In November 2021, the Company issued and sold shares of its common stock at a public offering price of per share. After deducting underwriter discounts, commissions and estimated offering expenses, the Company received net proceeds from the transaction of million. 
 
 In October 2020, the Company issued and sold shares of its common stock at a public offering price of per share. After deducting underwriter discounts, commissions and estimated offering expenses, the Company received net proceeds from the transaction of approximately million. 
 
 In January 2020, the Company issued and sold shares of its common stock at a public offering price of per share. After deducting underwriter discounts, commissions and offering expenses, the Company received net proceeds from the transaction of million. 
 
 At the Market Facility 
 
 On July 2, 2020, the Company entered into a sales agreement pursuant to which the Company may, from time to time, sell shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, having an aggregate offering price of up to million. On July 2, 2021, the Company entered into an amended and restated sales agreement pursuant to which the Company may, from time to time, sell shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, having an aggregate offering price of up to million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued and sold shares of common stock under this sales agreement generating net proceeds of million. During the years ended December 31, 
 85 

Table of Contents 

shares of common stock pursuant to this sales agreement. 
 
 Warrants 
 
 November 20, 2017 None June 11, 2018 None 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, warrants were exercised. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, warrants for shares of the Company s common stock were exercised via cashless exercise, resulting in the issuance of shares of common stock. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, warrants for shares of the Company s common stock were exercised via cashless exercise, resulting in the issuance of shares of common stock, and warrants for shares of the common stock were exercised for cash, generating immaterial net proceeds. 

12. Share-Based Compensation 
 
 million shares. In May 2022, the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan was approved by the Company s Board of Directors and stockholders as the successor to the 2013 Plan. All shares available under the 2013 Plan were transferred to the 2022 Plan and the aggregate number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the 2022 Plan was increased by million shares. As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately million shares available to be granted from the 2022 Plan. 
 
 In December 2019, the Company s Board of Directors adopted the Inducement Plan, reserving shares of the Company s common stock for issuance of stock options and other equity-based awards to new employees who satisfy the standards for inducement grants in accordance with the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC listing rules. In July 2022, the Company's Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Inducement Plan to increase the aggregate number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance by million shares. As of December 31, 2022, there were million shares available to be issued from the Inducement Plan. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, share-based compensation awards consist of incentive and non-qualified stock options, restricted stock units, and performance stock units. Stock options granted under each of the plans must have an exercise price equal to at least of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant and generally vest over . Stock options granted under the 2013 Plan, the 2022 Plan and the Inducement Plan have a contractual term of . 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 

Granted Exercised ) Forfeited and expired ) Balance outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 

The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company received total cash of million, million and million for the exercise of options for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total fair value of options vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 The fair value of options granted is estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Forfeitures are accounted for as incurred as a reversal of any share-based compensation expense related to options that will not vest. 
 Dividend yield Volatility factor Expected term (in years) Weighted-average estimated fair value per share 
 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate - The risk-free interest rate is the rate for periods equal to the expected term of the stock option based on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon bonds. 
 
 Dividend Yield - The dividend yield is based on the Company s history and expectation of dividend payouts. The Company has not paid, and does not intend to pay dividends. 
 
 Volatility Factor - The expected volatility assumption was determined by examining the historical volatility of the Company s stock. 
 
 Expected Term - The expected term represents the weighted-average period the stock options are expected to be outstanding. 
 
 The total compensation cost not yet recognized as of December 31, 2022 related to non-vested option awards was million which will be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 

and are subject to continued service. 
 
 Granted Released ) Canceled/forfeited ) Balance outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

The total fair value of RSUs that vested during the year ended December 31, 2022 was million. The total compensation cost not yet recognized as of December 31, 2022 related to non-vested RSUs was million, which will be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 Performance Stock Units PSUs 
 
 The Company began issuing PSUs during 2020. PSUs generally begin to vest upon achievement of certain performance goals and are subject to continued service. 
 Granted Released ) Canceled/forfeited ) Balance outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

The total fair value of PSUs that vested during the year ended December 31, 2022 was million. The total compensation cost not yet recognized as of December 31, 2022 related to non-vested PSUs was million, which will be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expense 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, share-based compensation expense was capitalized and there were recognized tax benefits associated with the share-based compensation charge. 
 
 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 In May 2013, the Company s Board of Directors adopted and the stockholders approved the 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ). In December 2014, the ESPP became effective and the first purchase period began. The ESPP permits eligible employees to make payroll deductions to purchase up to of the Company s common stock on regularly scheduled purchase dates at a discount. Offering periods under the ESPP are not more than six months in duration and shares are purchased at of the lower of the closing price for the Company s common stock on the first day of the offering period or the date of purchase. The ESPP initially authorized the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant 
 88 

Table of Contents 

shares have been issued out of the plan. 

13. Employee Benefit Plan 
 
 of an employee s earnings, subject to Internal Revenue Service limitations. Expense associated with the Company s matching contribution totaled million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. 

14. Income Taxes 
 
 million was related to foreign withholding taxes on the milestone payment received in connection with the Zai Agreement. The income tax expense recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021 of million was related to foreign withholding taxes on the up-front fee in connection with the Zai Agreement. The Company had federal income tax expense and immaterial state tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2020. ) ) Statutory U.S. federal tax rate Tax computed at federal statutory rate ) ) ) State income taxes, net of federal benefit ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in taxes recoverable resulting from: Effect of change in valuation allowance 
 Non-deductible share-based compensation 
 Tax deductions for share-based compensation 
 ) ) Tax credits 
 ) ) ) Dissolution of Canadian entity Foreign withholding taxes Change in tax rate ) Unrecognized tax benefits Return to provision and other true-ups ) Non-deductible officers compensation Other differences 
 ) ) Income tax expense 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 

Stock compensation Provisions Lease liability Non-current investment Net operating loss carryforward Capital loss carryforward Canada scientific research and experimental development expenditures U.S. research and development tax credits Total gross deferred tax assets Less valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Right-of-use asset ) ) Net deferred income taxes 
 
 The total valuation allowance increased by million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company has established a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 due to the uncertainty surrounding the realization of such assets as evidenced by the cumulative losses from operations through December 31, 2022. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company s net operating loss carry forwards NOLs for U.S. federal, California, and other state income tax purposes were billion, million and million, respectively. The U.S. federal and California NOLs begin to expire in 2033, and the other state NOLs begin to expire at various dates starting in 2037. 
 
 The future utilization of the U.S. federal and state NOL and credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income and tax, respectively, may be subject to an annual limitation as a result of ownership changes that may have occurred previously or may occur in the future. The Tax Reform Act of 1986 (the Act limits a company s ability to utilize certain tax credit carryforwards and net operating loss carryforwards in the event of a cumulative change in ownership in excess of 50 (by value) as defined in the Act. 
 
 During 2017, the Company completed a study to assess whether an ownership change, as defined by Section 382 of the Act, had occurred from the Company s formation through December 31, 2017. The results of the study have been extended through December 31, 2022. Based upon the study, the Company determined an ownership change had occurred during 2017, causing the annual utilization of the NOL and credit carryforwards to be limited. The Company does not believe any of the NOL and credit carryforwards generated through December 31, 2022 would expire solely as a result of annual limitations on the utilization of those attributes. 
 
 The Company has research and development tax credit carryforwards for U.S. federal and state income tax purposes as of December 31, 2022 of million and million, respectively. The federal credits will begin to expire in 2033 unless utilized and the state credits will begin to expire in 2036. Further, the Company has orphan drug tax credit carryforwards for U.S. federal income tax purposes as of December 31, 2022 of million. The credits will begin to expire in 2041 unless previously utilized. 
 
 For Canadian Federal and provincial income tax purposes, the Company s Canadian NOLs and credits for federal scientific research and experimental development expenditures no longer exist as MethylGene was dissolved during 2022. 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

Gross increase current period tax positions Gross decrease current period tax positions Gross decrease prior period tax positions 
 ) ) Gross increase prior period tax positions 
 Expiration of statute of limitations 
 Unrecognized tax positions, end of year 
 
 If recognized, none of the unrecognized tax positions would impact the Company s income tax benefit or effective tax rate as long as the Company s net deferred tax assets remain subject to a full valuation allowance. The Company does not expect any significant increases or decreases to the Company s unrecognized tax positions within the next 12 months. 
 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. The Company had accrual for interest or penalties on tax matters as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

15. Commitments and Contingencies 
 
 years Lease Term ), unless terminated earlier. The Lease Term has an initial abatement period, and the initial base rent payable will be approximately million per month following the abatement period, which amount will increase by per year over the Lease Term. The Company also received incentives from the landlord for tenant improvements. During 2020, the underlying asset was available for use by the Company to construct tenant improvements and therefore, the Lease Term was considered to have commenced. 
 
 The Amended and Restated Lease is considered to be an operating lease, and the Company used a discount rate of to calculate the value of its lease payments over the Lease Term. As of December 31, 2022, the consolidated balance sheet includes an operating right-of-use asset of million and a total operating lease liability of million, of which million is a current lease liability and included in accrued liabilities , and million is included in non-current lease liability. As of December 31, 2021, the consolidated balance sheet includes an operating right-of-use asset of million and a total operating lease liability of million, of which million is a current lease liability and included in accrued liabilities, and million is included in non-current lease liability. The Company recorded operating lease expense of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total operating lease payments ) 
 Less: Amount representing interest ) Total lease liability 
 ____________________ 
 The Company has an early termination right in 2028 in which the total contractual obligation would be reduced by million. 
 
 On June 24, 2014, the Company entered into a lease agreement for office and laboratory space located in San Diego, California. The office space under the lease was the Company s corporate headquarters. The initial monthly rent was per month and was subject to a annual rent increase. In addition to such base monthly rent, the Company was obligated to pay certain customary amounts for its share of operating expenses and facility amenities. The original lease provided for expiration on January 31, 2018, and the Company entered into subsequent amendments to the original lease to extend the lease term to July 2021. All other terms and covenants from the original lease agreement remain unchanged. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 The Company is subject to various claims, complaints and legal actions that arise from time to time in the normal course of business, including commercial insurance, product liability, intellectual property and employment related matters. In addition, from time to time the Company may bring claims or initiate lawsuits against various third parties with respect to matters arising out of the ordinary course of its business, including commercial and employment related matters. 
 
 In November 2022, the Company filed a civil lawsuit in Shanghai Intellectual Property Court against InventisBio Co., Ltd., its wholly-owned subsidiary InventisBio LLC, and its deputy general manager and director Xing Dai (collectively, the Defendants ). The lawsuit seeks to protect the Company s intellectual property rights and alleges the Defendants misappropriated the trade secrets of the Company in connection with a certain pre-clinical research project of the Defendants. The Company seeks an injunction immediately enjoining the Defendants from improperly obtaining, disclosing, using, sharing and otherwise misappropriating the trade secrets of the Company, a declaratory judgment that ownership of the relevant patents and patent applications belongs to the Company, and other related relief. A trial date has not been set. 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 MIRATI THERAPEUTICS, INC. Date: February 28, 2023 by: /s/ David D. Meek Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: February 28, 2023 by: /s/ Laurie D. Stelzer Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints David D. Meek and Laurie D. Stelzer as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, with full power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact, and either of them, or his or their substitute or substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /S/ DAVID D. MEEK Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 28, 2023 David D. Meek /S/ LAURIE D. STELZER Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) February 28, 2023 Laurie D. Stelzer /S/ CHARLES M. BAUM President, Founder, Head of Research and Development and Director February 28, 2023 Charles M. Baum, M.D., Ph.D. /S/ FAHEEM HASNAIN Chairman of the Board February 28, 2023 Faheem Hasnain /S/ BRUCE L.A. CARTER Director February 28, 2023 Bruce L.A. Carter, Ph.D. /S/ JULIE CHERRINGTON Director February 28, 2023 Julie Cherrington, Ph.D. /S/ AARON DAVIS Director February 28, 2023 Aaron Davis /S/ HENRY J. FUCHS Director February 28, 2023 Henry J. Fuchs, M.D. /S/ CRAIG JOHNSON Director February 28, 2023 Craig Johnson /S/ MAYA MARTINEZ-DAVIS Director February 28, 2023 Maya Martinez-Davis /S/ SHALINI SHARP Director February 28, 2023 Shalini Sharp 

94 

<EX-10.14>
 2
 mrtx-20221231xex1014.htm
 EX-10.14

Document 

Exhibit 10.14 
 
 MIRATI THERAPEUTICS, INC. NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION POLICY (Updated January 6, 2023) Effective Date 
 
 Each member of the Board of Directors (the Board who is not also serving as an employee of Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. Mirati or the Company or any of its subsidiaries (each such member, an Eligible Director will receive the compensation described in this Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (the Director Compensation Policy for his or her Board service. 
 
 The Director Compensation Policy may be amended at any time in the sole discretion of the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 
 Annual Cash Compensation 
 
 The annual cash compensation amount set forth below is payable in equal quarterly installments, payable in arrears on the last day of each fiscal quarter in which the service occurred. If an Eligible Director joins the Board or a committee of the Board Committee at a time other than effective as of the first day of a fiscal quarter, each annual retainer set forth below will be pro-rated based on days served in the applicable fiscal year, with the pro-rated amount paid for the first fiscal quarter in which the Eligible Director provides the service, and regular full quarterly payments thereafter. All annual cash retainer fees are vested upon payment. 
 
 1. Annual Board Service Retainer 
 a. Eligible Directors other than the Chair 45,000 
 b. Chair 80,000 
 
 2. Annual Committee Chair Service Retainer 
 a. Chair of the Audit Committee 20,000 
 b. Chair of the Compensation Committee 15,000 
 c. Chair of the Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee 10,000 
 d. Chair of the Research and Development Committee 15,000 
 
 3. Annual Committee Member Service Retainer 
 a. Member of the Audit Committee 10,000 

b. Member of the Compensation Committee 7,500 
 c. Member of the Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee 5,000 
 d. Member of the Research and Development Committee 7,500 

Equity Compensation 
 
 The equity compensation set forth below will be granted under the Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), and will be documented on the applicable form of equity award agreement most recently approved for use by the Board (or a duly authorized committee thereof) for Eligible Directors. All stock options granted under the Director Compensation Policy will be nonstatutory stock options, with an exercise price per share equal to 100 of the Fair Market Value (as defined in the Plan) of the underlying Company Common Stock (the Common Stock on the date of grant, and a term of ten years from the date of grant (subject to earlier termination in connection with a termination of service as provided in the Plan). 
 
 1. Initial Grant On the date of the Eligible Director s initial election to the Board (or, if such date is not a market trading day, the first market trading day thereafter), the Eligible Director automatically will be granted, without further action by the Board or Compensation Committee of the Board, (i) a stock option to purchase shares of Common Stock (the Initial Option Grant and (ii) a restricted stock unit award covering shares of Common Stock (the Initial RSU Grant ), whereby the Initial Option Grant and Initial RSU Grant shall together have an aggregate target fair value of 800,000, calculated in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board, Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation FASB ASC Topic 718 ), with the value split evenly between the Initial Option Grant and Initial RSU Grant. The Initial Option Grant will vest in a series of thirty-six (36) substantially equal monthly installments after the date of grant, such that the Initial Option Grant will be fully vested on the third anniversary of the date of grant, subject to the Eligible Director s Continuous Service (as defined in the Plan) on each applicable vesting date. The Initial RSU Grant will vest in a series of three (3) substantially equal annual installments after the date of grant, such that the Initial RSU Grant will be fully vested on the third anniversary of the date of grant, subject to the Eligible Director s Continuous Service (as defined in the Plan) on each applicable vesting date. In addition, in the event of a Change in Control or a Corporate Transaction (each, as defined in the Plan), any unvested portion of the Initial Option Grant and Initial RSU Grant will fully vest and become exercisable as of immediately prior to the effective time of such Change in Control or Corporate Transaction, subject to the Eligible Director s Continuous Service (as defined in the Plan) on the effective date of such transaction. 

2. Annual Grant 
 
 a. Each fiscal year, on the earlier to occur of (i) the grant date of annual equity awards to the Company s executive officers or (ii) the date of the Mirati annual stockholder meeting, each Eligible Director, other than the Chair, automatically, and without further action by the Board or Compensation Committee of the Board, will be granted (a) a stock option to purchase shares of Common Stock (the Director Annual Option Grant and (b) a restricted stock unit award covering shares of Common Stock (the Director Annual RSU Grant ), whereby the Director Annual Option Grant and Director Annual RSU Grant shall together have an aggregate target fair value of 400,000, calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The aforementioned values resulted in the Eligible Directors receiving an equity award comprised of 7,520 stock options and 4,444 restricted stock units for the fiscal year commencing January 1, 2023. The Director Annual Option Grant will vest in twelve (12) substantially equal monthly installments after the date of grant, such that the Director Annual Option Grant will be fully vested on the first anniversary of the date of grant, subject to the Eligible Director s Continuous Service (as defined in the Plan) on each applicable vesting date. The Director Annual RSU Grant will vest in full on the first anniversary of the date of grant, subject to the Eligible Director s Continuous Service (as defined in the Plan) on such vesting date. In addition, in the event of a Change in Control or a Corporate Transaction (each, as defined in the Plan), any unvested portion of the Director Annual Option Grant and Director Annual RSU Grant will fully vest and become exercisable as of immediately prior to the effective time of such Change in Control or Corporate Transaction, subject to the Eligible Director s Continuous Service (as defined in the Plan) on the effective date of such transaction. 
 
 b. Each fiscal year, on the earlier to occur of (i) the grant date of annual equity awards to the Company s executive officers or (ii) the date of the Mirati annual stockholder meeting, the Chair automatically, and without further action by the Board or Compensation Committee of the Board, will be granted (a) a stock option to purchase shares of Common Stock (the Chair Annual Option Grant and (b) a restricted stock unit award covering shares of Common Stock (the Chair Annual RSU Grant ), whereby the Chair Annual Option Grant and Chair Annual RSU Grant shall together have an aggregate target fair value of 570,000, calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The aforementioned values resulted in the Chair receiving an equity award comprised of 10,716 stock options and 6,333 restricted stock units for the fiscal year commencing January 1, 2023. The Chair Annual Option Grant will vest in twelve (12) substantially equal monthly installments after the date of grant, such that the Chair Annual Option Grant will be fully vested on the first anniversary of the date of grant, subject to the Chair s Continuous Service (as defined in the Plan) on each applicable vesting date. The Chair Annual RSU Grant will vest in full on the first anniversary of the date of grant, subject to the Eligible Director s Continuous Service (as defined in the Plan) on such vesting date. In addition, in the 

event of a Change in Control or a Corporate Transaction (each, as defined in the Plan), any unvested portion of the Chair Annual Option Grant and Chair Annual RSU Grant will fully vest and become exercisable as of immediately prior to the effective time of such Change in Control or Corporate Transaction, subject to the Chair s Continuous Service (as defined in the Plan) on the effective date of such transaction. 
 
 Expenses 
 
 The Company will reimburse Eligible Directors for ordinary, necessary and reasonable out-of-pocket travel expenses to cover in-person attendance at and participation in Board and or Committee meetings provided , that Eligible Directors timely submit to the Company appropriate documentation substantiating such expenses in accordance with the Company s travel and expense policy, as in effect from time to time. 
 
 Philosophy 
 
 The Director Compensation Policy is designed to attract and retain experienced, talented individuals to serve on the Board. The Board anticipates that the Board, or a duly authorized committee thereof, will generally review Eligible Director compensation on an annual basis. The Director Compensation Policy, as amended from time to time, may take into account the time commitment expected of Eligible Directors, best practices and market rates in director compensation, the economic position of Mirati, broader economic conditions, historical compensation structure, the advice of the compensation consultant that the Compensation Committee or the Board may retain from time to time, and the potential dilutive effect of equity awards on our stockholders. 
 
 Under the Director Compensation Policy, Eligible Directors receive cash compensation in the form of retainers to recognize their level of responsibility as well as the necessary time commitment involved in serving in a leadership role and or on Committees. Eligible Directors also receive equity compensation because we believe that stock ownership provides an incentive to act in ways that maximize long-term stockholder value. Further, we believe that stock-based awards are essential to attracting and retaining talented Board members. When stock options are granted, these stock options will have an exercise price at least equal to the Fair Market Value of Common Stock on the date of grant, so that stock options provide a return only if the Fair Market Value appreciates over the period in which the stock option vests and remains exercisable. We believe that the vesting acceleration provided in the case of a Change in Control or other Corporate Transaction is consistent with market practices and is critical to attracting and retaining high quality directors. 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.32>
 3
 mrtx-20221231xex1032.htm
 EX-10.32

Document 

Exhibit 10.32 
 December 16, 2022 
 
 James Christensen 
 4276 Kerwood Court 
 San Diego, CA 92130 
 
 Subject Special Cash Award 
 
 Dear Jamie, 
 
 I am pleased to share with you that the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. Mirati has approved your eligibility for a one-time special lump sum cash bonus Special Cash Award in a total amount of 1,000,000, subject to the terms of this letter. For nearly a decade, you have devoted your time and shared your expertise to help shape Mirati into the company it is today. As we continue to focus on driving our strategy forward to deliver groundbreaking therapies to patients, we would like to take this opportunity to acknowledge and thank you for your innumerable contributions and thoughtful scientific leadership that has been instrumental to advancing our pipeline and bringing us to where we are today. 
 
 The Special Cash Award, if earned, will be payable to you in a lump sum on December 28, 2023 Payment Date and is subject to standard payroll tax withholding. In order to earn this Special Cash Award, you must remain continuously and actively employed in the full time position of Chief Scientific Officer through and until the Payment Date. Active employment does not include any leave of absence, or any period after tendering a notice of voluntary resignation. 
 
 If you voluntarily terminate your employment with Mirati without Good Reason (as defined in the Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. Executive Severance Plan (the Plan or your employment is terminated by Mirati for Cause (as defined in the Plan) or your death or disability, in each case, prior to the Payment Date, you will not be eligible for and will not receive the Special Cash Award. However, if your employment is involuntarily terminated by Mirati without Cause, or if you resign for Good Reason, then the Special Cash Award will become payable to you as soon as administratively possible (but no later than 60 days following your termination), subject to your fulfillment of the conditions to receiving severance benefits as stated in Section 2.5 of the Plan, including without limitation your timely execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims provided, however, that if the payment of the Special Cash Award is subject to a release and the release revocation period spans two calendar years, then the Special Cash Award will be paid in the second of the two years to the extent necessary to avoid taxation under Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 It is intended that all of the payments payable under this letter be interpreted in such a manner that all such payments are exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code as short-term deferrals as described in Section 409A of the Code or, if not so exempt, comply with Section 409A of the Code, and this letter will be construed to the greatest extent possible as consistent with the terms of any such exemption. Any reference herein to a termination of service is intended to constitute a separation from service within the meaning of 
 3545 Cray Court, San Diego, CA 92121 
 T 1-844-MIRATI-1 E info mirati.com W Mirati.com LinkedIn Twitter Facebook 

Section 409A of the Code. The Company may impose additional rules and requirements from time to time in order to comply with Section 409A of the Code, which will not require your consent. 
 
 The terms set forth herein form the complete and exclusive statement of terms between you and Mirati with regard to this subject matter and supersede any other agreements or promises made to you by anyone, whether oral or written, on this subject, and cannot be modified or amended except in a writing signed by you and Mirati s Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 On behalf of Mirati, please accept this award and my gratitude. I look forward to sharing in future success as we strive to achieve our vision of unlocking the promise of a life beyond cancer. 
 
 Sincerely, 
 
 s DAVID MEEK 
 ______________________ 
 David Meek 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Acknowledged and agreed 

s JAMES CHRISTENSEN 
 ______________________ 
 James Christensen 
 
 12 16 2022 
 ______________________ 
 Date 
 
 3545 Cray Court, San Diego, CA 92121 
 T 1-844-MIRATI-1 E info mirati.com W Mirati.com LinkedIn Twitter Facebook 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-10.33>
 4
 mrtx-20221231xex1033.htm
 EX-10.33

Document 

Exhibit 10.33 
 August 17, 2022 
 Alan Sandler 
 22 Arana Circle 
 Sausalito, CA 94965 
 
 Re Offer of Employment 
 Dear Alan 
 Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company or Mirati is pleased to offer you at-will employment in the position of Chief Medical Officer on the terms and conditions set forth in this letter agreement (the Agreement ). Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement have the meanings set forth in Section 10 . 
 1. Employment by the Company. Your employment with the Company shall begin on October 15, 2022, or such date as otherwise agreed to by you and the Company (such actual date your employment begins (the Start Date )). This is an exempt position, and during your employment with the Company, you will devote substantially all of your business time and attention to the business of the Company, except for approved vacation periods and reasonable periods of illness or other incapacities permitted by the Company s general employment policies. You shall perform such duties consistent with the position of Chief Medical Officer, as set forth in your position description, or as required by the Company s Chief Executive Officer (the CEO ), to whom you will report. Your primary work location shall be the Company s office located in San Diego, California. The Company reserves the right to reasonably require you to perform your duties at places other than your primary office location from time to time, and to require reasonable business travel with reimbursement in a manner consistent with the Company s travel reimbursement policies. 
 2. At-Will Employment. Your employment relationship is at-will. Either you or the Company may terminate the employment relationship at any time, with or without Cause or advance notice. Upon termination of your employment for any reason, you shall resign from all positions and terminate any relationships as an employee, advisor, officer or director with the Company and any of its affiliates, each effective on the date of termination. 
 3. Compensation. 
 3.1 Base Salary. For services to be rendered hereunder, you shall receive a base salary at the rate of five hundred and seventy-five thousand dollars (USD 575,000) per year, subject to standard payroll deductions and withholdings and payable in accordance with the Company s regular payroll schedule (the Base Salary ). Employees starting after October 1, 2022 will not be eligible for the annual salary adjustment review during the 2023 calendar year. 

3.2 Annual Bonus. You shall be eligible to participate in the Company s incentive plan applicable to senior executives at a level such that you will have the potential to earn a cash bonus, at target, of forty-five percent (45 of your annual Base Salary during such year (the Annual Bonus ). The amount of such Annual Bonus shall be determined by the Company s Board of Directors (the Board in its sole discretion, based upon the achievement of you and or the Company of management objectives to be reasonably established by the Board in consultation with you. These management objectives shall consist of both financial and scientific goals and shall be specified in writing by the Board, and a copy shall be given to you prior to the commencement of the applicable year. You acknowledge there is no assurance that the terms of the incentive plan will remain unchanged or will in any future year provide the same benefits as it has in past years (or any benefits or payments at all) and that the Company may, at its discretion, revise the terms of the incentive plan in advance for any upcoming fiscal year as it applies to you provided always that you will be entitled to participate in any incentive plan made available to senior executives of the Company. Any Annual Bonus amounts shall be subject to standard payroll deductions and withholdings. Except as otherwise provided in Section 9 , you must continue to be employed through the date the Annual Bonus is paid in order to earn such bonus for any particular year. Your Annual Bonus for 2022 will be a prorated target Annual Bonus based on the number of days between your Start Date and the end of 2022 and will be paid in Q1 of 2023. 
 3.3 Equity. Subject to Board approval, as soon as administratively practicable following your Start Date, you will be granted stock options Options and restricted stock unit awards RSUs under the Company's Inducement Plan, as amended from time to time, and any successor plan thereto Inducement Plan ). The Options and RSUs will be granted to you as an inducement material to you entering into employment with the Company pursuant to the inducement grant exception provided under Nasdaq listing rules, and the Company represents that all Options will be registered on an effective S-8 or other registration statement prior to the date on which they become vested. The Options and RSUs will be granted as soon as practicable following the Start Date and the public disclosure of all Company material, non-public information, as determined by the Company. Your Options and RSUs will have the following terms 
 (a) Options . Options will be issued to you for the purchase of 65,000 shares of our common stock in accordance with the Inducement Plan. The Options will have an exercise price equal to 100 of the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the applicable date of grant. The Options will vest over a four-year period following your grant date, with 25 of the Options vesting on the first anniversary of your initial grant date, and the remainder vesting in 36 equal monthly installments on each monthly anniversary thereafter, in each case subject to your continued services with the Company through the applicable vesting dates. The Options will be subject to the terms of the Inducement Plan, the Plan and the option agreement between you and the Company. 
 (b) RSUs . You will be awarded 40,000 RSUs in accordance with accounting standards on the applicable date of grant. The RSUs will vest over a four-year period following 
 2. 

your initial grant date, with 25 of the RSUs vesting on each anniversary of your grant date, in each case subject to your continued services with the Company through the applicable vesting dates. The RSUs will be subject to the terms of the Inducement Plan, Plan and the restricted stock unit agreement between you and the Company. 
 
 4. Expenses. You will be eligible for reimbursement of all reasonable, necessary and documented out-of-pocket business, entertainment, and travel expenses incurred by you in connection with the performance of your duties hereunder, in accordance with the Company's expense reimbursement policies and procedures. 
 5. Paid Time Off Paid Sick Leave Holidays. You will initially be eligible to accrue up to four (4) weeks (or 20 days) of vacation during each calendar year (January 1 - December 31), subject to applicable maximum accrual caps, in accordance with the Company s paid time off policies as in effect from time to time. You will be granted ten (10) days (or 80 hours) of paid sick leave at the commencement of employment, and thereafter, on January 1st of each calendar year. You will also be eligible for certain paid holidays pursuant to Company policy. The Company reserves the right to cancel or change its policies regarding paid time off, paid sick leave and or holidays from time to time without amendment of this Agreement. 
 6. Company Policies Standard Company Benefits . The employment relationship between the parties shall be governed by the general employment policies and practices of the Company, except that when the terms of this Agreement differ from or are in conflict with the Company s general employment policies or practices, this Agreement shall control. In accordance with Company practice and subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Company benefit plan documents, you will be eligible to participate in the generally applicable employee benefit programs provided by the Company to its U.S. based employees from time to time (such as life insurance, health insurance, dental insurance, 401(k), employee stock purchase plan, etc.) in accordance with their terms. The Company reserves the right to cancel or change the benefit plans or programs it offers to its employees at any time. 
 7. Proprietary Information Obligations. As a condition of employment, you shall execute and abide by the Company s Employee Proprietary Information and Invention Assignment Agreement (the PIIA ). By signing this letter you are representing that you have full authority to accept this position and perform the duties of the position without conflict with any other obligations and that you are not involved in any situation that might create, or appear to create, a conflict of interest with respect to your loyalty or duties to the Company. You specifically warrant that you are not subject to an employment agreement or restrictive covenant preventing full performance of your duties to the Company. You agree not to bring to the Company or use in the performance of your responsibilities at the Company any materials or documents of a former employer that are not generally available to the public, unless you have obtained express written authorization from the former employer for their possession and use. 
 3. 

You also agree to honor your obligations to former employers and any other third parties (if any) during your employment with the Company. 
 8. Outside Activities During Employment. Except with the prior written consent of the CEO, you will not during the term of your employment with the Company undertake or engage in any other employment, occupation or business enterprise. 
 9. Termination Severance Benefits. 
 9.1 Involuntary Termination. If you are subject to an Involuntary Termination that does not occur within the Change in Control Period, the Company shall pay to you the Accrued Amounts and in addition, you will be entitled to the benefits set forth in this Section 9.1 (the Severance Benefits ), subject to your satisfaction of all the conditions described in Section 9.4 below. 
 (a) Cash Severance. You will receive a cash payment equal to (i) eighteen (18) months (the Severance Period of your Base Salary at the rate in effect immediately prior to your Involuntary Termination (but without giving effect to any prior reduction to Base Salary by the Company which would give rise to your right to resign for Good Reason), subject to applicable payroll deductions and tax withholdings (the Severance Payment ). The Severance Payment shall be paid to you in a lump sum on the first regular payroll date of the Company following the effective date of the Release. 
 (b) Accelerated Vesting. The vesting and exercisability of all outstanding options, restricted stock unit awards, and other equity awards covering the Company s common stock that are held by you as of immediately prior to the Involuntary Termination, to the extent such equity awards would otherwise have vested during the Severance Period solely conditioned on your continued services with the Company, shall accelerate vesting in accordance with their applicable vesting schedules as if you had completed an additional number of months of service with the Company equal to the Severance Period as of the date of Involuntary Termination. 
 (c) Payment of Continued Group Health Plan Benefits. If you are eligible for and timely elect continued group health plan coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 or any state law of similar effect COBRA following your Involuntary Termination, the Company will pay your COBRA group health insurance premiums for you and your eligible dependents directly to the insurer until the earliest of (A) the end of the period immediately following your Involuntary Termination that is equal to the Severance Period (the COBRA Payment Period ), (B) the expiration of your eligibility for continuation coverage under COBRA, or (C) the date when you become eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment or self-employment. For purposes of this Section, references to COBRA premiums shall not include any amounts payable by you under a Section 125 health care reimbursement plan under the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that it cannot pay the COBRA premiums without potentially incurring financial costs or penalties under applicable law 
 4. 

(including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then regardless of whether you elect continued health coverage under COBRA, and in lieu of providing the COBRA premiums, the Company will instead pay you on the last day of each remaining month of the COBRA Payment Period, a fully taxable cash payment equal to the COBRA premiums for that month, subject to applicable tax withholdings (such amount, the Special Severance Payment ), which payments shall continue until the earlier of expiration of the COBRA Payment Period or the date when you become eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment or self-employment. On the first payroll date following the effectiveness of the Release, the Company will make the first payment to the insurer under this clause (and, in the case of the Special Severance Payment, such payment will be to you, in a lump sum) equal to the aggregate amount of payments that the Company would have paid through such date had such payments instead commenced on the date of your Involuntary Termination, with the balance of the payments paid thereafter on the schedule described above. If you become eligible for coverage under another employer s group health plan, you must immediately notify the Company of such event, and all payments and obligations under this subsection shall cease. 
 9.2 Involuntary Termination in Connection with a Change in Control. If you are subject to an Involuntary Termination during the Change in Control Period, then you shall be entitled to the Accrued Amounts and to the benefits set forth in this Section (the Change in Control Severance Benefits ), subject to your satisfaction of all the conditions described in Section 9.4 below. 
 (a) Cash Severance. You will receive a cash payment equal to (i) eighteen (18) months (the CIC Severance Period of your Base Salary, plus (ii) your target Annual Bonus for the year in which the Involuntary Termination occurs (in each case calculated by reference to your Base Salary rate as in effect immediately prior to your Involuntary Termination, but without giving effect to any prior reduction in Base Salary by the Company which would give rise to your right to resign for Good Reason), subject to applicable payroll deductions and tax withholdings (the CIC Severance Payment ). The CIC Severance Payment shall be paid to you in a lump sum on the first regular payroll date of the Company following the effective date of the Release. 
 (b) Full Accelerated Vesting. Effective as of the later of your Involuntary Termination or the effective date of the Change in Control, the vesting and exercisability of all outstanding stock options, restricted stock unit awards and other equity awards covering the Company s common stock that are held by you as of immediately prior to the Involuntary Termination shall accelerate vesting in full. For purposes of determining the number of shares that will accelerate vesting pursuant to this Section 9.2(b) with respect to any equity award subject to performance-based vesting for which the performance period has not ended and that has multiple vesting levels depending upon the level of performance, the portion of such award that shall accelerate vesting shall be calculated assuming that the applicable performance criteria were attained at the greater of (1) a 100 level or (2) the actual level of achievement of the applicable performance criteria as of the later of the Change in Control or Involuntary 
 5. 

Termination, as applicable. Your equity awards shall remain outstanding following your Involuntary Termination if and to the extent necessary to give effect to this Section 9.2(b) . For the avoidance of doubt, vesting acceleration under this subsection is conditioned upon the actual consummation of a Change in Control. 
 (c) Payment of Continued Group Health Plan Benefits. If you are eligible for and timely elect continued group health plan coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 or any state law of similar effect COBRA following your Involuntary Termination, the Company will pay your COBRA group health insurance premiums for you and your eligible dependents directly to the insurer until the earliest of (A) the end of the period immediately following your Involuntary Termination that is equal to the CIC Severance Period (the CIC COBRA Payment Period ), (B) the expiration of your eligibility for continuation coverage under COBRA, or (C) the date when you become eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment or self-employment. For purposes of this Section, references to COBRA premiums shall not include any amounts payable by you under a Section 125 health care reimbursement plan under the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that it cannot pay the COBRA premiums without potentially incurring financial costs or penalties under applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then regardless of whether you elect continued health coverage under COBRA, and in lieu of providing the COBRA premiums, the Company will instead pay you on the last day of each remaining month of the CIC COBRA Payment Period, a fully taxable cash payment equal to the COBRA premiums for that month, subject to applicable tax withholdings (such amount, the Special Severance Payment ), which payments shall continue until the earlier of expiration of the CIC COBRA Payment Period or the date when you become eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment or self-employment. On the first payroll date following the effectiveness of the Release, the Company will make the first payment under this clause (and, in the case of the Special Severance Payment, such payment will be to you, in a lump sum) equal to the aggregate amount of payments that the Company would have paid through such date had such payments instead commenced on the date of your Involuntary Termination, with the balance of the payments paid thereafter on the schedule described above. If you become eligible for coverage under another employer s group health plan, you must immediately notify the Company of such event, and all payments and obligations under this subsection shall cease. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall you be entitled to benefits under both Section 9.1 and this Section 9.2 . If you are eligible for benefits under both Section 9.1 and this Section 9.2 , you shall receive the benefits set forth in this Section 9.2 and such benefits shall be reduced by any benefits previously provided to you under Section 9.1 . 
 9.3 Termination for Cause Resignation Without Good Reason Death or Disability. If the Company terminates your employment for Cause, you resign your employment with the Company without Good Reason, or your employment terminates due to your death or Disability or under any other circumstances not involving an Involuntary 
 6. 

Termination, you shall only be entitled to the Accrued Amounts. You will not be eligible for, or entitled to any severance benefits, including (without limitation) the Severance Benefits in Section 9.1 and Change in Control Severance Benefits in Section 9.2 . 
 9.4 Conditions to Receiving Severance Benefits and Change in Control Severance Benefits. Your receipt of the Severance Benefits in Section 9.1 and the Change in Control Severance Benefits in Section 9.2 of this Agreement will be conditioned upon and subject in all cases to 
 (a) You executing, delivering to the Company and allowing to become effective, a waiver and release of claims in a form provided by the Company, which may be included by the Company in a separate separation agreement (the Release ), within the applicable deadline set forth therein following your Involuntary Termination, and permitting the Release to become effective in accordance with its terms, which effective date of the Release may not be later than sixty (60) days following the date of your Involuntary Termination (such sixty (60) day deadline, the Release Deadline 
 (b) Your compliance with your continuing obligations to the Company under this Agreement and the PIIA and 
 (c) Your resignation from all offices, directorships and trusteeships then held by you at the Company or any affiliate of the Company, with such resignation to be effective upon your date of Involuntary Termination, unless otherwise requested by the Company. 
 10. Definitions. The terms used in this Agreement shall have the following meanings 
 10.1 Accrued Amounts means your Base Salary that is earned but unpaid as of your employment termination date, any unreimbursed business expenses payable to you and any accrued but unused personal time off or vacation benefits and any other payments or benefits otherwise earned and payable to you or otherwise as required by law to be paid or provided through your employment termination date. 
 10.2 Cause shall mean, for purposes of this Agreement, your (i) material breach of your obligations under this Agreement, the PIIA, or any code of ethics or business conduct policy adopted by the Company from time to time, or of any other material contract with the Company or statutory duty owed to the Company (ii) refusal to conscientiously and diligently carry out your functions and or duties after you have received a written demand of performance from the Company which specifically set forth the factual basis for the Company s belief that you have not substantially performed your functions and have failed to cure such non-performance to the Company s satisfaction within ten (10) business days after receiving such notice (iii) commission of any act that is reasonably likely to lead to a conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere to, a felony or any crime involving fraud, embezzlement or any other act of moral turpitude under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction applicable to you or (iv) commission or attempted commission of, or participation (whether by affirmative act or omission) in, a fraud against the Company. 
 7. 

10.3 Change in Control has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Plan. 
 10.4 Change in Control Period means the period commencing three (3) months prior to a Change in Control and ending twenty four (24) months following a Change in Control. 
 10.5 Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as it has been and may be amended from time to time) and any regulations and guidance that has been promulgated or may be promulgated from time to time thereunder and any state law of similar effect. 
 10.6 Disability shall mean that you are unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or that has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months as provided in Sections 22(e)(3) and 409A(a)(2)(c)(i) of the Code (as it has been and may be amended from time to time) and any regulations and guidance that has been promulgated or may be promulgated from time to time thereunder and any state law of similar effect, and will be determined by the Board on the basis of such medical evidence as the Board deems warranted under the circumstances. The Company shall act upon this provision in compliance with the federal Family and Medical Leave Act (if applicable to the Company), the Americans with Disabilities Act (as amended), and applicable state and local laws. 
 10.7 Good Reason for you to resign your employment with the Company means the occurrence of any of the following events without your express written consent provided , however , that any such resignation by you due to any of the following conditions shall only be deemed for Good Reason if (1) you give the Company written notice of the intent to terminate for Good Reason within sixty (60) days following the first occurrence of the particular condition or conditions that you believe constitutes Good Reason, which notice shall describe such condition(s) provided , however , that failure to provide such notice shall not operate as a waiver of your right to resign employment for Good Reason based on the occurrence of a different condition or subsequent occurrence of the same condition (2) the Company fails to remedy such condition(s) within thirty (30) days following receipt of the written notice (the Cure Period of such condition(s) from you and (3) you actually resign employment from all positions you then hold with the Company within the first thirty (30) days after expiration of the Cure Period 
 (a) a material reduction in your authority, duties, reporting relationships, status or responsibilities 
 (b) a material reduction of your then current Base Salary and or target Annual Bonus, and regardless of whether implemented in a single reduction or a series of reductions, which the parties agree is a reduction of at least five percent (5 of your Base Salary or target Annual Bonus notwithstanding the foregoing, such a material reduction of your Base Salary or target Annual Bonus shall not constitute Good Reason if such material reduction was made under a compensation reduction program that commenced at least three (3) months prior to a 
 8. 

Change in Control and is applicable generally to the Company s similarly situated leadership team members 
 (c) any relocation of your principal place of employment to a place that increases your one-way commute by more than thirty-five (35) miles, provided , however , that required travel for Company business shall not constitute Good Reason or 
 (d) the Company s material breach of this Agreement or any other material contract between you and the Company. 
 10.8 Involuntary Termination means a termination of your employment with the Company pursuant to either (i) a termination initiated by the Company without Cause, or (ii) your resignation for Good Reason or (iii) due to Redundancy which shall mean the elimination by the Board of your role or position in the Company, and provided in any case (i), (ii) or (iii) such termination constitutes a Separation from Service. An Involuntary Termination does not include any other termination of your employment, including a termination due to your death or disability. 
 10.9 Plan shall mean the Company s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time, and any successor plan thereto. 
 10.10 Separation from Service means a separation from service , as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h). 
 11. Section 409A. It is intended that all of the severance benefits and other payments payable under this Agreement satisfy, to the greatest extent possible, the exemptions from the application of Code Section 409A provided under Treasury Regulations Sections 1.409A-1(b)(4), 1.409A-1(b)(5) and 1.409A-1(b)(9), and this Agreement will be construed to the greatest extent possible as consistent with those provisions, and to the extent not so exempt, this Agreement (and any definitions hereunder) will be construed in a manner that complies with Section 409A. For all purposes of Code Section 409A (including, without limitation, for purposes of Treasury Regulations Sections 1.409A-2(b)(2)(i) and (iii)), your right to receive any installment payments under this Agreement (whether severance payments, reimbursements or otherwise) shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate payments and, accordingly, each installment payment hereunder shall at all times be considered a separate and distinct payment. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, if you are deemed by the Company at the time of your Separation from Service to be a specified employee for purposes of Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i), and if any of the payments upon Separation from Service set forth herein and or under any other agreement with the Company are deemed to be deferred compensation, then to the extent delayed commencement of any portion of such payments is required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution under Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) and the related adverse taxation under Section 409A, such payments shall not be provided to you prior to the earliest of (i) the first date following expiration of the six-month period following the date of your Separation from Service with the Company, (ii) the date of 
 9. 

your death or (iii) such earlier date as permitted under Section 409A without the imposition of adverse taxation. Upon the first business day following the expiration of such applicable Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) period, all payments deferred pursuant to this Paragraph shall be paid in a lump sum to you, and any remaining payments due shall be paid as otherwise provided herein or in the applicable agreement. No interest shall be due on any amounts so deferred. If the severance benefits are not covered by one or more exemptions from the application of Section 409A and the Release Deadline occurs in the calendar year following the calendar year of your Separation from Service, the Release will not be deemed effective any earlier than the Release Deadline for purposes of determining the timing of provision of any severance benefits. 
 12. Section 280G. 
 If any payment or benefit you will or may receive from the Company or otherwise (a 280G Payment would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and (ii) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), then any such 280G Payment pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise (a Payment shall be equal to the Reduced Amount. The Reduced Amount shall be either (x) the largest portion of the Payment that would result in no portion of the Payment (after reduction) being subject to the Excise Tax or (y) the largest portion, up to and including the total, of the Payment, whichever amount (i.e., the amount determined by clause (x) or by clause (y)), after taking into account all applicable federal, state and local employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax (all computed at the highest applicable marginal rate), results in your receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater economic benefit notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax. If a reduction in a Payment is required pursuant to the preceding sentence and the Reduced Amount is determined pursuant to clause (x) of the preceding sentence, the reduction shall occur in the manner (the Reduction Method that results in the greatest economic benefit for you. If more than one method of reduction will result in the same economic benefit, the items so reduced will be reduced pro rata (the Pro Rata Reduction Method ). 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Reduction Method or the Pro Rata Reduction Method would result in any portion of the Payment being subject to taxes pursuant to Section 409A that would not otherwise be subject to taxes pursuant to Section 409A, then the Reduction Method and or the Pro Rata Reduction Method, as the case may be, shall be modified so as to avoid the imposition of taxes pursuant to Section 409A as follows (A) as a first priority, the modification shall preserve to the greatest extent possible, the greatest economic benefit for you as determined on an after-tax basis (B) as a second priority, Payments that are contingent on future events (e.g., being terminated without Cause), shall be reduced (or eliminated) before Payments that are not contingent on future events and (C) as a third priority, Payments that are deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A shall be reduced (or eliminated) before Payments that are not deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A. 
 
 10. 

Unless you and the Company agree on an alternative accounting firm, the accounting firm engaged by the Company for general tax compliance purposes as of the day prior to the effective date of the change in control transaction triggering the Payment shall perform the foregoing calculations. If the accounting firm so engaged by the Company is serving as accountant or auditor for the individual, entity or group effecting the change in control transaction, the Company shall appoint a nationally recognized accounting firm to make the determinations required hereunder. The Company shall bear all expenses with respect to the determinations by such accounting firm required to be made hereunder. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the accounting firm engaged to make the determinations hereunder to provide its calculations, together with detailed supporting documentation, to you and the Company within fifteen (15) calendar days after the date on which your right to a 280G Payment becomes reasonably likely to occur (if requested at that time by you or the Company) or such other reasonable time as requested by you or the Company. 
 
 If you receive a Payment for which the Reduced Amount was determined pursuant to clause (x) of the first paragraph of this Section and the Internal Revenue Service determines thereafter that some portion of the Payment is subject to the Excise Tax, you shall promptly return to the Company a sufficient amount of the Payment (after reduction pursuant to clause (x) of the first paragraph of this Section so that no portion of the remaining Payment is subject to the Excise Tax). For the avoidance of doubt, if the Reduced Amount was determined pursuant to clause (y) in the first paragraph of this Section, you shall have no obligation to return any portion of the Payment pursuant to the preceding sentence. 
 
 13. Arbitration of All Disputes. 
 13.1 Agreement to Arbitrate. To ensure the timely and economical resolution of disputes that may arise between you and the Company, both you and the Company mutually agree that pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 1-16 (the FAA ), and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you and the Company will submit solely to final, binding and confidential arbitration any and all disputes, claims, or causes of action arising from or relating to (i) the negotiation, execution, interpretation, performance, breach or enforcement of this Agreement or (ii) your employment with the Company (including but not limited to all statutory claims) or (iii) the termination of your employment with the Company (including but not limited to all statutory claims). BY AGREEING TO THIS ARBITRATION PROCEDURE, BOTH YOU AND THE COMPANY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO RESOLVE ANY SUCH DISPUTES THROUGH A TRIAL BY JURY OR JUDGE OR THROUGH AN ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDING. 
 13.2 Arbitrator Authority. The arbitrator shall have the sole and exclusive authority to determine whether a dispute, claim or cause of action is subject to arbitration under this 
 11. 

Section and to determine any procedural questions which grow out of such disputes, claims or causes of action and bear on their final disposition. 
 13.3 Individual Capacity Only. All claims, disputes, or causes of action under this Section, whether by you or the Company, must be brought solely in an individual capacity, and shall not be brought as a plaintiff (or claimant) or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding, nor joined or consolidated with the claims of any other person or entity. The arbitrator may not consolidate the claims of more than one person or entity, and may not preside over any form of representative or class proceeding. To the extent that the preceding sentences in this Section are found to violate applicable law or are otherwise found unenforceable, any claim(s) alleged or brought on behalf of a class shall proceed in a court of law rather than by arbitration. 
 13.4 Arbitration Process. Any arbitration proceeding under this Section shall be presided over by a single arbitrator and conducted by JAMS, Inc. JAMS in San Diego, California, or as otherwise agreed to by you and the Company, under the then applicable JAMS rules for the resolution of employment disputes (available upon request and also currently available at http www.jamsadr.com rules-employment-arbitration ). You and the Company both have the right to be represented by legal counsel at any arbitration proceeding, at each party s own expense. The arbitrator shall (i) have the authority to compel adequate discovery for the resolution of the dispute (ii) issue a written arbitration decision, to include the arbitrator s essential findings and conclusions and a statement of the award and (iii) be authorized to award any or all remedies that you or the Company would be entitled to seek in a court of law. The Company shall pay all JAMS arbitration fees in excess of the amount of court fees that would be required of you if the dispute were decided in a court of law. 
 13.5 Excluded Claims. This Section shall not apply to any action or claim that cannot be subject to mandatory arbitration as a matter of law, including, without limitation, sexual assault disputes and sexual harassment disputes as defined in the FAA, claims brought pursuant to the California Private Attorneys General Act of 2004, as amended, the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, as amended, and the California Labor Code, as amended, to the extent such claims are not permitted by applicable law to be submitted to mandatory arbitration and such applicable law is not preempted by the FAA or otherwise invalid (collectively, the Excluded Claims ). In the event you intend to bring multiple claims, including one of the Excluded Claims listed above, the Excluded Claims may be filed with a court, while any other claims will remain subject to mandatory arbitration. 
 13.6 Injunctive Relief and Final Orders. Nothing in this Section is intended to prevent either you or the Company from obtaining injunctive relief in court to prevent irreparable harm pending the conclusion of any such arbitration. Any final award in any arbitration proceeding hereunder may be entered as a judgment in the federal and state courts of any competent jurisdiction and enforced accordingly. 
 12. 

14. Indemnification and D&O Coverage. To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, you shall be entitled to indemnification (including immediate advancement of all legal fees with respect to any claim for indemnification) and director and officers insurance coverage, to the extent made available to other directors and senior executives, in accordance with the certificate of incorporation and the bylaws and all other applicable policies and procedures of Company for expenses incurred or damages paid or payable by you with respect to a claim against you based on actions or inactions by you in your capacity as a senior executive or director of Company. In addition, you will be covered by the Company s indemnification coverage on terms no less favorable to you than the indemnification plans applicable to other executive officers and directors of the Company. 
 15. General Provisions. This Agreement, together with the PIIA constitutes the entire agreement between you and the Company with regard to this subject matter and is the complete, final, and exclusive embodiment of the parties agreement with regard to this subject matter. This Agreement is entered into without reliance on any promise or representation, written or oral, other than those expressly contained herein, and it supersedes any other such promises, warranties or representations. Modifications or amendments to this Agreement, other than those changes expressly reserved to the Company s discretion in this letter, must be made in a written agreement signed by you and the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or any other jurisdiction, but this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction to the extent possible in keeping with the intent of the parties. Any waiver of any breach of any provisions of this Agreement must be in writing to be effective, and it shall not thereby be deemed to have waived any preceding or succeeding breach of the same or any other provision of this Agreement. This Agreement is intended to bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by you and the Company, and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors and administrators. The Company may freely assign this Agreement, without your prior written consent. You may not assign any of your duties hereunder and you may not assign any of your rights hereunder without the written consent of the Company. This Agreement shall become effective as of the Start Date and shall terminate upon your termination of employment with the Company. The obligations as forth under Section 7 (Proprietary Information Obligations), Section 9 (Termination Severance Benefits), Section 11 (Section 409A), Section 12 (Section 280G), Section 13 (Arbitration of All Disputes) Section 14 (Indemnification and D&O Coverage) and Section 15 (General Provisions) will survive the termination of this Agreement. All questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California. 
 This offer is conditioned on, and subject to, satisfactory proof of your identity and right to work in the United States, and your satisfactory completion of a background check and other applicable pre-employment screenings. 
 13. 

Signature page to follow 

14. 

We look forward to having you join us. If you have any questions about this Agreement, please do not hesitate to call me. 
 If you accept employment with the Company on the terms above, please sign below and sign and complete the PIIA and return all documents by August 23, 2022. Our offer will terminate after such date. 
 
 Best regards, 
 Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. 
 s DAVID MEEK 
 ______________________________ 
 David Meek 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Accepted and agreed 
 s ALAN SANDLER 
 ______________________________ 
 Alan Sandler 
 
 8 24 2022 
 Date _________________________ 

15. 

</EX-10.33>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 mrtx-20221231xex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Subsidiary Country of Origin MethylGene Inc. Canada Mirati Therapeutics B.V. Netherlands Mirati Therapeutics (Suisse) GmbH Switzerland 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 mrtx-20221231xex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-257636) of Mirati Therapeutics, Inc., 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-265112) pertaining to the Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-218239) pertaining to the Amended and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Plan of Mirati Therapeutics, Inc., 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 Nos. 333-196487, 333-204720, 333-233027, and 333-257641) pertaining to the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan of Mirati Therapeutics, Inc., 
 (5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-189965) pertaining to the Amended and Restated Incentive Stock Option Plan, 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, and 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Mirati Therapeutics, Inc., and 
 (6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 Nos. 333-235765 and 333-266178) pertaining to the Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. Inducement Plan 
 
 of our reports dated February 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 San Diego, California 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 mrtx-20221231xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, David D. Meek, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting, and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 28, 2023 s David D. Meek David D. Meek Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 mrtx-20221231xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Laurie D. Stelzer, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting, and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 28, 2023 s Laurie D. Stelzer Laurie D. Stelzer Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 mrtx-20221231xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David D. Meek, the Chief Executive Officer, and I, Laurie D. Stelzer, the Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated February 28, 2023 
 
 s David D. Meek s Laurie D. Stelzer David D. Meek Laurie D. Stelzer Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 mrtx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 mrtx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 mrtx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 mrtx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 mrtx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

