<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_716634_0000716634-23-000004.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>36148895</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>342891</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2868871</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>20656072</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3779741</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7830675</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000716634-23-000004.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331172713
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000716634-23-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		163
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			READING INTERNATIONAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000716634
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MOTION PICTURE THEATERS [7830]
		IRS NUMBER:				953885184
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08625
		FILM NUMBER:		23789338

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5995 SEPULVEDA BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			CULVER CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90230
		BUSINESS PHONE:		213 235 2240

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5995 SEPULVEDA BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			CULVER CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90230

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CITADEL HOLDING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19941216

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000716634-23-000004.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 rdi-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

rdi-20221231x10k 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _______ to ______ Commission File No. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) , (Address of principal executive offices) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including Area Code: Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Yes Indicate by check mark whether registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for shorter period than the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act . Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the registrant s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates based on the closing price on that date as reported by the Nasdaq Stock Market was . As of March 30, 2023, there were shares of class A non-voting common stock, par value 0.01 per share and shares of class B voting common stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding. 

READING INTERNATIONAL, INC. ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 INDEX Page PART I 3 Item 1 Our Business 3 Item 1A Risk Factors 23 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 31 Item 2 Properties 32 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 34 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 34 PART II 34 Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 34 Item 6 Selected Financial Data 36 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 36 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 53 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 55 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 56 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Consolidated Financial Statements) 57 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 58 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Years Ended December 31, 2022 59 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three Years Ended December 31, 2022 60 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Three Years Ended December 31, 2022 61 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Years Ended December 31, 2022 62 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 64 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 103 Item 9 Change in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 104 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 104 PART III 105 PART IV 106 Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 106 SIGNATURES 111 

- 2 - 

The information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 2022 Form 10-K or 2022 Annual Report contains certain forward-looking statements, including statements related to trends in the Company s business. The Company s actual results may differ materially from the results discussed in the Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements . Factors that might cause such a difference include those discussed in Item 1 Our Business, Item 1A Risk Factors, and Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations as well as those discussed elsewhere in this 2022 Form 10-K. 
 PAR T I Item 1 Our Bu siness GENERAL Reading International, Inc. RDI and collectively with our consolidated subsidiaries and corporate predecessors, our Company, Reading, we, us, or our was incorporated in 1999 incident to our reincorporation in the State of Nevada. Our class A non-voting common stock Class A Stock and class B voting common stock Class B Stock are listed for trading on the NASDAQ Capital Market (Nasdaq-CM) under the symbols RDI and RDIB, respectively. Our Corporate Headquarters is at 189 Second Avenue, Suite 2S, New York, New York, 10003. Our corporate website address is www.ReadingRDI.com . We provide, free of charge on our website, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we have electronically filed such material with, or furnished it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ( www.sec.gov ). The contents of our Company website are not incorporated into this report. Our corporate governance charters for our Audit and Conflicts Committee and Compensation and Stock Options Committee are available on our website. BUSINESS DESCRIPTION Synergistic Diversification and Branding We are an internationally diversified company focused on the development, ownership and operation of entertainment and real property assets in three jurisdictions: (i) United States U.S. ), (ii) Australia, and (iii) New Zealand. We group our businesses in two operating segments, which are owned and operated through various operating subsidiaries: Theatrical Motion Picture Exhibition Cinema Exhibition ), through our 62 cinemas. Real Estate , including real estate development and the rental or licensing of retail, commercial and live theatre assets comprised, as of the date of this 2022 Annual Report, of approximately 9,926,000 square feet of land and approximately 728,000 square feet of net rentable area. COVID-19 Impact and Company Response COVID-19 Impact on our Cinema Business The COVID-19 pandemic materially impacted not only the global economy, but the global cinema industry, including our Company. Our cinema segment, along with our live theaters, suffered a material adverse impact in 2020, 2021 and into 2022. In March 2020, as a result of the pandemic, all of our cinemas and live theatres in the United States, Australia, and New Zealand were forced to temporarily close by government mandate, ultimately causing an immediate halt to our cinema revenues and income. To address this liquidity challenge in 2020 and 2021, we monetized five non-core assets to create short term liquidity for our Company, we implemented various cash preservation strategies, including, but not limited to, laying off our hourly U.S. cinema and live theatre staff, postponing non-essential operating and capital expenditures, negotiating rent abatements/deferrals with third-party cinema landlords and other major suppliers. We also worked with our lenders to modify our financing arrangements to accommodate the economic condition of the business resulting from the pandemic. In 2021, a majority of our cinemas reopened (some with occupancy restrictions in place), but admissions continued to be down from pre-pandemic levels due to a weaker slate of movies from the major studios and distributors. As a result of both production backlogs and concerns about movie-goers desire to attend public events through the pandemic, major studios and distributors moved certain movies (i) to later release dates or (ii) directly to streaming, home video or premium video on demand PVOD platforms and thereby passing the exclusive theatrical release window. Further impacting our overall profitability was the impact the pandemic had on our cinema business operating expenses. Supply chain issues and the marked increase in inflation through this period resulted in higher operating expenses. Our venues also faced labor challenges, including hiring and retaining staff, in addition to mandated increasing wage rates. 

 - 3 - 

As of the date of this 2022 Annual Report, all our cinemas are open other than our Courtenay Central in Wellington, New Zealand which is unlikely to reopen until the redevelopment of the property is completed. Despite being open for business and Hollywood s COVID induced production backlog, 2022 resulted in significantly fewer wide releases than pre-COVID periods. Additionally, the 2022 box office was impacted by the direct or simultaneous release of movies to ancillary platforms rather than an exclusive theatrical run basis. A more robust slate of major movie releases is expected during 2023, which has generated optimism that box office revenues will continue to improve compared to the pandemic periods (2020-2022). Based on today s 2023 movie release schedule, the number of titles available for theatrical release, and the anticipated appeal of many of those titles to a variety of audiences, should support increased attendance and box office grosses for 2023. Total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 were 77.9 million, 139.1 million, and 203.1 million, respectively, compared to 276.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2019, the last pre-pandemic year. Finally, we believe that the major studios have reinforced a commitment to an exclusive theatrical window, as opposed to releasing their content either direct to or simultaneously with streaming, home video or PVOD platforms. As a result of fallout from the pandemic, a number of U.S. exhibitors have filed for bankruptcy and/or have begun to shed underperforming cinemas. During 2022, we terminated our lease and permanently closed one U.S. cinema and have advised two additional U.S. landlords of our intention to end our leases and close those U.S. cinemas. Over the course of the pandemic, we have been able to negotiate certain lease concessions from some of our landlords. However, many of those concessions have been in the form of rent deferrals, and we are, in a number of situations, now carrying the added burden of paying down those deferrals, which puts additional stress on our cinema cash flows. As of the date of this 2022 Annual Report, our existing rent deferral obligation is 9.4 million. The COVID-19 pandemic has had a greater impact on us than some other U.S. based exhibitors. The U.S. Congress determined that, as a public company (despite our micro-cap status), we should be excluded from participation in various federal pandemic relief programs such as the Shuttered Venue Operator Grant Program and Payroll Protection Programs. Our liquidity position and recovery from the unprecedented impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic would have been significantly improved if we had been eligible for such U.S. federal pandemic relief. This has put us at a competitive disadvantage to private operators who were able to access such funding. COVID-19 Impact on our Real Estate Business Our real estate business has been less impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. As of the date of this 2022 Annual Report, virtually all of our third-party tenants in Australia are operating and paying full rent. While New York City live theatre audiences have not returned to pre-pandemic levels, our two live theatres are both currently licensed. Following government mandated closures effective in March 2020, STOMP reopened at our Orpheum Theater in New York on July 20, 2021. However, STOMP closed on January 8, 2023 after an historic nearly 30 year run. We have entered into license agreement for a new production The Empire Strips Back which is scheduled to open at the Orpheum in April 2023. Audible, an Amazon company, continues to license our Minetta Lane Theatre in New York, and, following almost 18 months of government mandated closure resumed public performances on October 8, 2021. With regard to our architectural award winning 44 Union Square redevelopment project in New York City, while the COVID-19 pandemic and the current work from home focus of many employees severely constrained leasing activity in New York City, in January 2022 we did secure a long-term lease for the cellar, ground floor, and second floor of the building with an affiliate of Petco Health and Wellness Company, Inc. (NASDAQ: WOOF), a leading pet health and wellness company Petco ). Though our real estate team continues to work to secure one or more tenants for the remaining space at 44 Union Square, we believe that the pandemic s impact on the office leasing market in New York City and the slower pace of the return to office effort in New York City have impacted and will continue to impact our efforts to locate an office tenant for the space at 44 Union Square. We have mortgage financing in place for this project to cover leasing and tenant improvement costs of such space. With respect to our office building in Culver City, we began receiving rental income from a new tenant in October 2020. In general, the loss of cinema cash flow due to the COVID-19 pandemic has caused us to scale back our real estate development activities during the 2020-2022 period. Management s Responses to the Challenges of COVID-19 To date, we have taken a number of significant steps to preserve our liquidity, and we will continue to evaluate our operations as the world more fully recovers from the pandemic in 2023. We have modified our business strategy in order to shore up our long-term viability in a way that would not have a dilutive impact on our stockholders, overleverage our Company, or require that we fire sale assets. In response to lower cash inflows from our cinema businesses, we reviewed our real estate portfolio to identify assets that had not been adversely impacted by the pandemic and which would require material capital investment to generate any material increase in value. These asset monetizations are detailed at Note 5 - Real Estate Transactions to the financial statements. In arriving at the determination to rely upon the monetization of certain non-core real estate assets to bridge this gap in cinema cashflow (which in 2021 

 - 4 - 

produced net proceeds to our Company of 139.4 million), we considered a variety of alternatives, including the issuance of additional common stock and the issuance of high interest rate junk debt. We determined that it would be in the best interests of our Company and our stockholders to avoid dilutive equity issuances and to avoid high interest rate debt. We have used the proceeds from the sale of these properties to pay down debt, to cover operating expenses, to fund limited capital improvements, and to strengthen our liquidity. At December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents totaling 29.9 million, compared to 83.3 million at December 31, 2021. During 2022, we have reduced our net bank debt from 236.9 million as of December 31, 2021, to 215.6 million as of December 31, 2022. As we continue to navigate the post-pandemic period and the challenging macro-economic environment marked by higher interest rates and costs of operations, we will continue to assess and reassess our real estate holdings as a funding resource. We continue to analyze and reanalyze each of our properties as a possible source of cash to fund operations and/or pay debt. In this process, we remain focused on identifying non-core assets unlikely to enjoy material value increases without substantial capital investment that can be monetized in a reasonable manner without material adverse tax consequences. In addition to the monetization of certain non-core real estate assets, we implemented a number of measures to reduce our day-to-day cost of operations while improving the safety of our cinemas in the light of the COVID-19 pandemic. These measures have included, but are not limited to, terminating U.S. cinema and live theater staff for the period of cinema closures, reducing our utilities and essential operating expenditures to the minimum levels necessary, terminating or deferring non-essential capital expenditure, and reducing corporate-level employment costs. We have enhanced our cleaning protocols and installed partitions and air filtration systems to improve the safety aspects of our cinemas and upgraded our mobile platforms to increase social distancing. Furthermore, we were able to keep our Australia and New Zealand cinema level staff due to government assistance provided in those countries. We were able to maintain most of our cinema assets and keep our key personnel in place as we reopened our cinemas. Generally speaking, our lenders and landlords continue to work with us. While we have closed or anticipate that we will close certain non-performing U.S. cinemas, and while we are in discussions with various landlords as to modifications in our occupancy arrangements, to date no landlord has terminated our right to occupy any of our cinemas. We have a variety of landlords, and these discussions are being progressed on a location-by-location basis. Further, we believe that our relationships with our film suppliers continue to be strong. While COVID-19 impacts seem to be on the decline globally, we continue to experience residual impacts that we anticipate will be passing in the long-term, and we believe that we will ultimately return to results that resemble those of the pre-pandemic era in the future. However, no assurance can be given that we will achieve these results and, unfortunately, there is still a risk of future global outbreaks of COVID-19 or other diseases. In addition, we may be adversely impacted by long-term social trends and movie release patterns, which are placing greater emphasis on streaming in periods prior to the COVID-19 pandemic. In short, we have thus far preserved our core business and, while we have monetized on favorable terms certain real estate assets earlier than we had intended and may be called upon to further cull our portfolio, we still hold quality real estate assets in which to invest our time and resources. 

 - 5 - 

OUR COMMERCIAL BRANDS Set forth below is a brief description of the various brands under which we organize our business operations: 

 - 6 - 

Business Segment / Unit Our Commercial Brands Country Description Website Link Cinema Exhibition / All Countries United States Australia New Zealand Our Reading Cinemas tradename is derived from our over 185-year history as the Reading Railroad featured on the Monopoly game board. Under this brand, we deliver beyond-the-home entertainment (principally mainstream movies and alternative content and food and beverage) across our three operating jurisdictions. All our cinemas are equipped with the latest, state-of-the-art digital screens, 33 Reading Cinemas feature at least one TITAN LUXE, TITAN XC or IMAX premium auditorium, and 187 of our Reading Cinemas screens feature luxury recliner seating as of December 31, 2022. Reading Cinemas US Reading Cinemas AU Reading Cinemas NZ United States In 2022, our Consolidated Theatres celebrated 105 years of providing cinematic entertainment in the state of Hawaii. We are the oldest and largest circuit in Hawaii with eight cinemas on the islands of Oahu and Maui. In 2019, we completed the Top-To-Bottom renovation of our Consolidated Theatre in Mililani on Oahu, now featuring 14-screens with recliner seating and a TITAN LUXE screen, a full F B upgrade, including the sale of beer, wine spirits, and a lobby re-design. Our Consolidated Theatre at the Kahala Mall underwent a Top-to-Bottom renovation and reopened on November 5, 2021, with recliner seating throughout along with a state-of-the-art kitchen and an elevated F B menu. Our Consolidated Theatre at Kapolei commenced renovation during the second quarter of 2021 and reopened March 3, 2022, with recliner seating in half of the auditoriums and an elevated F B menu. Consolidated Theatres United States Australia Several of our cinemas are arthouses or specialty theaters operating under our Angelika brand. These cinemas feature specialty films, such as independent films, international films, and documentaries. Since its opening in 1989, our New York City Angelika Film Center has been and consistently continues to be one of the most popular and influential arthouse cinemas in the U.S., featuring principally independent and foreign films. To date, we have expanded our Angelika Film Center Group to include nine other Angelika Film Centers: two in Dallas, TX, two in the Washington DC area, three in New York, NY, one in Sacramento, CA and one in San Diego, CA. Each of our Angelika Film Centers also offers a curated food and beverage experience. In early 2021, we announced that our Cinemas 1,2,3, Village East and Tower Theatre cinemas would be operated as Angelika brand cinemas: (i) the Cinemas 1,2,3 by Angelika, (ii) the Village East by Angelika and (iii) the Tower Theatre by Angelika. In December 2019, we acquired the iconic 100-year-old State Cinema in Hobart, Tasmania, Australia, which has been ranked the fifth highest grossing arthouse in Australia for the last decade. The cinema, which features 10 screens, a rooftop cinema and bar, a large caf and an independent bookstore, is and has been a major cultural destination in North Hobart for decades. In early 2021, the cinema was also rebranded as State Cinema by Angelika. The State Cinema Bar which serves a range of wines and spirits was rebranded the Angelika Bar in 2020. We continue to look to expand our specialty theater portfolio by looking for more specialty theater sites in the U.S., Australia, and New Zealand. We anticipate opening later this year in Brisbane our first Angelika Film Centre in Australia. Angelika Film Center State Cinema 

- 7 - 

Business Segment / Unit Our Commercial Brands Country Description Website Link United States Australia Launched in December 2020, Angelika Anywhere , is an art focused streaming platform available in the U.S. and more recently, in Australia. We created Angelika Anywhere to allow us to expand the reach of our Angelika based cinema experience beyond the four walls of a conventional brick-and-mortar cinema. Our goal is to offer cinephiles easy and curated access to the type of product that has made our Angelika Film Center in NYC the most recognized, dedicated arthouse in North America. Angelika Anywhere Real Estate / Leasing United States Historically known as Tammany Hall, this approximately 70,000 square foot building overlooking Manhattan s Union Square , has now signed its first tenant Petco Animal Supplies Stores. Inc Petco who will occupy most of the ground floor, the cellar and the second floor. Hailed as a dramatic pi ce de r sistance with its first in the city, over 800-piece, glass dome, this building brings the future to New York s fabled past. In 2022, the building was selected for the following awards: (i) 2022 The American Architecture Award for Restoration and Renovation; (ii) 2022 ACEC NY Engineering Excellence Award; and (iii) 2022 Building/Technology Systems Diamond Award. 44 Union Square is one of a very limited number of locations in Manhattan that will provide major office tenant(s) with a brandable site, and the only such location on Union Square. This location now has an active lease with Petco leasing 42 of the leasable area, including the lower level, ground floor and second floor. 44 Union Square Australia Located on 203,000 square feet of land in suburban Brisbane, Newmarket Village is currently comprised of approximately 143,828 square feet of net rentable area, including a Coles Supermarket and 47 other third-party tenants, offering community level F B, retail, and professional services. At the end of 2017, we completed a major expansion that added a new eight-screen Reading Cinemas with TITAN LUXE, an additional 10,000 square feet of restaurant tenant space and 124 parking spaces. Adjacent to our Newmarket Village, we own a three-level, 22,000 square foot office building. Taken together with the retail components, the center is 98 leased as of December 31, 2022. Newmarket Village Australia Anchored by our six-screen Reading Cinemas, and 13 other third party tenants offering F B or other retail offers, Cannon Park is located in Townsville, Australia, and is currently comprised of 408,000 square feet of land and 133,032 square feet of net rentable area. As of December 31, 2022, this property was 92 leased. Cannon Park Townsville Australia Anchored by our 10-screen Reading Cinemas and six F B or third-party tenants, The Belmont Common is located in Perth, Australia, and is currently comprised of 103,000 square feet of land and 60,118 square feet of net rentable area. As of December 31, 2022, this property was 100 leased. The Belmont Common 

- 8 - 

Business Segment / Unit Our Commercial Brands Country Description Website Link New Zealand Located in the heart of Wellington New Zealand s capital city this center is comprised, on a consolidated basis through various subsidiaries, of 161,000 square feet of land, including two parking lot parcels totaling 84,184 square feet. Courtenay Central is situated proximate to the Te Papa Tongarewa Museum (attracting over 1.5 million visitors annually, pre-COVID), across the street from the site of the new convention center being constructed to handle the demand for such space in Wellington (estimated to open its doors in 2023) and at a major public transit hub. Damage from the 2016 earthquake necessitated demolition of our nine-story parking garage at the site. In January 2019, unrelated seismic issues caused us to close major portions of the existing cinema and retail structure while we move forward with plans to redevelop the center as an entertainment themed urban center with major food beverage components. Wellington continues to be rated as one of the top cities in the world in which to live, and we continue to believe that our assets in Wellington are located in one of the most vibrant areas of New Zealand. Courtenay Central Live Theatre United States We operate two off-Broadway live theatres in Manhattan under the Liberty Theatres tradename. In 2018, we entered a license with Audible, a subsidiary of Amazon, pursuant to which our Minetta Lane Theatre serves as Audible s live theatre home in New York City, which now runs through March 15, 2024. The long running show STOMP has ended its 30-year run at our Orpheum Theatre, and we have entered into a license agreement for a new show, The Empire Strips Back , scheduled to open in April 2023. Liberty Theatres 
 Our business plan is to coordinate cinema-based entertainment and real estate to create a powerful and mutually beneficial partnership. Our historically strong and consistent cash flows from our cinemas have, prior to the pandemic, enabled us to be strategic and proactive in acquiring and holding long-term real estate assets, including non-income producing land, and to fuel our real estate development endeavors. However, uncertainty as to current U.S. cinema cash flows has required that we constrain our activities on both the cinema side and the real estate side of or business. Our real estate portfolio has historically provided us with a solid foundation and helped us weather the COVID caused storm. It has also, over the years, given us financial leverage providing us with a collateral base to support comparatively long term and stable real estate based borrowing. This dynamic combination of cinema and real estate has historically offered a host of advantages that we believe will continue to pay dividends as the longer term pandemic consequences abate. More specifically, the combination of these two segments can provide a variety of business advantages including the following: Diversification of our Risk Profile and Enhanced Flexibility in meeting our Cash Needs . We believe that a solid real estate base provides flexibility to raise additional liquidity through one, or a combination of mortgage-based borrowing, sale and leaseback transactions and/or sale. Real-estate backed loans typically allow higher leverage of cash flows than operating loans secured by cinema assets, and the underlying assets themselves provide us a more ready source of liquidity through sale than traditional cinema assets. Strategic asset monetization has formed a key part of our COVID-19 response strategy . Reduced Pressure to Deliver Cinema Business Growth; to Grow for Growth s Sake . During pre-pandemic periods, our competitors bid up the price of independent circuits and cinema leases in order to grow their market share through re-investment of their cinema cash flow and leverage. While we investigated many of these opportunities, we could not justify the prices paid and the rents required. We have in recent periods focused our cash flow on upgrading our existing cinemas and developing our real estate assets, rather than chasing cinema deals. We have adopted a better, not bigger strategy with respect to our U.S. cinema circuit. In 2022, we allocated 6.3 million to upgrade and expand our cinema assets and 2.6 million for non-cinema real estate investments. The COVID-19 pandemic restrained our capital reinvestment. We believe, however, that maintaining a strategic approach to our investments and focusing on our core real estate activities will enable us to weather the challenges posed by the current economic climate and continue to grow our business in the long term. We will continuously monitor market conditions and adjust our investments as needed to ensure financial stability and continued success. It may be, as major exhibitors, such as Regal, walk away from cinema assets that opportunities will present themselves to expand our circuit with minimal capital expenditure and on sustainable lease terms. 

 - 9 - 

Enhanced Control over our own Destiny . As a developer and operator of cinemas, we have enjoyed a unique advantage in creating large-scale retail developments such as our entertainment-themed centers (ETCs). Our cinemas have served as anchor tenants for our projects, historically providing a steady and reliable source of foot traffic and drawing in other businesses to the area. This had allowed us to have more control over the tenant mix and overall development of our ETCs. Additionally, because we are the anchor tenant, we do not have to go through the process of identifying and negotiating with third-party anchor tenants, providing us with a streamlined and efficient development process. We have successfully utilized this approach at our tree currently operating ETCs (and one to be redeveloped) and are excited about the potential for future developments. We are confident that our cinema-anchored developments will continue to be a key driver of our business and create thriving communities. The Certainty of Cinema Anchor Tenancies . Our expertise in the cinema industry gives us a significant advantage in developing large-scale retail spaces such as our ETCs. Our cinemas serve as the anchor tenants, creating a bustling and vibrant atmosphere that draws in other businesses to the area. This allows us to carefully curate the tenant mix and shape the overall development of our ETCs. Furthermore, as anchor tenants ourselves, we can streamline the development process without having to negotiate with third-party tenants. We have successfully implemented this approach at our four existing ETCs and are excited about the potential for future developments. In 2021, we monetized our Auburn ETC, retaining a leasehold interest for our cinema there. A profit of 38.7 million was booked on that transaction. We are currently developing plans and strategies to execute as a redevelopment of our fourth ETC in Wellington, NZ. Our cinema-anchored developments are a key strength of our business, and we are confident in their ability to create thriving and dynamic communities. Flexibility in Property Use . We are always open to the idea of converting an entertainment property to another use, if there is a higher and better use for the property, or to sell individual assets if an attractive opportunity presents itself. Our 44 Union Square property has a long-term lease with Petco for the lower level, ground floor and second floor, which went into effect in the first quarter of 2022. Our hybrid, multi-country strategy emphasizes diversification, and the building of long-term hard asset values. We believe that this business strategy is proving its worth as we have progressed through and are emerging from the current pandemic. As of December 31, 2022 , our principal tangible assets included : interests in 62 cinemas comprising of 505 screens; fee interests in two live theatres (the Orpheum and Minetta Lane both in Manhattan); fee interest in our 44 Union Square property, at which we have leased the lower level, ground floor and second floor to Petco. Petco began paying rent in December 2022, and is now in occupancy of such space on a full rent paying basis. CBRE is currently acting as our exclusive broker for the remainder of the space. fee interest in one cinema (the Cinemas 1,2,3) in Manhattan, in which we own a 75 managing member interest in the holding limited liability company; fee interests in two cinemas in Australia (Bundaberg and Maitland) and three cinemas in New Zealand (Dunedin, Napier and Rotorua); fee interest in our currently operating ETCs in Brisbane (Newmarket Village), Townsville (Cannon Park), and Perth (The Belmont Common) and our ETC currently in the process of redevelopment in Wellington, New Zealand Courtenay Central fee interest in our administrative office buildings in Culver City, California and Melbourne, Australia. Both buildings also feature one other third-party tenant; fee interest in a 23 acre industrial site with rail access in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, leased to Transco; in addition to the fee interests described immediately above, fee ownership of approximately 9.1 million square feet of developed and undeveloped real estate in the United States, Australia, and New Zealand; and cash and cash equivalents, aggregating 29.9 million. We now present an overview of our business segments. 

 - 10 - 

CINEMA EXHIBITION Overall We are dedicated to creating engaging cinema experiences for our guests through hospitality-styled comfort and service, state-of-the-art cinematic presentation, uniquely designed venues, curated film and event programming, and crafted food and beverage options. As discussed previously, we manage our worldwide cinema exhibition business under various brands. Shown in the following table are the number of locations and screens in our theater circuit in each country, by state/territory/region, our cinema brands, and our interest in the underlying asset as of December 31, 2022: State / Territory / Location Screen Interest in Asset Underlying the Cinema Country Region Count Count Leased Owned Operating Brands United States Hawaii 8 88 8 Consolidated Theatres California 7 88 7 Reading Cinemas, Angelika Film Center New York 3 16 2 1 Angelika Film Center Texas 2 13 2 Angelika Film Center New Jersey 1 12 1 Reading Cinemas Virginia 1 8 1 Angelika Film Center Washington DC 1 3 1 Angelika Film Center U.S. Total 23 228 22 1 Australia Victoria 9 62 9 Reading Cinemas New South Wales 6 44 5 1 Reading Cinemas Queensland 6 56 3 3 Reading Cinemas, Event Cinemas (1) Western Australia 2 16 1 1 Reading Cinemas South Australia 2 15 2 Reading Cinemas Tasmania 2 14 2 Reading Cinemas, State Cinema Australia Total 27 207 22 5 New Zealand Wellington 3 18 2 1 Reading Cinemas Otago 3 15 2 1 Reading Cinemas, Rialto Cinemas (2) Auckland 2 15 2 Reading Cinemas, Rialto Cinemas (2) Canterbury 1 8 1 Reading Cinemas Southland 1 5 1 Reading Cinemas Bay of Plenty 1 5 1 Reading Cinemas Hawke s Bay 1 4 1 Reading Cinemas New Zealand Total 12 70 8 4 GRAND TOTAL 62 505 52 10 
 (1) Our Company has a 33.3 unincorporated joint venture interest in a 16-screen cinema located in Mt. Gravatt, Queensland managed by Event Cinemas. (2) Our Company is a 50 joint venture partner in two New Zealand Rialto cinemas totaling 13 screens. We are responsible for the booking of these cinemas and our joint venture partner, Event Cinemas, manages their day-to-day operations. (3) On November 9, 2022, we permanently closed our 10-screen cinema at Ko olau in Hawaii and on Jan 13, 2023, took over an existing 6-screen cinema in Armadale in Australia. Subject to current cash flow constraints, we continue to focus on upgrading our existing cinemas, obtaining liquor licenses, and developing new cinema opportunities to provide our customers with premium offerings, including luxury recliner seating, state-of-the-art presentation including sound, lounges, caf s and bar service, and other amenities. Currently, 187 of our auditoriums feature recliner seating (excluding our joint ventures). In addition, 33 of our auditoriums now feature large format TITAN XC, TITAN LUXE, or IMAX screens. Our circuit has been completely converted to digital projection and sound systems. However, in certain of our cinemas we have, as a point of differentiation, retained the ability to show film in the 70MM format preferred by some directors. Although we operate cinemas in three nations, the general nature of our operations and operating strategies does not vary materially from jurisdiction-to-jurisdiction. In each jurisdiction, our gross receipts are primarily from box office receipts, food and beverage sales, gift card purchases, online ticketing fees, and screen advertising. Our ancillary revenue is created principally from theater rentals (for example, for film festivals and special events), and ancillary programming (such as concerts and sporting events). Our cinemas generated approximately 58 of their 2022 revenue from box office receipts. Ticket prices vary by location, and in selected locations we offer reduced rates for senior citizens, children and, in certain markets, military and students. Showtimes and features are placed in advertisements on our various websites, on internet sites and, in some markets, in limited instances, local newspapers. We are continually increasing our presence in social media, thereby, reducing our dependency on print advertising. Film distributors may also advertise certain feature films in various print, radio and television media, as well as on the internet, and distributors generally pay those costs. F B sales accounted for approximately 34 of our total 2022 cinema revenue. Although certain cinemas have licenses for the sale and on-premises consumption of alcoholic beverages, historically F B products have been primarily popcorn, candy, and soda. This is changing, as more of our theaters are offering expanded food and beverage offerings. One of our strategic focuses is to upgrade our 

 - 11 - 

existing cinemas with expanded F B offerings consistent with what we believe to be the new position of cinemas in the pathway from content provider to consumer. We use SPP as a measure of our performance as compared to the performance of our competitors, as well as a measure of the performance of our food and beverage operations. While ultimately, the profitability of our food and beverage operations depends on a variety of factors, including labor cost and cost of goods sold, we think that this calculation is important to show how well we are doing on a top line basis. Screen advertising and other revenue contribute approximately 8 of our total 2022 cinema revenue. With the exception of certain rights that we have retained to sell screen advertising to local advertisers, generally speaking, we are not in the screen advertising business and nationally recognized screen-advertising companies contract with us for the right to show such advertising on our screens. Management of Cinemas With the exception of our three unconsolidated cinemas, we manage our cinemas with executives located in Los Angeles and Manhattan in the U.S., Melbourne, Australia, and Wellington, New Zealand. Our two New Zealand Rialto cinemas are owned by a joint venture in which Reading New Zealand is a 50 joint venture partner. While we assist in the booking of these two cinemas, our joint venture partner, Event Cinemas, manages their day-to-day operations. Our one-third interest in a 16-screen Brisbane cinema is passive in nature. That cinema is also managed by Event Cinemas. Licensing and Pricing Film product is available from a variety of sources, ranging from the major film distributors, such as Paramount Pictures, Warner Bros, Disney, Sony Pictures, Universal Pictures and Lionsgate, to a variety of smaller independent film distributors. In Australia and New Zealand, some of those major distributors distribute through local unaffiliated distributors. Worldwide, the major film distributors dominate the market for mainstream conventional films. In the U.S., art and specialty film is distributed through the art and specialty divisions of these major distributors, such as Searchlight Pictures and Sony Pictures Classics, and through independent distributors such as A24 and Neon. Film payment terms are generally based on an agreed-upon percentage of box office receipts that will vary from film-to-film. Competition Film is allocated by the applicable distributor among competitive cinemas and in an increasingly material number of situations to streaming services. Accordingly, from time to time, we may be unable to license every film that we desire to play. In the Australian and New Zealand markets, we generally have access to all film products in the market. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have seen a rise in streaming services with greater quantity and quality of films offered. We have also seen certain major distributors skip the traditional theatrical window and go straight to streaming, PVOD or Video on Demand VOD ). Over the last few years, videos have become an essential component of internet usage, with their prevalence increasing across all online platforms as part of digital marketing strategies. Whether it s through social media, websites, emails, or other communication channels, both short and long videos have emerged as the primary mode of connecting with audiences. Moreover, the surge in popularity of video-on-demand platforms such as Netflix, Amazon Prime, and Hulu is evident. From September 8-19, 2022, selected AMC Theatres celebrated Disney+ Day which showcased beloved films from the Disney catalog. Additionally, in October 2022, a Netflix movie had a one-week theatrical sneak preview across 600 AMC, Regal, and Cinemark theaters in the United States, marking the first time all three major theater chains had agreed to screen a big-budget Netflix film. Along with this partnership, the sequel to Knives Out, titled Glass Onion: A Knives Out Mystery, also premiered in select theaters in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Italy, Germany, Spain, Israel, Australia, and New Zealand. Competition for films may be intense, depending upon the number of cinemas in a particular competitive market. Our ability to obtain top grossing, first run feature films may be adversely impacted by our comparatively small size, and the limited number of screens and markets that we can supply to distributors. Moreover, because of the dramatic consolidation of screens into the hands of a few very large and powerful exhibitors such as AMC, Cineworld, and Cinemark, who between them control over 57 of the North American market, these mega-exhibition companies are in a position to offer distributors access to many more screens in major markets than we can. Also, the major exhibitors have a significant number of markets where they operate without material competition, meaning that the distributors have no alternative exhibitor for their films in these markets. Accordingly, distributors may decide to give preference to these mega-exhibitors when it comes to licensing top-grossing films, rather than deal with independent exhibitors such as ourselves. The situation is different in Australia and New Zealand, where typically every major multiplex cinema has access to all of the film currently in distribution, regardless of the ownership of that multiplex cinema. However, on the reverse side, we have suffered somewhat in these markets from competition from boutique operators, who are able to book top grossing commercial films for limited runs, thus increasing competition for customers wishing to view such top grossing films. The implementation of a two-year sunset period for block booking and circuit dealing is meant to give movie theaters time to adjust their operations during a period of significant market changes. This prevents the block booking licensing agreements from having a negative impact on independent movie distributors access to the market by creating a barrier to entry. 

 - 12 - 

The availability of state-of-the-art technology and/or luxury recliner seating can also be a factor in the preference of one cinema over another. In recent periods, a number of cinemas have opened or reopened featuring luxury recliner seating and/or expanded food and beverage service, including the sale of alcoholic beverages and food served to the seat. After significant investment in our cinema portfolio since 2015, our circuit is ready for post COVID-19 recovery. 48 of US screens feature Luxury Recliner Seating. 31 of AU/NZ screens feature Luxury Recliner Seating. 35 of US theaters feature at least one Premium Large Format auditorium (IMAX, TITAN LUXE or TITAN XC) and 53 of AU/NZ theaters feature a PLF Auditorium (TITAN XC or TITAN LUXE). Lastly, 78 of US cinemas offer enhanced F B menus (including liquor), while 53 of AU/NZ cinemas offer enhanced F B menus, and 66 of our global cinemas serve liquor. The film exhibition markets in the United States, Australia, and New Zealand are to a certain extent dominated by a limited number of major exhibition companies who have substantial financial resources which could allow them to operate in a more competitive manner than us. Based on information contained in filings made with the SEC, as of December 31, 2022, the principal exhibitors in the United States are AMC (with 7,855 screens in 600 cinemas); Regal (with 6,860 screens in 516 cinemas), owned by Cineworld Group, the U.K. s largest cinema operator; and Cinemark (with 4,458 screens in 323 cinemas). It is to be noted that these numbers are subject to fluctuations, as Regal and AMC have been shedding screens in the United States in recent periods. As of December 31, 2022, we were the 14th largest exhibitor with 1 of the box office in the United States with 228 screens in 23 cinemas. The principal exhibitors in Australia are Greater Union, which does business under the Event Cinemas name (a subsidiary of Event Hospitality and Entertainment, Limited) Event ), Hoyts Cinemas Hoyts ), and Village Cinemas Village ). The major exhibitors control approximately 65 of the total cinema box office: Event 29 , Hoyts 24 , and Village 12 . Event has 526 screens nationally, Hoyts 421 screens, and Village 229 screens. By comparison, our 191 screens (excluding our joint venture theaters) represent approximately 8 of the total box office making us the fourth largest exhibitor in Australia. The industry is somewhat vertically integrated in Australia and New Zealand, in that Roadshow Film Distributors, a subsidiary of Village, serves as a distributor of film in Australia and New Zealand. The principal exhibitors in New Zealand are Event Cinemas with 127 screens and Hoyts with 76 screens, nationally. The major exhibitors in New Zealand control approximately 51 of the total box office: Event 31 and Hoyts 20 . We have 57 screens (excluding its interests in unconsolidated joint ventures). We have 11 of the market (Event and Reading market share figures exclude any partnership theaters) and we are the third largest exhibitor in New Zealand. In-Home, Streaming and Mobile Device Competition The in-home streaming and mobile device entertainment industry has experienced significant leaps in recent periods in both the quality and affordability of in-home and mobile device entertainment systems and in the accessibility to, and quality of, entertainment programming through cable, satellite, and internet distribution channels. The success of these alternative distribution channels (like Netflix, Hulu, Disney+ and Amazon Prime Video) and the entrance of new specially curated product for the home and streaming markets are competing with films produced for theatrical release which puts additional pressure on film distributors to reduce and/or eliminate the time period between theatrical and secondary release dates. Since 2020 the streaming landscape has experienced significant transformation. In 2022 newly named Paramount Global (formerly Viacom CBS) finally revealed specifics about its streaming services, including the number of Paramount+ subscribers. AT T is in the process of merging Warner Media, which owns HBO Max, with Discovery Communications. AMC Networks launched a premium AMC+ subscription bundle in Canada and Australia on Apple TV channels and Amazon Prime Video Channels. In December 2020 and December 2021, respectively, we launched our very own streaming service, Angelika Anywhere, in the U.S. and Australia, which is curated for film lovers of independent and foreign film, documentaries, and the more specialized movies from the major studios. Currently our US based website and mobile app have the function which allow guests to instantly book Private Watch Parties online instantly. Our Australia and New Zealand, customers can also book Private VIP via online. We are responding to these challenges generally by increasing the comfort and service levels available at our cinemas, by offering convenient online ticket reservation services with guaranteed seating, by investing in larger screens and enhanced sound, by offering more specialized and alternative product to our audiences, and by providing value for the moviegoer s dollar. We are focusing on the fact that going to the movies is a special social experience, and we are working to make that experience the best that it can be. We must differentiate ourselves from other forms of video entertainment by emphasizing the special nature of seeing film and alternative content in a cinema environment and by developing ways to position ourselves to take advantage of the increased output of film and feature product. These are issues common to both our U.S. and international cinema operations. We are proactively adjusting our operating, programming, and marketing strategies to take into account the wide-ranging impacts of the pandemic. We want to grow our cinema-based business through a disciplined approach to renovations and new opportunities globally. Further competitive issues are discussed under Item 1A Risk Factors . 

 - 13 - 

Seasonality Major films are generally released to coincide with holidays. This fact provides some balancing of our revenue because, with the exception of Christmas and New Years, there is no material overlap between holidays in the United States and those in Australia and New Zealand. Distributors will delay, in certain cases, releases in Australia and New Zealand to take advantage of Australian and New Zealand holidays that are not celebrated in the United States. However, the deferral of releases is becoming increasingly less common, given the need to address internet and other channels of distribution that operate on a worldwide basis and are less tied to holiday schedules. 2022 saw some successful releases including Top Gun: Maverick and concluded with the release of Avatar: The Way of Water , but only three films reached the 1 billion mark, which included Jurassic World Dominion . Cinema operators are more hopeful for 2023 as the year offers several highly anticipated releases, such as three Marvel titles, a new Indiana Jones movie, a new Mission: Impossible film featuring a Maverick-boosted Tom Cruise, a second Dune film, the Hunger Games prequel, and highly anticipated adaptations of Wonka, Super Mario Bros, Barbie , and Christopher Nolan s Oppenheimer . REAL ESTATE Overall We engage in the real estate business through the development and our ownership and rental or licensing to third parties of retail, commercial and live theatre assets. We own the fee interests in both our live theatres, and in 10 of our cinemas (as presented in the preceding table within the Cinema Exhibition section). Our real estate business creates long-term value for our stockholders through the continuous improvement and development of our investment and operating properties, including our ETCs. Our real estate activities have historically consisted principally of: the ownership of fee or long-term leasehold interests in properties used in our cinema exhibition activities or which were acquired for the development of cinemas or cinema-based real estate development projects; the acquisition of fee interests in land for general real estate development; the licensing to production companies of our live theatres; and, the redevelopment of our existing fee-owned cinema or live theatre sites to their highest and best use. All of our leasehold interests are cinema operating properties. We utilize office space at the Village East cinema building for our corporate headquarters. We have historically made use of third-party agencies to provide the on-site management and leasing administration functions of our Australia and New Zealand sites. In 2020, however, we terminated these arrangements and brought these activities in-house. All of our U.S. real estate operations are managed in-house, with operational support from a third-party for 44 Union Square. In addition to our principal properties as set out below, we own certain historic railroad properties (such as our 8.2-acre North Viaduct and adjacent commercial properties in Philadelphia). United States Live Theatres Minetta Lane and Orpheum Included among our real estate holdings are two Off-Broadway style live theatres, operated through our Liberty Theatres subsidiary. We license theatre auditoriums to the producers of Off-Broadway theatrical productions and provide various box office and food beverage services. The terms of our licenses are, naturally, principally dependent upon the commercial success of our tenants. While we attempt to choose productions that we believe will be successful, we have no control over the production itself. At the current time, we have two single-auditorium theatres in Manhattan: the Minetta Lane (399 seats); and the Orpheum (347 seats). Liberty Theatres is primarily in the business of licensing theatre space. However, we may from time to time participate as an investor in a play, which can help facilitate the exhibition of the play at one of our theatres and do from time to time rent space on a basis that allows us to share in a production s revenues or profits. Rental revenues, expenses, and profits are reported as part of the real estate segment of our business. 

 - 14 - 

44 Union Square At the end of 2019, we substantially completed the construction phase of our 44 Union Square redevelopment project, achieving approximately 73,000 square feet of net rentable area (calculated inclusive of anticipated BOMA adjustments) comprised of retail and office space. We have leased all the retail space to Petco for a flagship, state-of-the-art facility. We are currently working with CBRE to lease the office portions of the project. 44 Union Square/Tammany Hall, hailed as a dramatic pi ce de r sistance with its first in the city, over 800-piece, glass dome, brings the future to New York s fabled past and in 2022 was awarded the (i) The American Architecture Award for Restoration and Renovation, (ii) the ACEC NY Engineering Excellence Award, (iii) and the Building/Technology Systems Diamond Award. Item 7 Recent Developments . 5995 Sepulveda Boulevard We own an approximately 24,000 square foot office building with 72 parking spaces located at 5995 Sepulveda Boulevard in Culver City, California. We occupy approximately 12,000 square feet of our Culver City office building for administrative purposes. The remainder of the building is leased to an unrelated third-party. Reading purchased the building and acquired an existing A T Lease on April 8, 2016. An update on this property is provided in Item 7 Recent Developments. Cinemas 1,2,3 We own, through our 75 managing member interest, the fee interest in our Cinemas 1,2,3 property in Manhattan. While we are evaluating the potential to redevelop this property as a mixed-use property, these endeavors have been deferred as we deal with the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic. However, located on 3rd avenue, across from Bloomingdales on Manhattan s Upper Eastside, this property is a prime long-term hold-for-development asset of our Company, and we are confident in the long-term outlook for the New York City commercial market. While we monitor the market for conditions to stabilize, we have been operating the property as a 3-screen cinema by Angelika since March 2021. Australia We own and operate three ETCs in Australia. Our revenues from these sites consist of rental income and other ancillary charges from our various tenants. Newmarket Village Located on 226,537 square feet of land in suburban Brisbane, Newmarket Village is currently comprised of approximately 165,830 square feet of net rentable area, including a Coles Supermarket and 47 other third-party tenants. We added a state-of-the-art eight-screen Reading Cinemas in December 2017. In 2022, we also executed 2 new leases and 4 renewal leases. Cannon Park Comprising 9.4-acres across two properties, Cannon Park City Center and Cannon Park Discount Center. Cannon Park was acquired in December 2015. Our multiplex cinema is one of the anchor tenants for Cannon Park City Center, which features 14 third-party F B and leisure tenants. In 2022, we executed 1 new lease and 3 renew leases. The Belmont Common Anchored by our 10-screen Reading Cinemas and six F B or third-party tenants, The Belmont Common is located in Perth, Australia, and is currently comprised of 103,204 square feet of land and 60,118 square feet of net rentable area. New Zealand Courtenay Central Located in the heart of Wellington New Zealand s capital city our Courtenay Central ETC is currently under redevelopment and is comprised, on a consolidated basis through various subsidiaries, of 161,071 square feet of land situated (i) proximate to the Te Papa Tongarewa Museum (attracting over 1.5 million visitors annually, pre-COVID), and (ii) across the street from the site of the future Takina, Wellington Convention and Exhibition Center (wcec.co.nz), the capital s first premium conference and exhibition space, which is due to be completed in 2023, and (iii) across the street from the St. James Theatre which was recently renovated and has strengthened Wellington s theatre scene. Despite the COVID-19 pandemic, construction for this major public project is on track with plans including the creation of a public concourse linking through to Wakefield Street. When it is completed, not only will it be a major generator of foot traffic in the area, but its presence (together with the Te Papa Tongarewa Museum) will provide our property with the potential for 

 - 15 - 

unhindered view lines over- looking Wellington Harbor. During 2022, our Company completed a second Urban Activation and created a space for the public to enjoy on our Wakefield Street Property in collaboration with Wellington City Council. In the third quarter of 2022, we also favorably resolved disputes regarding our pre-earthquake, pre-COVID development obligations to a third-party tenant which now allows us to proceed with our development and seismic strengthening projects in order to achieve their highest and best use. This pivotal settlement has ultimately provided us a path to freely and strategically work with various stakeholders to advance an overall re-thinking and master plan for our properties and to re-establish our assets as the key Wellington destination for film, families, and fun. As previously reported, damage from the 2016 Kaikoura earthquake necessitated demolition of our nine-story parking garage at the site, and unrelated seismic issues caused us to close major portions of the existing cinema and retail structure in early 2019. Wellington continues to be rated as one of the top cities in the world in which to live, and we continue to believe that the Courtenay Central site is located in one of the most vibrant and growing commercial and entertainment precinct areas of Wellington. In 2022, the University of Canterbury hailed Wellington as New Zealand s most walkable city as 35 of all residents lived within a 10-minute walk of all amenities and the Keep New Zealand Beautiful Society designated it as The Most Beautiful Large City in Aotearoa . Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, the real estate team had developed a comprehensive plan featuring a variety of uses to complement and build upon the destination quality of the Courtenay Central location. Notwithstanding the COVID-19 pandemic, our real estate team is continuing to work with our consultants, potential tenants, and city representatives to advance our redevelopment plans for this property. Our real estate holdings are described in further detail in Item 2 Properties . Our real estate developments are described in Item 7 Recent Developments. Competition A summary discussion of our view as to the competitive aspects of the markets where we own real estate properties is as follows: United States We believe that the COVID effect, while significant in 2020 and 2021, will not survive in the long-term as the human need for interaction will outweigh the reduced COVID post-vaccine risks. In 2022, we witnessed a return to normalcy as health and safety measures in public spaces subsided and as large gatherings rebounded. To meet this need for human interaction, we expect that U.S. retail real estate owners will continue to reuse the space vacated by anchor retailers to offer a variety of entertainment options and ultimately enhance the customer experience. Demand for office space may decline in the near term as corporations adapt to employees work-life balance and leverage technology to automate tasks. However, our office space offering in the United States is limited. The available space in our Culver City office building is now completely leased. Our 44 Union Square office space is not generic in nature, given its Union Square location, its boutique size and brandability. The retail portion of our 44 Union Square property is now fully leased to Petco. Australia and New Zealand Over the past few years, there has been a noted stabilization in real estate market activity resulting in some increases to commercial and retail property values in Australia and to a lesser extent in New Zealand. Both countries have relatively stable economies with varying degrees of economic growth that are mostly influenced by global trends. Also, we have noted that our Australian and New Zealand developed properties have had consistent growth in rentals and values, despite the COVID effects. This is in part a product of the fact that our tenancies have focused on entertainment services (cinemas, food and beverage) and essentials (such as groceries and 

 - 16 - 

pharmacies), which has to some extent insulated us from internet competition. We remain optimistic that our Australian and New Zealand holdings will continue to provide value and cash flows to our operations. BUSINESS MIX AND FOREIGN CURRENCY IMPACT At December 31, 2022, the book value of our assets was 587.1 million, and our consolidated stockholders book equity was 63.3 million. Calculated based on book value, 267.9 million, or 46 of our assets, relate to our cinema exhibition activities and 247.2 million, or 42 , of our assets, relate to our real estate activities. For additional segment financial information, please see Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements-- Note 1 Description of Business and Segment Reporting. We have diversified our assets among three countries: the United States, Australia, and New Zealand. Based on book value, at December 31, 2022, we had approximately 58 of our assets in the United States, 34 in Australia and 8 in New Zealand compared to 49 , 40 , and 11 , respectively, at the end of 2021. This shift in the ratio is principally due to repatriation of the proceeds from the monetization of certain AU and NZ real estate assets to US, and currency fluctuations. We have worked to maintain a balance both between our cinema and real estate assets and between our U.S. and our Australian and New Zealand assets. In 2022, we invested approximately 4.3 million in our U.S. assets: 1.8 million for the development of our real estate assets (principally for the construction of our 44 Union Square property) and 2.5 million for the improvements of our cinema assets (principally the renovations of our cinema at Kapolei, and upgrades of certain other cinemas). We invested approximately 3.2 million in our Australia asset, primarily for the development of our cinema assets (principally the fit-out of our new South City Square eight-screen complex and Busselton five-screen reading cinema). We invested approximately 1.5 million in our New Zealand assets: 1.1 million for our Invercargill cinema renovation and 0.4 million was used for the development of real estate assets (principally on the predevelopment of our Courtenay Central asset). At December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 29.9 million, which are treated as corporate assets. Our cash included 24.0 million denominated in U.S. dollars, 4.9 million (AU 7.2 million) in Australian dollars, and 1.1 million (NZ 1.7 million) in New Zealand dollars. We had total worldwide non-current assets of 539.6 million, distributed as follows: 300.0 million in the United States, 192.1 million (AU 320.0 million) in Australia and 47.5 million (NZ 74.8 million) in New Zealand. We had no unrestricted unused capacity of available corporate credit facilities on December 31, 2022. For 2022, our gross revenues in the United States, Australia, and New Zealand were 100.1 million, 87.8 million, and 15.2 million, respectively, compared to 61.8 million, 64.7 million, and 12.6 million for 2021. All three countries posted revenue increases in 2022 as a result of no mandated COVID-19 related closures in 2022, compared to 2021 due to the wide distribution of COVID-19 vaccines and better film releases. 

 - 17 - 

As shown in the chart set forth in the International Business Risks section, exchange rates for the currencies of these jurisdictions have varied, sometimes materially. These ratios naturally have an impact on our revenues and asset values, which are reported in USD. The U.S. dollar is trading at or about a ten year high compared to the Australian and New Zealand Dollar, which has the effect of reducing the value of our Australia and New Zealand earnings and cash flow from a U.S. point of view. Notwithstanding these fluctuations, we continue to believe that, over the long term, operating in Australia and New Zealand is a prudent diversification of risk. Australia has been identified by the United Nations to be among the Top 10 countries in the World in terms of natural resources per person. Deutsche Bank has twice named Wellington the best place in the world to live. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development has twice rated Australia as the best place to live and work in the world. In our view, the economies of Australia and New Zealand are stable economies, and their lifestyles support our entertainment/lifestyle focus. HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES Our company is committed to diversity and does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, gender, ethnicity, religious beliefs or practices or any other protected characteristics. We strive to recruit and retain a diverse group of employees. Our board of directors is comprised of three women (including our Chair, Vice Chair and Chair of our Compensation Committee) and two men. Our cinemas typically employ persons from the communities that they serve and accordingly, we believe that they reasonably reflect the diversification of such communities. Many of our jobs are entry level positions and offer comparatively flexible hours attractive to students and others seeking part time employment. We believe that we provide a starting point for younger people entering the job market for the first time, as well as an opportunity for individuals with other life commitments and interests and who are not seeking full time employment. Finding and retaining cinema staff has been a challenge in the post COVID period. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately (i) 89 executive/administrative and 8 real estate employees who were primarily full-time and (ii) 20 live theatre and 1,908 cinema employees worldwide who were predominantly part-time/casual employees. A small number of our cinema employees in New Zealand are union members, as are our projectionists in Hawaii. None of our Australian-based employees or other employees are subject to union contracts. Overall, we are of the view that the existence of these collective bargaining agreements does not materially increase our costs of labor or our ability to compete. We offer our employees a competitive benefits package. In the U.S., we offer a 401(k)-retirement savings plan (our 401(k) Plan that allows eligible U.S. employees to defer a portion of their compensation, within limits prescribed by the Internal Revenue Code, on a pre- and post-tax basis through contributions to the plan. We match contributions made by participants in our 401(k) Plan up to a specified percentage, and these matching contributions are fully vested as of the date on which the contributions are made. Currently, matching has been deferred as allowed by our 401(k)-plan due to COVID-19. For our employees in Australia and New Zealand, we offer superannuation plans in line with the requirements as they pertain to each government. We believe that providing a vehicle for retirement savings through our 401(k) Plan or superannuation plan, and making fully vested matching contributions in the U.S., in accordance with our compensation policies, adds to the overall desirability of our employee compensation package and further incentivizes our employees. We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code of Conduct designed to help our Directors and employees resolve ethical issues. Our Code of Conduct applies to all Directors and employees and is posted on our website. Our Board has established a means for employees to report a violation or suspected violation of the Code of Conduct anonymously. In addition, we have adopted an Amended and Restated Whistleblower Policy and Procedures, which is also posted on our website, and establishes a process by which employees may anonymously disclose to our Principal Compliance Officer alleged fraud or violations of accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters. We are firm supporters of equal rights and diversity, and have accordingly adopted the Anti-Discrimination, Harassment and Bullying Policy posted on our website. 

 - 18 - 

Our Green Initiatives. We strive to do our part in the fight against climate change. United States In our U.S. theaters we are looking at transitioning to paper straws and bamboo biodegradable cutlery in the immediate future. We provide recycle bins at all of our theaters. Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, we completed a variety of energy enhancements, including the installation of (i) LED Lighting retrofits to lower KWH Usage and reduce our energy consumption across all the theatres, (ii) modern and smart EMS systems at various locations, to efficiently control the current HVAC systems, and (iii) replacement HVAC package units to improve our carbon footprint. Australia and New Zealand In our theaters in Australia and New Zealand, we are (i) using commercially compostable bamboo takeaway cutlery nationally, (ii) using commercially compostable paper straws (which are individually wrapped in paper to ensure we are COVID safe), (iii) using commercially compostable soft drink cold cups, coffee cups, popcorn boxes, takeaway pizza boxes and takeaway clamshell hot food boxes. We have achieved our 2021 goal to source only commercially compostable packaging, we expect all AU/NZ locations in Q2 2022 to be 100 converted to the new environmentally friendly stock. At our Burwood cinema in Australia, we are separating waste into three waste streams (compostable material/general waste/recyclable). At our Belmont ETC in Australia, we have installed Solar Panels to minimize our reliance on non-renewable energies. 

 - 19 - 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Our statements in this annual report, including the documents incorporated herein by reference, contain a variety of forward-looking statements as defined by the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as: may, will, expect, believe, intend, future, and anticipate and similar references to future periods. Examples of forward-looking statements include, among others, statements we make regarding the closures and reopening of our cinemas and theatres, including our expectations regarding renovations and addition of cinemas; our expectations regarding the long-term impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on a person s desire for social interaction our expected operating results, including the long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and our ultimate return to pre-pandemic type results; our expectations regarding the recovery and future of the cinema exhibition industry, including the strength of movies anticipated for release in the future; our expectations regarding people returning to our theatres and continuing to use discretionary funds on entertainment outside of the home; our expectations regarding retail real estate owner s use of vacant anchor spaces; our expectations regarding the impact of streaming and mobile video services on the cinema exhibition industry; our belief regarding the attractiveness of 44 Union Square to potential tenants and ability to lease space on acceptable terms; our expectations regarding the timing of the completions our renovation projects, our expectations regarding credit facility covenant compliance and our ability to continue to obtain necessary covenant waivers; and our expectations of our liquidity and capital requirements and the allocation of funds. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: with respect to our cinema and live theatre operations: reduced consumer demand due to recessionary pressures; the adverse continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and other diseases and the adverse effects on our anticipated cinema operations should there be further closings or restrictions mandated as a result of other pandemics or diseases; the adverse continuing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic or other diseases on our Company s results from operations, liquidity, cash flows, financial condition, and access to credit markets; the adverse continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or other diseases on short-term and/or long-term entertainment, leisure and discretionary spending habits and practices of our patrons; the decrease in attendance at our cinemas and theatres due to (i) continued health and safety concerns, (ii) a change in consumer behavior in favor of alternative forms or mediums of entertainment, and (iii) additional regulatory requirements limiting our seating capacity; reduction in operating margins (or negative operating margins) due to the implementation of health and safety protocols; potentially uninsurable liability exposure to customers and staff should they become (or allege that they have become) infected with COVID-19 or other diseases while at one of our facilities; unwillingness of employees to report to work due to the adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic or other diseases or to otherwise conduct work under any revised work environment protocols; the continuing adverse impact that the COVID-19 pandemic or other diseases may continue to have on the national and global macroeconomic environment; competition from cinema operators who have successfully used debtor laws to reduce their debt and/or rent exposure; the uncertainty as to the scope and extent of government responses to the COVID-19 pandemic or other diseases; the disruptions or reductions in the utilization of entertainment, shopping, and hospitality venues, as well as in our operations, due to pandemics, epidemics, widespread health emergencies, or outbreaks of infectious diseases or to changing consumer tastes and habits; the number and attractiveness to moviegoers of the films released in future periods, and potential changes in release dates for motion pictures; the lack of availability of films in the short- or long-term as a result of (i) major film distributors releasing scheduled films on alternative channels or (ii) disruptions of film production; the amount of money spent by film distributors to promote their motion pictures; the licensing fees and terms required by film distributors from motion picture exhibitors in order to exhibit their films; the comparative attractiveness of motion pictures as a source of entertainment and willingness and/or ability of consumers (i) to spend their dollars on entertainment and (ii) to spend their entertainment dollars on movies in an outside-the-home environment; the extent to which we encounter competition from other cinema exhibitors, from other sources of outside-the-home entertainment, and from inside-the-home entertainment options, such as home cinemas and competitive film product distribution technology, such as, streaming, cable, satellite broadcast, video on demand platforms, and Blu-ray/DVD rentals and sales; 

 - 20 - 

our ability to continue to obtain, to the extent needed, waivers or other financial accommodations from our lenders and landlords; the impact of major movies being released directly to one of the multitudes of streaming services available; the impact of certain competitors subscription or advance pay programs; the failure of our new initiatives to gain significant customer acceptance and use or to generate meaningful profits; the cost and impact of improvements to our cinemas, such as improved seating, enhanced F B offerings, and other improvements; the ability to negotiate favorable rent abatement, deferral and repayment terms with our landlords (which may include lenders who have foreclosed on the collateral held by our prior landlords); disruptions during cinema improvements; in the U.S., the impact of the termination and phase-out of the so called Paramount Decree; the risk of damage and/or disruption of cinema businesses from earthquakes as certain of our operations are in geologically active areas; the impact of protests, demonstrations, and civil unrest on, among other things, government policy, consumer willingness to go to the movies, and labor shortages and increased labor costs related to such shortages and to increasingly costly labor laws and regulations applicable to part time non-exempt workers. with respect to our real estate development and operation activities: the increased costs of wages, supplies, services and other development expenses from inflation; the impact on tenants from recessionary pressures; the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or other diseases may continue to affect many of our tenants at our real estate operations in the United States, Australia, and New Zealand, their ability to pay rent, and to stay in business; the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or other diseases on our construction projects and on our ability to open construction sites and to secure needed labor and materials; the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or other diseases on real estate valuations in major urban centers, such as New York; uncertainty as to governmental responses to COVID-19 or other diseases; the rental rates and capitalization rates applicable to the markets in which we operate and the quality of properties that we own; the ability to negotiate and execute lease agreements with material tenants; the extent to which we can obtain on a timely basis the various land use approvals and entitlements needed to develop our properties; the risks and uncertainties associated with real estate development; the availability and cost of labor and materials; the ability to obtain all permits to construct improvements; the ability to finance improvements, including, but not limited to increased cost of borrowing and tightened lender credit policies; the disruptions to our business from construction and/or renovations; the possibility of construction delays, work stoppage, and material shortage; competition for development sites and tenants; environmental remediation issues; the extent to which our cinemas can continue to serve as an anchor tenant that will, in turn, be influenced by the same factors as will influence generally the results of our cinema operations; the increased depreciation and amortization expense as construction projects transition to leased real property; the ability to negotiate and execute joint venture opportunities and relationships; the risk of damage and/or disruption of real estate businesses from earthquakes as certain of our operations are in geologically active areas; the disruptions or reductions in the utilization of entertainment, shopping and hospitality venues, as well as in our operations, due to pandemics, epidemics, widespread health emergencies, or outbreaks of infectious diseases, or to changing consumer tastes and habits; and the impact of protests, demonstrations, and civil unrest on government policy, consumer willingness to visit shopping centers. with respect to our operations generally as an international company involved in both the development and operation of cinemas and the development and operation of real estate and previously engaged for many years in the railroad business in the United States: our ability to renew, extend, renegotiate or replace our loans that mature in 2023 and beyond, and the impact of increasing interest rates; our ability to grow our Company and provide value to our stockholders; 

 - 21 - 

our ongoing access to borrowed funds and capital and the interest that must be paid on that debt and the returns that must be paid on such capital, and our ability to borrow funds to help cover the cessation of cash flows we are experiencing during the COVID-19 pandemic; our ability to reallocate funds among jurisdictions to meet short-term liquidity needs; the relative values of the currency used in the countries in which we operate; the impact that any discontinuance, modification or other reform of London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (LIBOR), or the establishment of alternative reference rates, may have on our LIBOR-based debt instruments; changes in government regulation, including by way of example, the costs resulting from the requirements of Sarbanes-Oxley and other increased regulatory requirements; our labor relations and costs of labor (including future government requirements with respect to minimum wages, shift scheduling, the use of consultants, pension liabilities, disability insurance and health coverage, and vacations and leave); our exposure from time to time to legal claims and to uninsurable risks, such as those related to our historic railroad operations, including potential environmental claims and health-related claims relating to alleged exposure to asbestos or other substances now or in the future recognized as being possible causes of cancer or other health related problems, and class actions and private attorney general wage and hour and/or safe workplace-based claims; our exposure to cybersecurity risks, including misappropriation of customer information or other breaches of information security; the impact of major outbreaks of contagious diseases; the availability of employees and/or their ability or willingness to conduct work under any revised work environment protocols; the increased risks related to employee matters, including increased employment litigation and claims relating to terminations or furloughs caused by cinema and ETC closures; our ability to generate significant cash flow from operations if our cinemas and/or ETCs continue to experience demand at levels significantly lower than historical levels, which could lead to a substantial increase in indebtedness and negatively impact our ability to comply with the financial covenants, if applicable, in our debt agreements; our ability to comply with credit facility covenants and our ability to obtain necessary covenant waivers and necessary credit facility amendments; changes in future effective tax rates and the results of currently ongoing and future potential audits by taxing authorities having jurisdiction over our various companies; inflationary pressures on labor and supplies, and supply chain disruptions; changes in applicable accounting policies and practices; changes in future effective tax rates and the results of currently ongoing and future potential audits by taxing authorities having jurisdiction over our various companies; and the impact of the conflict events occurring in Eastern Europe and the threats of potential conflicts in the Asia-Pacific region. The above list is not necessarily exhaustive, as business is by definition unpredictable and risky, and subject to influence by numerous factors outside of our control, such as changes in government regulation or policy, competition, interest rates, supply, technological innovation, changes in consumer taste and fancy, weather, earthquakes, pandemics, and the extent to which consumers in our markets have the economic wherewithal to spend money on beyond-the-home entertainment. Refer to Item 1A - Risk Factors , as well as the risk factors set forth in any other filings made under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, including any of our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, for more information. Given the variety and unpredictability of the factors that will ultimately influence our businesses and our results of operation, no guarantees can be given that any of our forward-looking statements will ultimately prove to be correct. Actual results will undoubtedly vary and there is no guarantee as to how our securities will perform either when considered in isolation or when compared to other securities or investment opportunities. Forward-looking statements made by us in this annual report are based only on information currently available to us and are current only as of the date of this 2022 Annual Report. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or to revise any of our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable law. Accordingly, you should always note the date to which our forward-looking statements speak. Additionally, certain of the presentations included in this annual report may contain non-GAAP financial measures. In such case, a reconciliation of this information to our GAAP financial statements will be made available in connection with such statements. 

 - 22 - 

Item 1A Risk Fa ctors Like any other investment, investing in our securities involves risk. Set forth below is a summary of various risk factors that you should consider in connection with your investment in our Company. This summary should be considered in the context of our overall Annual Report on Form 10-K. BUSINESS RISK FACTORS We are in the cinema exhibition and real estate businesses. We discuss separately the risks we believe to be material to our involvement in each of these segments. We have discussed separately the risks relating to the international nature of our business activities, our use of leverage, and our status as a controlled corporation. While we report the results of our live theatre operations as real estate operations because we are principally in the business of renting space to producers rather than in producing plays ourselves the cinema exhibition and live theatre businesses share certain risk factors and are, accordingly, discussed together. Cinema Exhibition and Live Theatre Business Risk Factors Our cinema and live theatre businesses are dependent upon attendance, the availability of attractive entertainment product and employees willing to work in a public environment and, accordingly, are vulnerable to the adverse effects of any future pandemics which may result in government ordered closures, imposition of social distancing requirements, and changes in film release patterns. As demonstrated by the governmental and public response to the COVID-19 pandemic, businesses that bring large numbers of unrelated people together in an enclosed environment are particularly vulnerable to business disruption in the face of contagious diseases with life threatening potential. Not only may government authorities order closures or reduce operating capacities, but the public may feel uncomfortable attending our performances in the face of such an infectious disease risk. Our cinema business has high fixed costs (rent and increasing labor) and our revenue in this segment (ticket sales, food and beverage sales, screen advertising fees) is directly tied to our success at attracting customers to our venues. We are dependent upon third parties to supply the entertainment product we need for our cinemas and live theatres to attract customers. We do not produce the films we show at our cinemas and, generally speaking, we do not produce the plays that are performed at our live theatres. Film distributors have no obligation to supply us with film and producers have no obligation to make use of our live theatres. We face competition from other sources of entertainment and other entertainment delivery systems. Both our cinema and live theatre operations face competition from in-home and mobile device sources of entertainment. These include competition from network, cable and satellite television, and Video on Demand, internet streaming video services such as Netflix, Hulu, Disney+, HBO Max, Peacock, and Amazon Prime, and social media or user generated internet programing such as, YouTube, TikTok, Reddit, Instagram, and Snapchat, video games and other sources of entertainment. The quality of in-home and mobile entertainment systems, as well as programming available on an in-home and mobile basis, has increased, while the cost to consumers of such systems (and such programming) has decreased in recent periods, and some consumers may prefer the security and/or convenience of an in-home or mobile entertainment experience to the more public and presentation-oriented experience offered by our cinemas and live theatres. Film distributors have been responding to these developments by, in some cases, decreasing or eliminating the period of time between cinema release and the date such product is made available to in-home or mobile forms of distribution. During the COVID-19 pandemic, many distributors moved product onto their proprietary streaming service platforms or onto third party platforms (like Netflix) either in lieu of or simultaneously with a cinema release. Even before the recent pandemic, some traditional in-home and mobile distributors had begun to produce full-length movies, specifically for the purpose of direct or simultaneous release to the in-home and mobile markets. Cinemas will need to meet these competitive factors to continue to attract customers. This may require substantial capital outlays and increased labor expense, which exhibitors may not be able to fully pass on to their customers. We also face competition from various other forms of beyond-the-home entertainment, including sporting events, concerts, restaurants, casinos, video game arcades, and nightclubs. Our cinemas also face competition from live theatres and vice versa. Further, as we file this 2022 Annual Report, there are rumors that Amazon may be looking to acquire a brick-and-mortar cinema company. We cannot predict the impact of such a development unless and until such an event occurs. Supply chain disruptions may negatively impact our operating results. We rely on certain suppliers for a number of our products, supplies and services. Shortages, delays, or interruptions in the availability of food and beverage items and other supplies to our theatres and restaurants may be caused by adverse weather conditions; natural disasters; governmental regulation; recalls; commodity availability; seasonality; public health crises or pandemics; labor issues or other operational disruptions; the inability of our suppliers to manage adverse business conditions, obtain credit or remain solvent; or other conditions beyond our control. Such shortages, delays or interruptions could adversely affect the availability, quality, and cost of the items we buy and the operations of our business. Supply chain risk could increase our costs and limit the availability of products that are critical to our operations. We expect these issues to continue for the foreseeable future and plan to minimize the impact by focusing on the supply of those items with the greatest impact on our sales and operations. 

 - 23 - 

We operate in a highly competitive environment with many competitors who are significantly larger and may have significantly better access to films and to funds than we do. We are a comparatively small cinema operator and face competition from much larger exhibitors who are able to offer distributors more screens in more markets including markets where they may be the exclusive exhibitor than can we. This may adversely impact our access to films, which may adversely affect our revenue and profitability. These larger competitors may also enjoy (i) greater cash flow, which can be used to develop additional cinemas, including cinemas that may be competitive with our existing cinemas, (ii) better access to equity capital and debt, (iii) better visibility to landlords and real estate developers, (iv) for the sake of building volume, to operate cinemas with margins below our threshold for cinema acquisitions and/or development, and (v) better economies of scale. Access to reasonably priced funding is increasingly important as cinema operators need to upgrade their presentation, food and beverage in order to compete with in-home entertainment options. In the case of our live theatres, we compete for shows not only with other for-profit Off-Broadway theatres, but also with not-for-profit operators and, increasingly, with Broadway theatres. We believe our live theatres are generally competitive with other Off-Broadway venues. However, due to the increased cost of staging live theatre productions, we are seeing an increasing tendency for plays that would historically have been staged in an Off-Broadway theatre moving directly to larger Broadway venues. We are vulnerable to a variety of factors which are beyond our control. Our cinema and live theatre businesses may be vulnerable to fears of terrorism and random shooter incidents which could cause customers to avoid public assembly venues. Events, such as terrorist attacks and random shooter incidents may discourage patrons from attending our cinemas. We believe that recent shooting incidents have resulted in material increases in insurance premiums for cinema operators. Our cinema business may be vulnerable to natural disasters. Natural disasters, such as tropical storms, floods, fires, and earthquakes, have damaged and forced the temporary closure, and are likely in the future to similarly impact, our cinema operations. A material portion of our cinemas are located in seismically active areas, such as California, Hawaii and New Zealand. We may be more subject to general economic conditions than some other businesses. Going to a movie or a play is a luxury, not a necessity. Furthermore, consumer demand for better amenities and food offerings have resulted in an increase of the cost of a night at the movies. Accordingly, a decline in the economy resulting in a decrease in discretionary income, or a perception of such a decline, may result in decreased discretionary spending, which could adversely affect our cinema and live theatre businesses. Adverse economic conditions can also affect the supply side of our business, as reduced liquidity can adversely affect the availability of funding for movies and plays. This is particularly true in the case of Off-Broadway plays, which are often times financed by high-net-worth individuals (or groups of such individuals) and that are very risky due to the absence of any ability to recoup investment in secondary markets like cable, satellite or internet distribution. We face competition from competitors offering food and beverage and luxury seating as an integral part of their cinema offerings. The number of our competitors offering expanded food and beverage menus (including the sale of alcoholic beverages) and luxury seating, has continued to grow in recent periods. In addition, more competitors such as AMC are converting existing cinemas to provide such expanded menu offerings and in-theater dining options. The existence of such cinemas may alter traditional cinema selection practices of moviegoers, as they seek out cinemas with such expanded offerings as a preferred alternative to traditional cinemas. In order to compete with these new cinemas, the Company has been required to materially increase its capital expenditures to add such features to many of our cinemas and to take on additional and more highly trained (and, consequently, compensated) staff. Also, the conversion to luxury seating typically requires a material reduction in the number of seats that an auditorium can accommodate which may translate into fewer movie tickets being sold and the shutdown (or limitation of activities) during the time required to complete such modifications. Our failure to obtain and maintain liquor licenses at any of our cinemas could adversely affect our ability to compete. Each of our cinemas offering alcoholic beverages, is subject to licensing and regulation. Typically, licenses must be renewed annually and may be revoked or suspended for cause at any time. Alcoholic beverage control regulations relate to numerous aspects of the daily operations of each cinema, including minimum age of patrons and employees, hours of operation, advertising, wholesale purchasing, inventory control and handling and storage and dispensing of alcoholic beverages. The failure to receive or retain a liquor license, or any other required permit or license, in a particular location, or to continue to qualify for, or renew licenses, could have a material adverse effect on our profitability, our ability to attract patrons, and our ability to obtain such a liquor license in other locations. We may be subject to increased labor and benefits costs generally. We are subject to inflationary pressures which have resulted in increased costs of goods and increased cost of film. Our labor costs more as post COVID-19 worker shortages continue, particularly in the minimum wage sector where we operate. In venues that have alcohol licenses, there are higher labor, inventory, and insurance costs. Our cinemas are a major user of electricity, and utility costs are also rising. Given competitive pressures and other forces adversely impacting movie attendances, it may not be possible to pass all or any material portion of these increased costs on to consumers. In addition, we are subject to a variety of changing laws governing such matters as minimum wages, access to benefits and 

 - 24 - 

paid or unpaid leave, working conditions and overtime under which minor violations can result in material liabilities. In California and New York, in particular, law firms have developed which advertise for plaintiffs and bring such cases on a class action, contingent fee basis, where typically between 25 and 40 of any recovery goes to the law firm. Moreover, given the statutory basis of such claims, insurance is not available to cover such exposure. In recent periods, legislatures have been actively increasing minimum wages, mandating minimum hours or imposing notice and leave provisions that make it increasingly difficult to adjust staffing levels to accommodate fluctuating cinema attendance levels, all of which have resulted in increased operating costs as we work to maintain a high level of amenity to our customers. Real Estate Development and Ownership Business Risks Specific Risks Related to Our Real Estate Business. Our real estate business suffered effects from the coronavirus outbreak from which has not been full recovery. The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in the closure or reduced capacity of certain of our retail tenants. All of our ETCs are anchored by our cinemas, which suffered temporary closures and/or reductions in seating capacities during the COVID-19 Pandemic, thereby reducing foot traffic to our ETCs. In some cases, we have been compelled to provide our tenants with rent abatements or deferrals and some tenants continue to be impacted. Competition from the Digital Economy may adversely impact our ability to lease and obtain reasonable rents for our properties. An increasing amount of shopping is being done online, a trend that has been given momentum by the stay-at-home admonitions and restrictions associated with our battle against the COVID virus. This has adversely impacted retail tenants (particularly those dealing in consumer goods), which may impact our ability to attract such retailers and to obtain rents at historic levels. This is a particular risk to us, given our high percentage of retail tenants. Also, initially motivated by the need to work from home during the COVID-19 pandemic, employers are rethinking the scope and extent of the need for their office space. Some markets may have become overbuilt, which may complicate our ability to lease our properties, to obtain reasonable rents, and to finance future development. Many of our Properties are located in areas prone to natural disasters. Many of our properties are located in areas subject to a risk of fires such as California and Australia; of hurricanes, tropical storms and/or flooding, such as Australia, California, Hawaii and New York, New Jersey; or earthquakes in New Zealand, Hawaii and California. The availability of insurance for natural disasters (particularly earthquake) may be limited. Our entertainment properties may be more subject to access litigation than other properties. Substantially all our properties consist of, or include as a material component, entertainment venues. These facilities may attract more access-based litigation (for example, claims under the Americans with Disabilities Act) than other types of real estate. We operate in a highly competitive environment in which we must compete against companies with much greater financial and human resources than we have. We have limited financial and human resources, compared to our principal real estate competitors. In recent periods, we have relied heavily on outside professionals in connection with our real estate development activities. Many of our competitors have significantly greater resources and may be able to achieve greater economies of scale than we can. Given our structure as a taxable corporation, our cost of capital is typically higher than other real estate investment vehicles such as real estate investment trusts. Risks Related to the Real Estate Industry Generally Our financial performance will be affected by risks associated with the real estate industry generally. Events and conditions generally applicable to developers, owners, and operators of real property will affect our performance as well. These include (i) changes in the national, regional and local economic climate, (ii) local conditions, such as an oversupply of, or a reduction in demand for, commercial space and/or entertainment-oriented properties, (iii) reduced attractiveness of our properties to tenants, (iv) the rental rates and capitalization rates applicable to the markets in which we operate and the quality of properties that we own, (v) competition from other properties, (vi) inability to collect rent from tenants, (vii) increased operating costs, including labor, materials, real estate taxes, insurance premiums, and utilities, (viii) costs of complying with changes in law and government regulations including those relating to access, energy conservation and environmental matters, (ix) the relative illiquidity of real estate investments, and (x) decreases in sources of both construction and long-term lending as traditional sources of such funding leave or reduce their commitments to real estate-based lending. In addition, periods of rising interest rates or declining demand for real estate (for example, due to competition from internet sellers the demand for brick and mortar retail spaces has declined and may continue to decline, and due to the increasing popularity of tele-commuting demand for traditional office space has likewise declined and may likewise continue to decline), or the public perception that any of these events may occur, could result in declining rents or increased lease defaults. Increasing cap rates can result in lower property values. Illiquidity of real estate investments could impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our properties. Real estate investments can be relatively illiquid and, therefore, tend to limit our ability to vary our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions. Many of our properties are either special purpose properties that could not be readily 

 - 25 - 

converted to general residential, retail or office use. In addition, certain significant expenditures associated with real estate investment, such as real estate taxes and maintenance costs, are generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in income from the investment, and competitive factors may prevent the pass-through of such costs to tenants. Real estate development involves a variety of risks. Real estate development involves a variety of risks, including the following: The identification and acquisition of suitable development properties . Competition for suitable development properties is intense. Our ability to identify and acquire development properties may be limited by our size and resources. Also, as we and our affiliates are considered to be foreign owned for purposes of certain Australian and New Zealand statutes, we have been in the past, and may in the future be, subject to regulations that are not applicable to other persons doing business in those countries. The procurement of necessary land use entitlements for the project . This process can take many years, particularly if opposed by competing interests. Competitors and community groups (sometimes funded by such competitors) may object based on various factors, including, for example, impacts on density, parking, traffic, noise levels and the historic or architectural nature of the building being replaced. If they are unsuccessful at the local governmental level, they may seek recourse to the courts or other tribunals. This can delay projects and increase costs. The construction of the project on time and on budget . Construction risks include the availability and cost of financing; the availability and costs of material and labor; the costs of dealing with unknown site conditions (including addressing pollution or environmental wastes deposited upon the property by prior owners); inclement weather conditions; and the ever-present potential for labor-related disruptions. The leasing or sell-out of the project . Ultimately, there are risks involved in the leasing of a rental property or the sale of a condominium or built-for-sale property. For our ETCs, the extent to which our cinemas can continue to serve as an anchor tenant will be influenced by the same factors as will influence generally the results of our cinema operations. Leasing or sale can be influenced by economic factors that are neither known nor knowable at the commencement of the development process and by local, national, and even international economic conditions, both real and perceived. The refinancing of completed properties . Properties are often developed using relatively short-term loans. Upon completion of the project, it may be necessary to find replacement financing for these loans. This process involves risk as to the availability of such permanent or other take-out financing, the interest rates, and the payment terms applicable to such financing, which may be adversely influenced by local, national, or international factors. Recent increases in lending interest rates and potential tightening of lending given the recent bank crisis may make more difficult refinancing debt or obtaining new debt. The ownership of properties involves risk. The ownership of properties involves risks, such as: (i) ongoing leasing and re-leasing risks, (ii) ongoing financing and re-financing risks, (iii) market risks as to the multiples offered by buyers of investment properties, (iv) risks related to the ongoing compliance with changing governmental regulation (including, without limitation, laws and regulations related to access, energy conservation and environmental matters), (v) relative illiquidity compared to some other types of assets, and (vi) susceptibility of assets to uninsurable risks, such as biological, chemical or nuclear terrorism, or risks that are subject to caps tied to the concentration of such assets in certain geographic areas, such as earthquakes. Furthermore, as our properties are typically developed around an entertainment use, the attractiveness of these properties to tenants, sources of finance and real estate investors will be influenced by market perceptions of the benefits and detriments of such entertainment-type properties. We may be subject to liability under environmental laws and regulations. We own and operate cinemas and other properties within the U.S. and internationally, which may be subject to various foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment or human health. Such environmental laws and regulations include those that impose liability for the investigation and remediation of spills or releases of hazardous materials. We may incur such liability, including for any currently or formerly owned, leased or operated property, or for any site, to which we may have disposed, or arranged for the disposal of, hazardous materials or wastes. Certain of these laws and regulations may impose liability, including on a joint and several liability, which can result in a liable party being obliged to pay for greater than its share, regardless of fault or the legality of the original disposal. Environmental conditions relating to our properties or operations could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations and cash flows. Legislative or regulatory initiatives related to global warming/climate change concerns may negatively impact our business. Recently, there has been an increasing focus and continuous debate on global climate change including increased attention from regulatory agencies and legislative bodies. This increased focus may lead to new initiatives directed at regulating an as yet unspecified array of environmental matters. Legislative, regulatory or other efforts in the U.S. to combat climate change could result in future increases in the cost of raw materials, taxes, transportation and utilities for our vendors and for us which would result in higher operating costs for the Company. Also, compliance by our cinemas and accompanying real estate with new and revised environmental, zoning, land-use or building codes, laws, rules or regulations, could have a material and adverse effect on our business. 

 - 26 - 

However, we are unable to predict at this time, the potential effects, if any, that any future environmental initiatives may have on our business. Changes in interest rates may increase our interest expense. Because a portion of our debt bears interest at variable rates, increases in interest rates could materially increase our interest expense. While much of our debt is fixed rate, approximately 177.7 million of our current debt will mature over the next twenty-four months and will require refinancing. We anticipate that we will not be able to refinance such maturing debt at current interest rates. Based on our debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022, if interest rates were to increase by 1 , the corresponding increase in interest expense on our variable rate debt would decrease future earnings and cash flows by approximately 2.7 million per year. Potential future increases in interest rates may therefore negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations and reduce our access to the debt or equity capital markets. Uncertainty relating to the likely phasing out of LIBOR may result in paying increased interest under our credit facilities. Some of our variable rate indebtedness uses LIBOR as a benchmark for establishing the rate. LIBOR is the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. On July 27, 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority announced that it intended to phase out LIBOR by the end of 2021. LIBOR is no longer used to price new loans, and existing finance structures which are based on LIBOR are expected to be transitioned by June 2023 when certain time-based LIBOR rates will no longer be published. On November 23, 2022, FCA announced a consultation on their proposal to require LIBOR s administrator, IBA, to continue to publish the 1-, 3- and 6-month US dollar LIBOR settings under an unrepresentative synthetic methodology until end-September 2024. After this, publication would cease permanently. These reforms and other pressures may cause LIBOR to disappear entirely or to perform differently than in the past. At this time, it is not possible to predict the effect that any discontinuance, modification or other reform of LIBOR or any other reference rate, or the establishment of alternative reference rates, may have on LIBOR, other benchmarks, or LIBOR-based debt instruments. However, the use of alternative reference rates or other reforms could cause the interest rates payable under our credit facilities to be substantially higher than we would otherwise have expected. 

 - 27 - 

International Business Risks Our Company transacts business in Australia and New Zealand and is subject to risks associated with changing foreign currency exchange rates. During year 2022, the Australian dollar and New Zealand dollar weakened against the U.S. dollar by 7.6 and 10.2 , respectively, compared to same time prior year. Our international operations are subject to a variety of risks, including the following: Currency Risk : while we report our earnings and net assets in U.S. dollars, substantial portions of our revenue and of our obligations are denominated in either Australian or New Zealand dollars. The value of these currencies can vary significantly compared to the U.S. dollar and compared to each other. We do not hedge the currency risk, but rather have relied upon the natural hedges that exist as a result of the fact that our film costs are typically fixed as a percentage of the box office, and our local operating costs and obligations are likewise typically denominated in local currencies. Set forth below is a chart of the exchange ratios between these three currencies since 1996: In recent periods, we have repaid intercompany debt and used the proceeds to fund capital investment in the United States. Accordingly, our debt levels in Australia are higher than they would have been if funds had not been returned for such purposes. On a company wide basis, this means that a reduction in the relative strength of the U.S. dollar versus the Australian Dollar and/or the New Zealand dollar would effectively raise the overall cost of our borrowing and capital and make it more expensive to return funds from the United States to Australia and New Zealand. As the impacts of COVID on our business operations in Australia and New Zealand have been less severe than on our operations in the U.S., we have been looking to our operations in Australia and New Zealand to fund our overall corporate general and administrative expense (most of which is resident in the U.S.). The current strength of the U.S. Dollar has diminished the value to our Company of our Australia and New Zealand cash flow. Risk of adverse government regulation : currently, we believe that relations between the United States, Australia, and New Zealand are good. However, no assurances can be given that these relationships will continue, and that Australia and New Zealand will not in the future seek to regulate more highly the business done by U.S. companies in their countries. Risk of adverse labor relations : deterioration in labor relations could lead to an increased cost of labor (including the cost of future government requirements with respect to scheduling, accommodation, pension liabilities, disability insurance and health coverage, vacations and leave). 

 - 28 - 

Trade disputes and geopolitical instability outside of the U.S. may adversely impact the U.S. and global economies. In 2022, global growth weakened, trade tensions heightened, and several emerging markets experienced significant downturns as macroeconomic and geopolitical developments weighed on market sentiments. Governmental policies of developed economies, such as the U.S., have a substantial effect on emerging markets, and the consequences of a trade war between two developed countries, like that of the U.S. and China, could further contribute to the adverse economic and political conditions of emerging and other developed economies. Additionally, North Korea s nuclear weapons capabilities, Chinese activities relative to the South China Sea, Taiwan, and Hong Kong, and the Russian invasion of Ukraine continue to be an ongoing security concern and worsening relations between the U.S. and North Korea, Russia and China continue to create a global security issue that may adversely affect international business and economic conditions. While it is difficult for us to predict the effect of such trade wars and heightened geopolitical and economic instability on our business, they could lead to currency devaluation, economic and political turmoil, market volatility, and a loss of consumer confidence in the broader U.S. economy. Risks Associated with Certain Discontinued Operations Certain of our subsidiaries were previously in industrial businesses. As a consequence, properties that are currently owned or may have in the past been owned, by these subsidiaries may prove to have environmental issues. Where we have knowledge of such environmental issues and are in a position to make an assessment as to our exposure, we have established what we believe to be appropriate reserves, but we are exposed to the risk that currently unknown problems may be discovered. These subsidiaries are also exposed to potential claims related to exposure of former employees to coal dust, asbestos, and other materials now considered to be, or which in the future may be found to be, carcinogenic or otherwise injurious to health. Operating, Financial Structure and Borrowing Risk Typically, we have negative working capital. As we invest our cash in new acquisitions and the development of our existing properties, we have negative working capital. This negative working capital is typical in the cinema exhibition industry because our short-term liabilities are in part financing our long-term assets instead of long-term liabilities financing short-term assets, as is the case in other industries such as manufacturing and distribution. Our short-term liabilities also include significant obligations related to our cinema leases. See Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements-- Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Operating Leases . We are subject to complex taxation, changes in tax rates, adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation and disagreements with tax authorities that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We are subject to many different forms of taxation in both the U.S. and in foreign jurisdictions where we operate, such as the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act signed into law in December 2017. The new laws are still evolving and require that we interpret the provisions of the law as we work to comply with them. The costs of compliance with these laws and regulations are high and are likely to increase in the future. Any failure on our part to comply with these laws and regulations can result in negative publicity and diversion of management s time and effort and may subject us to significant liabilities and other penalties. We have substantial short- to medium-term debt. Generally speaking, we have historically financed our operations through relatively short-term debt. No assurances can be given that we will be able to refinance this debt, or if we can, that the terms will be reasonable. However, as a counterbalance to this debt, we have certain unencumbered real property assets, which could be sold to pay debt or encumbered to assist in the refinancing of existing debt, if necessary. We have substantial lease liabilities. Most of our cinemas operate in leased facilities. These leases typically have cost of living or other rent adjustment features and require that we operate the properties as cinemas. The COVID-19 pandemic, increased competition from internet, streaming and cable-based entertainment, and changes in film distribution have adversely affect the ability of our cinema operating subsidiaries to meet these rental obligations. Even if our cinema exhibition business returns to pre-Pandemic levels and thereafter remains relatively constant, cinema level cash flow will likely be adversely affected unless we can increase our revenue sufficiently to offset increases in our rental liabilities. If our company suffers cybersecurity attacks, data security challenges or privacy incidents that result in security breaches, we could suffer a loss of sales, additional liability, reputational harm or other adverse consequences . The effective operation of our international businesses depends on our network infrastructure, computer systems, physical, virtual and/or cloud based, and software. Our information technology systems collect and process information provided by customers, employees and vendors. In addition, third-party vendors systems process ticketing for our theaters. These various information technology systems and the data stored within them are subject to penetration by cyber attackers. We utilize industry accepted security protocols to securely maintain and protect proprietary and confidential information. However, in spite of our best efforts, our information systems may fail to operate for a variety of technological or human reasons. An interruption or failure of our information technology systems and of those maintained by our third-party providers could adversely affect our business, liquidity or results of operations and result in increases in reputational risk, litigation or penalties. Furthermore, any such occurrence, if significant could require us to expend resources to remediate and 

 - 29 - 

upgrade information technology systems. Since 2015, we have annually procured cybersecurity insurance to protect against cybersecurity risks; however, we cannot provide any assurance regarding the adequacy of such insurance coverage. Our stock is thinly traded . Our stock is thinly traded, with an average daily volume in 2022 of only approximately 30,738.5 shares of Class A Stock. Our Class B Stock is very thinly traded with even less volume. This can result in significant volatility, as demand by buyers and sellers can easily get out of balance. Uninsured bank deposits may be at risk . We maintain cash in certain financial institution bank accounts in the United States, Australia, and New Zealand. In the United States, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insures accounts in the amount of 250,000 per depositor, per insured bank, for each account ownership category. At certain of our financial institutions, we have more than 250,000 on deposit and those amounts may not be insured in the event of a bank failure. Ownership and Management Structure, Corporate Governance, and Change of Control Risks As of December 31, 2022, according to a Schedule 13D/A filed on November 2, 2022 by Margaret Cotter (the Chair of our Board, Executive Vice President of our Company and sister of Ellen Cotter), Ellen Cotter (the Vice-Chair of our Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of our Company and sister of Margaret Cotter) and certain of their affiliates (the Cotter Schedule 13D/A ), such parties stated that in order to preserve the intent of James J. Cotter, Sr. (in establishing the Voting Trust referred to in the James J. Cotter Living Trust (the Trust )), Margaret Cotter has sole voting control over all of the Class B Stock of our Company in the Voting Trust, pursuant to the terms of a Settlement Agreement and related arrangements between Margaret Cotter and Ellen Cotter, the beneficial ownership of shares of Class B Stock owned by James J. Cotter, Sr. in the Trust or the Estate of James J. Cotter, Sr. (the Estate ), the following represented the beneficial ownership of Margaret Cotter and Ellen Cotter: Of 614,332.8 shares of Class B Stock owned by the Trust transferred directly to Margaret Cotter and Ellen Cotter as individuals, (i) Margaret Cotter has sole voting power over all 614,332.8 shares, (ii) Margaret Cotter has sole dispositive power over 307,166.4 shares of Class B Stock of the Company owned by the Trust transferred to Margaret Cotter directly (50 of the 614,332.8), and (iii) until they enter into a stockholders agreement, Margaret Cotter and Ellen Cotter have shared dispositive power over 307,166.4 (the remaining 50 of 614,332.8) Class B shares transferred to Ellen Cotter directly. Margaret Cotter has sole voting and dispositive power over 327,808 shares currently held by the Estate, to be transferred to a trust to be set up for the benefit of Margaret Cotter s children (the DMC Trust ), once formed, upon final administration of the Estate (at which point she will retain sole voting and dispositive power over them). Margaret Cotter has sole voting and dispositive power over the 81,774,2 shares currently held by the Trust, to be transferred to the DMC Trust once formed (at which point she will retain sole voting and dispositive power over them). Margaret Cotter and Ellen Cotter, as co-executors of the Estate, continue to have shared voting and dispositive power over 100,000 shares of Class B Stock currently held by the Estate and not otherwise allocated by the Settlement Agreement. As of the date hereof, Margaret Cotter also has sole voting and dispositive power over 35,100 shares of Class B Stock directly beneficially owned by her, and Ellen Cotter also has sole voting and dispositive over 50,000 shares of Class B Stock directly beneficially owned by her. As a result, Margaret Cotter beneficially owns 1,158,988 shares of Voting Stock, representing 69 of the outstanding Class B stock of the Company. For as long as Margaret Cotter continues to beneficially own 69 of the Class B Stock, Margaret Cotter will be able to unilaterally elect or remove all of the members of our Board of Directors and determine the outcome of all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, including matters involving mergers or other business combinations, the acquisition or disposition of assets, the incurrence of indebtedness, the issuance of any additional shares of common stock or other equity securities, related party transactions, and the payment of dividends on common stock. Margaret Cotter will also have the unilateral power to prevent or cause a change in control and could take other actions that might be desirable to her and/or other members of her family, but not to other stockholders. For as long as Margaret Cotter continues to beneficially own 69 of the Class B Stock, Margaret will have the power to sell the control of our Company to a purchaser or purchasers of her choosing without any approval of our Company s Board or any other stockholder. To the extent that the Margaret Cotter controls more than two-thirds of our outstanding Class B Stock, she will have the power under Nevada law at any time, with or without cause, to remove any one or more Directors (up to and including the entire Board of Directors) by written consent taken without a meeting of the stockholders. While controlling stockholders may owe certain fiduciary duties to our Company and/or minority stockholders, these duties are limited. No assurances can be given that Margaret Cotter, alone or in conjunction with Ellen Cotter, will not take action that, while beneficial to her and members of her family (including Ellen Cotter) and legally enforceable, would not necessarily be in the best interests of our Company and/or our stockholders generally. Margaret Cotter holds her beneficial ownership of 409,552 shares of our Class B Stock ultimately as the trustee of the DMC Trust, under which she owes fiduciary duties to her children which may conflict with her obligations as a controlling stockholder of our Company. 

 - 30 - 

Reference is made to the Cotter Schedule 13D/A for more detail information of the scope and extent of the holdings of Margaret Cotter and Ellen Cotter. Our Class A Stock is non-voting and accordingly our Class B Stock represents all of the voting power of our Company. We are a Controlled Company under applicable NASDAQ Regulations. As permitted by those Regulations, our Board has elected to opt-out of certain corporate governance rules applicable to non-controlled companies. Generally speaking, NASDAQ requires listed companies to meet certain minimum corporate governance provisions. However, a Controlled Company, such as we, may elect not to be governed by certain of these provisions. Our Board of Directors has elected to exempt our Company from requirements that (i) at least a majority of our Directors be independent and (ii) nominees to our Board of Directors be nominated by a committee comprised entirely of independent Directors or by a majority of our Company s independent Directors. Notwithstanding the determination by our Board of Directors to opt-out of these NASDAQ requirements, we believe that a majority of our Board of Directors and the entirety of our Compensation Committee are nevertheless currently comprised of independent Directors. As a practical matter, subject to her fiduciary duties as a controlling stockholder, Margaret Cotter controls the composition of our Board of Directors. We depend on key personnel for our current and future performance. Our current and future performance depends to a significant degree upon the continued contributions of our senior management team and other key personnel. The loss or unavailability to us of any member of our senior management team or a key employee could significantly harm us. We cannot assure you that we would be able to locate or employ qualified replacements for senior management or key employees on acceptable terms. Due to the uncertainty of our control situation, the ongoing availability of these employees and our ability to replace them is uncertain. Recent action by the Securities Exchange Commission with respect to the claw back of executive bonuses under certain circumstances may, in our view, put us at a competitive disadvantage compared to private companies in recruiting talented executives. Item 1B Unresolved Staff Com ments None. 

 - 31 - 

Item 2 Propert ies OPERATING PROPERTY As of December 31, 2022, we own fee interests across our two operating segments in approximately 728,000 square feet of income-producing properties (including certain properties principally occupied by our cinemas) as follows: Property Square Feet of Improvements (rental/ entertainment) (1) Percentage Leased (2) Net Book Value (3) (US Dollars in thousands) Reporting Segment Address United States 1. Cinemas 1,2,3 (4) 0 / 24,000 n/a 24,163 Cinema Exhibition 1003 Third Avenue, Manhattan, NY 2. Culver City Office 25,000 / 0 100 11,896 Real Estate 5995 Sepulveda Boulevard, Culver City, CA including a 72-space parking structure 3. Minetta Lane Theatre 0 / 9,000 n/a 2,255 Real Estate 18 Minetta Lane, Manhattan, NY 4. Orpheum Theatre 0 / 5,000 n/a 1,340 Real Estate 126 2nd Avenue, Manhattan, NY 5. 44 Union Square 73,000 / 0 99,614 Real Estate 44 Union Square E, New York, NY 10003 Australia 1. Newmarket Village 102,000 / 42,000 97 40,471 Cinema Exhibition / 400 Newmarket Road, Newmarket, QLD plus 588 parking spaces Real Estate 2. Newmarket Office 21,000 / 1,000 100 5,110 Real Estate 16-20 Edmondstone Street, Newmarket, QLD 3. Cannon Park (5) 105,000 / 28,000 92 19,219 Cinema Exhibition / Real Estate High Range Drive, Thuringowa, QLD 4. Belmont 15,000 / 45,000 100 4,989 Cinema Exhibition Knutsford Avenue and Fulham Street, Belmont, WA 5. York Street Office 9,000 / 0 93 1,454 Real Estate 98 York Street, South Melbourne, VIC 6. Maitland Cinema 0 / 22,000 n/a 772 Cinema Exhibition 9/1A Ken Tubman Drive, Maitland, NSW 7. Bundaberg Cinema 0 / 14,000 n/a 1,028 Cinema Exhibition 1 Johanna Boulevard, Bundaberg, QLD New Zealand 1. Courtenay Central (6) 54,000 / 60,000 9 8,254 Cinema Exhibition / 100 Courtenay Place, Wellington Plus, an additional 37,000 feet of land currently used as on-grade car parking where our multi-story car park once stood. Real Estate 24 Tory Street, Wellington (Parking) 2. Dunedin Cinema 0 / 25,000 n/a 5,101 Cinema Exhibition 33 The Octagon, Dunedin 3. Napier Cinema 12,000 / 18,000 100 1,564 Cinema Exhibition 154 Station Street, Napier 4. Rotorua Cinema 0 / 19,000 n/a 1,531 Cinema Exhibition 1281 Eruera Street, Rotorua TOTAL (7) 228,761 
 (1) Rental square footage refers to the amount of potential area available to be rented to third parties. A number of our real estate holdings include entertainment components rented to one or more of our subsidiaries at fair market rent. The rental area to such subsidiaries is noted under the entertainment square footage. (2) Represents the percentage of available rental square footage currently leased or licensed to third parties. (3) Refers to the net carrying value of the land and buildings of the property presented as Operating Property in our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022 (net of any impairments recorded). (4) Owned by a limited liability company in which we hold a 75 managing member interest. The remaining 25 is owned by Sutton Hill Capital, LLC SHC ), a company owned in equal parts by the Cotter Estate or the Cotter Estate and a third party. (5) Our Cannon Park City and Discount Centers are operated as a single ETC. (6) Our Courtenay Central parking structure has been demolished due to damage suffered as a result of an earthquake on November 14, 2016. For further information on the on-going development projects of these properties, refer to succeeding section Item 7 - Recent Developments. (7) This schedule does not include (i) our leasehold assets on cinemas under leased-facility model, (ii) those portions of the owned assets that are not income-producing or purely used for administrative purposes, and (iii) our assets on our legacy business principally in Pennsylvania. 

 - 32 - 

ENTERTAINMENT PROPERTIES As of December 31, 2022, we leased approximately 2,067,000 square feet of completed cinema space in the United States, Australia, and New Zealand as follows: Aggregate Square Footage Approximate Range of Remaining Lease Terms (including renewals) United States 942,000 2023 2052 Australia 901,000 2023 2066 New Zealand 224,000 2023 2051 
 In certain cases, we have long-term leases that we view more akin to real estate investments than cinema leases. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 90,000 square feet of space subject to such long-term leases, which are reported as part of our Cinema Exhibition segment, detailed as follows: Property Square Feet of Improvements (rental/ entertainment) (1) Percentage Leased (2) Net Book Value (3) (US Dollars in thousands) In United States Manville 0 / 46,000 n/a 9,353 In Australia Waurn Ponds 6,000 / 38,000 100 9,938 TOTAL 19,291 
 (1) Rental square footage refers to the amount of area available to be rented to third parties. A number of our real estate holdings include entertainment components rented to one or more of our subsidiaries at fair market rent. The rental area to such subsidiaries is noted under the entertainment square footage. (2) Represents the percentage of rental square footage currently leased to third parties. (3) Refers to the net carrying value of the leasehold property presented as Operating Property in our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022 (net of any impairments recorded). INVESTMENT AND DEVELOPMENT PROPERTY We are engaged in several investment and development projects relative to our currently undeveloped parcels of land. In addition, we are currently executing, or still pursuing to execute, our redevelopment plans on several of our existing developed properties to take them to their highest and best use. The following table summarizes our investment and development projects as of December 31, 2022 : Property Acreage Net Book Value (US Dollars in thousands) Status New Zealand Courtenay Central, Wellington 0.9 8,792 See Item 7 - Business Overview Recent Developments TOTAL 8,792 
 Some of our income producing properties and our investment and development properties carry various debt encumbrances based on their income streams and geographic locations. For an explanation of our debt and the associated security collateral please see Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements-- Note 12 Borrowings . EXECUTIVE AND ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICES In the United States, we occupy approximately 3,500 square feet at our Village East leasehold property in New York for administrative purposes and our principal executive offices. We occupy approximately 12,500 square feet of our Culver City office building for administrative purposes. The remainder of the building is leased to an unrelated third-party. In Australia, we own a 9,000 square foot office building in Melbourne, Australia, approximately 6,000 square feet of which serve as the administrative office for our Australian and New Zealand operations (the remainder being leased to an unrelated third party). We have approximately 4,800 square feet of office space located in our Courtenay Central ETC in Wellington, New Zealand, which is currently closed due to seismic concerns. This office space used to house our accounting personnel and certain IT and operational personnel who are working remotely in the meantime. OTHER PROPERTY INTERESTS AND INVESTMENTS We own the fee interests in various parcels related to our historic railroad operations, currently comprised of 201-acres principally in Pennsylvania. These are primarily vacant land. With the exception of certain properties located in Philadelphia (including the raised 

 - 33 - 

railroad bed near Center City, known as the Reading Viaduct), the properties are principally located in rural areas of Pennsylvania. These properties are unencumbered by any debt. Item 3 Legal Proceedi ngs The information required under Part I, Item 3 Legal Proceedings is incorporated by reference to the information contained in Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data on this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosu res Not Applicable. PART II Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities MARKET INFORMATION Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ under the symbols RDI (Class A Stock) and RDIB (Class B Stock). As of March 30, 2022, the approximate number of common stockholders of record was 359 for Class A Stock and 48, for Class B Stock. We have never declared a cash dividend on either class of our common stock, and we have no current plans to declare a dividend. 

 - 34 - 

Performance Graph The following line graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return on RDI s Class A Stock for the five-year period ended December 31, 2022 against the cumulative total return as calculated by the NASDAQ composite, a peer group of public companies engaged in the motion picture theater operator industry and a peer group of public companies engaged in the real estate operator industry. Measurement points are the last trading day for each of the five-years ended December 31, 2022. The graph assumes that 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 in our Class A Stock, the NASDAQ composite and the noted peer groups, and assumes reinvestment of any dividends. The stock price performance on the following graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. The following performance graph shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, nor shall this information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into a filing. Reading underperformed in 2022 compared to the market due to the COVID-19 pandemic and its aftermath, delayed releases of movies and/or movies going straight to streaming or PVOD, and a weakening foreign currency exchange rate. 

 - 35 - 

EQUITY COMPENSATION Please refer to Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data-Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 16 Share-Based Compensation and Share Repurchase Plans RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES None REPURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS None Item 6 Selected Financial D ata Part II, Item 6 is no longer required as the Company has adopted certain provisions within the amendments to Regulation S-K that eliminate Item 6. Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A This MD A should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 (Financial Statements and Supplementary Data). The foregoing discussions and analyses contain certain forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements included as a preface in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of this 2022 Form 10-K. 
 INDEX Page Our Business 37 Results of Operations 41 Business Segment Results 2022 vs. 2021 42 Non-Segment Results 2022 vs. 2021 48 Liquidity and Capital Resources 49 Contractual Obligations, Commitments and Contingencies 51 Financial Risk Management 51 Critical Accounting Estimates 52 

- 36 - 

OUR BUSINE SS Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic; Where have we been, and Where we go from here. We have discussed in some detail under the heading Business Description in Part I of this Report our views as to the impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic impact (some of which is going) on our business and, while not repeating that disclosure here, incorporate it by reference. As a general matter, the COVID-19 pandemic caused considerable economic instability all over the world and greatly affected our Company s global operations. But we have survived. We have preserved our people and our core assets. We are prepared to go forward. Beginning in March 2020, we shut down all of our cinemas and laid off substantially all of our U.S. cinema level personnel. This cut off virtually all of the revenues typically derived from such operations, but we continued to incur fixed costs, such as rent, insurance, property taxes and utilities. The result: significant negative cash flow. We were able to work out some relief with various of our landlords but, in most cases, this has simply deferred our liability for these fixed occupancy costs. The impact on our real estate operations was less dramatic, but still material. In 2021, we began to reopen our cinemas, but in many cases under strict operating guidelines, that typically did not allow us to recoup our costs of operations. Also, film availability was spotty, as major films were either diverted to streaming or video on demand or postponed to later release dates. Attendances were meager. Operating costs were adversely impacted by, among other things, stricter cleaning protocols which increased the time required to clean our theatres, thereby reducing the number of showtimes. On the real estate side, business began to return to normal in Australia and New Zealand. To address our negative operating cash flow situation, we significantly cut back our capital expenditures and monetized five non-core real estate assets generating a net profit from such sales of 93.3 million and, more importantly, net cash of 144.8 million. We selected assets that were primarily non-cash flowing, had values that were not adversely impacted by the pandemic and that, if retained, would have required significant capital investment to achieve any material increase in value. In the two cases where we monetized properties with cinemas, we were able to lease back the cinema component, and consequently, suffered no loss in our cinema count. We used the cash from these monetizations to pay down debt 59.1 million), and fund necessary capital expenditures 24.2 million). At December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 29.9 million. During 2022, our operations began to return to normal as health and safety restrictions loosened and as studio releases improved. Although cinema attendances are still below pre-pandemic levels, the industry box office results significantly rebounded in 2022, compared to the prior two years, as audiences embraced the shared community experience of movies on the big screen. The release of highly anticipated blockbuster films, such as Top Gun: Maverick, Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, Doctor Strange: In the Multiverse of Madness and Avatar: The Way of Water were among some of the highest grossing films since the start of the pandemic and have provided optimism for the cinema industry. None of our cinemas are currently closed due to COVID-19 or other diseases. Our cinema in Wellington, New Zealand remains closed due to seismic concerns pending the redevelopment of that ETC. However, we still have approximately 9.4 million in deferred occupancy costs that must be repaid. At the start of the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, various trading restrictions, some enforced by the government, affected many of our unrelated third-party tenants at our ETCs in Australia and New Zealand. Although there were varied trading restrictions, most of these properties remained open for business through the COVID-19 crisis. All of our tenants are currently open for business at our Australian and New Zealand properties (with the exception of one tenant in Australia completing new fit outs). M ost of the rentable retail portions of our Courtenay Central location in New Zealand continues to be closed due to seismic concerns, however, two tenants remain open and are trading. Our cash flow situation, and decision to look to internal resources rather than layer on junk debt or sell securities, has meant that we have had to sell assets, constrain our capital expenditures, and slow down our real estate development endeavors. With the impacts of COVID fading and with fewer disruptions to our global operations, we feel confident that the darkest days of the pandemic are behind us now. However, we have and will continue to experience into 2023, and most likely for the foreseeable future, adverse impacts on our cinema exhibition business as a result of the pandemic. Our anticipated plans for 2023 and beyond are discussed in greater detail below. 

 - 37 - 

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS Recent developments in our two business segments are discussed below. For an overview of our two business segments, including a breakdown of assets that we own and/or manage, please see Part I, Item 1 Our Business of this 2022 Form 10-K. Cinema Exhibition Key Performance Indicators A key performance indicator utilized by management is food and beverage Spend Per Patron SPP ). One of our strategic priorities has been to continue upgrading the food and beverage menu at several of our global cinemas. As of December 31, 2022, we have a total of 38 theater locations with an all-new upgraded food and beverage menu. We use SPP as a measure of our performance as compared to the performance of our competitors, as well as a measure of the performance of our food and beverage operations. While ultimately, the profitability of our food and beverage operations depends on a variety of factors, including labor cost and cost of goods sold, we think that this calculation is important to show how well we are doing on a top line basis. Cinema Additions The additions to our cinema portfolio during the 2020-2022 COVID years were as follows: Australia and New Zealand Traralgon, Victoria, Australia: On December 15, 2021, we opened a new state-of-the-art five-screen Reading Cinemas in Traralgon, Victoria. Millers Junction, Victoria, Australia: On June 16, 2021, we opened a new state-of-the-art six screen Reading Cinemas at the expanded Millers Junction Village featuring two TITAN LUXE auditoriums with DOLBY ATMOS immersive sound, luxury recliner seating in all auditoriums, and an enhanced F B offering. Jindalee, Queensland, Australia: On December 22, 2020, we opened a new state-of-the-art six-screen Reading Cinemas at Jindalee featuring a TITAN LUXE with DOLBY ATMOS immersive sound, luxury recliner seating in all auditoriums, and newly curated enhanced food and beverage offering. In addition, on January 13, 2023, we took over an existing 6-screen cinema in Armadale, Australia, a suburb of Perth in Western Australia. Upgrades to our Film Exhibition Technology and Theater Amenities Prior to COVID-19, we invested in both (i) the upgrading of our existing cinemas and (ii) the development of new cinemas to provide our customers with premium offerings, including state-of-the-art presentation (including sound, lounges, and bar service) and luxury recliner seating. As of December 31, 2022, all of the upgrades to our theater circuits film exhibition technology and amenities over the years are as summarized in the following table: Location Count Screen Count Screen Format Digital (all cinemas in our theater circuit) 62 505 IMAX 1 1 TITAN XC and LUXE 26 32 Dine-in Service Gold Lounge (AU/NZ) (1) 10 26 Premium (AU/NZ) (2) 16 41 Spotlight (U.S.) (3) 1 6 Upgraded Food Beverage menu (U.S.) (4) 18 n/a Premium Seating (features recliner seating) 31 190 Liquor Licenses in Use (5) 42 n/a 
 (1) Gold Lounge : This is our First Class Full Dine-in Service in our Australian and New Zealand cinemas, which includes an upgraded F B menu (with alcoholic beverages), luxury recliner seating features (intimate 25-50 seat cinemas) and waiter service. (2) Premium Service : This is our Business Class Dine-in Service in our Australian and New Zealand cinemas, which typically includes upgraded F B menu (some with alcoholic beverages) and may include luxury recliner seating features (less intimate 80-seat cinemas), but no waiter service. (3) Spotlight Service : Our first dine-in cinema concept in the U.S. at Reading Cinemas in Murrieta, California. Six of our 17 auditoriums at this cinema feature waiter service before the movie begins with a full F B menu, luxury recliner seating, and laser focus on customer service. Our Spotlight service has been temporarily suspended since the initial COVID-19 shutdown. 

 - 38 - 

(4) Upgraded Food Beverage Menu : Features an elevated F B menu including a menu of locally inspired and freshly prepared items that go beyond traditional concessions, which we have worked with former Food Network executives to create. The elevated menu also includes beer, wine and/or spirits at most of our locations. (5) Liquor Licenses: Licenses are applicable at each cinema location, rather than each cinema auditorium. As of December 31, 2022, we have pending applications for additional liquor licenses for five cinemas in the U.S, two in Australia, and one in New Zealand. As of today, we have received 3 of the 5 liquor licenses. United States Kapolei renovation: During the fourth quarter of 2021, we commenced the renovation of our Consolidated Theatre in Kapolei, in Western Oahu, Hawaii, which relaunched on March 3, 2022, with eight screens featuring recliner seating and a renovation of the lobby areas. As of the date of this 2022 Annual Report, we have converted 110 of our 228 U.S. auditoriums to luxury recliner seating. Australia and New Zealand Invercargill renovation : On July 25, 2022, we closed our Reading Cinemas in Invercargill, New Zealand for renovation. In conjunction with the development of a new shopping center, by the Invercargill city council, we renovated our Reading Cinemas to improve the lobby, add facilities for an elevated F B offer, convert one screen to electric recliner seats, and integrate the cinema foyer into the new state-of-art shopping center. The renovated Reading Cinema re-opened on November 24, 2022 in conjunction with the launch of the shopping center. Other Cinema Upgrades : During the three-year period 2020 to 2022, we improved four Reading Cinemas: Belmont, Charlestown, Sunbury, and Harbour Town in Australia. Plans for 2023 and Our Cinema Business By the end of 2023, we anticipate adding two new cinemas, totaling 13 screens, to our Australian cinema circuit. South City Square in Brisbane, QLD is an eight-screen complex, which will operate under the Angelika Film Center brand, and Busselton in Western Australia is a five-screen Reading Cinema. Both new cinema complexes are part of broader shopping center developments currently under construction. Each will be a state-of-the-art facility, with recliner seating and elevated food and beverage offerings (including alcoholic beverages). Each will open in a market which we believe is currently underserved. In addition, we recently took over an existing 6-screen cinema in Armadale, Australia, a suburb of Perth in Western Australia, previously operated by a competitor. We are proactively adjusting our operating, programming and marketing strategies to take into account the wide-ranging impacts of the pandemic. We want to grow our cinema-based business through a disciplined approach to renovations and new opportunities globally. Our focus with respect to new cinemas includes state-of-the-art projection and sound, luxury recliner seating, enhanced F B (typically including alcohol service), and typically at least one major TITAN-type presentation screen. Our focus is on providing best-in-class services and amenities that will differentiate us from in-home and mobile viewing options. We believe that a night at the movies should be a special and premium experience and, indeed, that it must be able to compete with the variety of options being offered to consumers through other platforms. To supplement the release schedule and improve overall seat occupancy percentages, our global programming teams will continue to create exclusive content programs or series to keep our audiences engaged with our brands. During 2023, we will continue to focus on the enhancement of our proprietary online ticketing capabilities and social media interfaces. These are intended to enhance the convenience of our offerings and to promote guest affinity with the experiences and products that we are offering. We will also be focusing on post-COVID-19 technology improvements and contactless experiences. Expanding our online capabilities, in the third quarter of 2020 and fourth quarter of 2021, respectively, we launched the online ordering of a full F B menu for our Angelika brand in the U.S. and launched a full F B menu for our Reading Cinemas in Australia and New Zealand. In December 2020 and December 2021, respectively, we launched our very own streaming service, Angelika Anywhere, in the U.S. and Australia, which is curated for film lovers of independent and foreign film, documentaries, and the more specialized movies from the major studios. Currently our US based website and mobile app have the function which allow guests to instantly book Private Watch Parties online and such function will be added to our Australia and New Zealand based website and mobile app by 2023. 2022 benefited from strong performers including Top Gun: Maverick , and ended the year strongly with Avatar: The Way Of Water , but only delivered three titles grossing over 1.0 billion also including Jurassic World Dominion . For 2023, cinema operators are more optimistic. The year will offer three Marvel titles, a new Indiana Jones , a new Mission: Impossible (with a Maverick-boosted Tom Cruise), a second Dune , the Hunger Games prequel plus the likes of Wonka , Super Mario Bros , Barbie and Christopher Nolan s Oppenheimer . 

 - 39 - 

Real Estate Through our various subsidiaries, we engage in the real estate business through the development, ownership, rental, or licensing to third parties of retail, commercial, and live theatre assets. Our real estate business creates long-term value for our stockholders through the continuous improvement and development of our investment and operating properties, including our ETCs. As of December 31, 2022, we own the fee interests in both of our live theatres in Manhattan, in 10 of our cinemas (as presented in the table under Cinema Exhibition Overview) and in two office buildings in which we maintain administrative offices. Strategic Asset Monetizations In 2021 we monetized four non-core real estate assets, consisting of approximately 202-acre raw land holdings in Coachella, California for 11.0 million , and as a 50 owner, we received 50 of the sale proceeds, or 5.3 million; our Royal George Theatre property in Chicago for 7.1 million; our Auburn/Redyard Center (including 114,000 square feet of undeveloped land) located in Auburn, New South Wales for 69.6 million (AU 90.0 million)(As part of the transaction, we entered into a lease with the purchaser to continue to operate the cinema at that location.); two industrial properties adjacent to the Auckland Airport in Manukau/Wiri in New Zealand, representing 70.4 acres, for 56.1 million (NZ 77.2 million); and our cinema building and land in Invercargill for 3.8 million (NZ 5.4 million). Value-creating Opportunities The implementation of most of our real estate development plans was delayed due to COVID-19 and the need to conserve capital. However, we continue to believe that our Company s strong real estate asset base can provide (i) increased financial security through the potential sale of certain non-core real estate assets or (ii) provide collateral for strategic re-financing, in each case to meet liquidity demands. We intend to continue to emphasize the prudent development of our real estate assets. However, we do not anticipate material investment in such properties in 2023, other than pre-development planning soft costs. United States: 44 Union Square Redevelopment (New York, N.Y.) We have made significant progress in the development of our 44 Union Square property in Manhattan. On January 27, 2022, we entered a long-term lease with Petco for the lower level, ground floor, and second floor of the building, representing 42 of the leasable area. While the tenant is still in the process of constructing tenant improvements, it is now in occupancy of the premises on a full rent paying basis. CBRE is currently engaged as our exclusive broker for the remaining space. While we cannot guarantee the successful leasing of the remaining space, our leasing team continues to actively pursue potential tenants. Sepulveda Office Building (Culver City, C.A.) On May 27, 2020, we leased on a multi-year basis the entire second floor of our office building in Culver City, California (approximately 12,000 usable square feet) to WWP Beauty (wwpinc.com), a global company with over 35 years of experience providing the cosmetics and personal care industries with a range of packaging needs. On the date of the lease, possession of the space was turned over to WWP Beauty, which was responsible for building out its space. This work was completed in October 2021. The tenant is currently in occupancy on a full rent paying basis. Minetta Lane Theatre (New York, N.Y. Prior to COVID-19, our theatre was used by Audible, to present plays featuring a limited cast of one or two characters and special live performance engagements on the Audible streaming service. Due to COVID-19, no shows were presented between March 2020 and October 8, 2021, the date on which public performances resumed, and during this period we provided certain abatements. Audible has resumed full operations at the theatre and extended its license arrangement with us through March 15, 2024. Orpheum Theatre (New York, N.Y.) Prior to COVID-19, our theatre was the home of STOMP. Due to COVID-19, no shows were presented between April 2020 and June 2021. Thereafter, performances were intermittent. During this period, we provided certain abatements. STOMP ultimately closed (after 30 years at our theatre) on January 8, 2023. Under our termination agreement with the producers of STOMP, we have certain rights to provide the New York City venue for any future production of that show. A new show, The Empire Strips Back , is anticipated to begin performances in May 2023. Cinemas 1,2,3 Redevelopment (New York, N.Y.) We have received the consent of the 25 minority member of the ownership entity for the redevelopment of the property. We continue to evaluate the potential to redevelop the property as a mixed-use property. As our negotiations with our neighbor for a joint development did not bear fruit and given the closure of our two cinemas in New York City s Upper East Side, we have determined to continue to operate this location as a cinema for at least the near term. All other redevelopment activity related to this location has been suspended, until we are able to develop a better understanding of the ongoing effects of COVID-19 on our assets and the market. 

 - 40 - 

Australia: Newmarket Village ETC, (Brisbane, Australia) We continue to work on the expansion and upgrading of our Newmarket Village ETC. The site includes a 23,000 square foot parcel adjacent to the center, improved with an office building. Over the next few years, we will be evaluating development options for this space. The center is currently 97 leased. Cannon Park ETC, (Queensland, Australia) W e acquired two adjoining properties in Townsville, Queensland, Australia comprising of approximately 9.4-acres in 2015. The total gross leasable area of the Cannon Park City Center and the Cannon Park Discount Center is 105,000 square feet. Our multiplex cinema is the anchor tenant at the Cannon Park City Center, which w e continue to work on and improve. This site is currently 92 leased. The Belmont Common, (Belmont, Perth, Australia): The total gross leasable area of the Belmont Common is 60,117 Sq ft. Our multiplex cinema is the anchor tenant with five third-party tenants and our Reading Cinemas, the site is currently 100 leased. New Zealand: Courtenay Central Redevelopment (Wellington, New Zealand) Damage from the 2016 Kaikoura earthquake necessitated demolition of our nine-story parking garage at the site, and unrelated seismic issues caused us to close major portions of the existing cinema and retail structure in early 2019. Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, our real estate team had developed a comprehensive plan featuring a variety of uses to complement and build upon the destination quality of the Courtenay Central location. Notwithstanding the COVID-19 pandemic, our real estate team is continuing to work with our consultants, tenants, potential tenants, and city representatives to advance our redevelopment plans for this property. Given the uncertainty surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic, we have no fixed time frame for the commencement of the redevelopment of this property. We believe that relatively recent developments, including the near completion of the future Takina Wellington Convention and Exhibition Center (wcec.co.nz), the capital s first premium conference and exhibition space, the loosening of certain height and density restrictions, and the lack of comparable building sites, have enhanced the value of the assemblage. However, New Zealand is currently experiencing increased demands for building materials and labor following Cyclone Gabrielle, which hit the nation on Feb 6, 2023, in addition to inflationary pressures, which may have a cooling effect on real estate development activities in that country. For a complete list of our principal properties, see Part I, Item 2 Properties under the heading Investment and Development Property. Corporate Matters Stock Repurchase Program On March 10, 2020, our Board of Directors authorized a 25.0 million increase to our 2017 stock repurchase program, bringing our total authorized repurchase amount remaining to 26.0 million, and extended the program to March 2, 2022 . Through December 31, 2022, we have repurchased 1,792,819 shares of Class A Non-Voting Common Stock at an average price of 13.39 per share (excluding transaction costs). No shares were purchased during the year ended December 31, 2022. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our overall liquidity, our stock repurchase program has and will likely continue to take a lower capital allocation priority for the foreseeable future. Board Compensation and Stock Options Committee Refer to Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements-- Note 16 Share-Based Compensation and Repurchase Plans for details regarding our Board, Executive and Employee stock-based remuneration programs. OVERALL RESULTS OF OPERATI ONS In this section, we discuss the results of our operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. For a discussion of the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, please refer to Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

 - 41 - 

The following table sets forth the overall results of operations for the three years ended December 31, 2022: Change - Favorable/ (Unfavorable) (Dollars in thousands) 2022 of Revenue 2021 of Revenue 2020 of Revenue 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 SEGMENT RESULTS Cinema exhibition operating income (loss) (11,716) (6) (18,637) (13) (45,056) (58) 37 59 Real estate operating income (loss) 506 (5,355) (4) (2,463) (3) >100 (>100) NON-SEGMENT RESULTS Depreciation and amortization expense (1,072) (1) (1,232) (1) (970) (1) 13 (27) General and administrative expense (16,201) (8) (16,569) (12) (12,824) (16) 2 (29) Interest expense, net (14,392) (7) (13,688) (10) (9,354) (12) (5) (46) Equity earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures 271 258 (449) (1) 5 >100 Gain (loss) on sale of assets (54) 92,219 66 (1) 100 >100 Other income (expense) 6,817 3 3,762 3 293 81 >100 Income (loss) before income taxes (35,841) (18) 40,758 29 (70,824) (91) (>100) >100 Income tax benefit (expense) (819) (5,944) (4) 4,967 6 86 (>100) Net income (loss) (36,660) (18) 34,814 25 (65,857) (85) (>100) >100 Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests (476) 2,893 2 (657) (1) (>100) >100 Net income (loss) attributable to Reading International, Inc. (36,184) (18) 31,921 23 (65,200) (84) (>100) >100 Basic earnings (loss) per share (1.64) 1.46 (3.00) (>100) >100 
 CONSOLIDATED RESULTS 2022 vs. 2021 Net Loss attributable to Reading International, Inc. was 36.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 68.1 million from a Net Income of 31.9 million for year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily due to (i) the one-time 92.3 million of gains on sales of assets related to the strategic monetization of our Coachella and Manukau landholdings, Royal George property, Auburn/Redyard Center, and Invercargill property in 2021 in response to the liquidity needs resulting primarily from closure of our cinemas due to the COVID-19 pandemic, (ii) the 2021 resolution of an insurance claim related to damage done by the Kaikoura earthquake. The decrease was offset by a (i) a 7.2 million improvements in our cinema segment operation results attributable to no COVID-19 business disruptions and better film product in 2022, (ii) a percentage rent revenue increase due to increase third party tenant trading performance, reduced vacancy rate and savings in external leasing commission due to our internal leasing programs (iii) 5.1 million decrease in income tax expense to 0.8 million, as a result of increased income tax in 2021 from the monetization of certain real estate assets, and (iv) the establishment of a 4.0 million expense accrual of the settlement of certain U.S. wage and hour claims in 2021. BUSINESS SEGMENT RESULT S 2022 vs. 2021 Presented below is the comparison of the segment operating income of our two business segments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively: 2022 2021 Change Favorable/ (Unfavorable) (Dollars in thousands) Cinema Real Estate Cinema Real Estate Cinema Real Estate Segment Revenues 191,321 16,817 126,812 12,763 51 32 Segment Operating Expenses Operating Expense (183,791) (8,947) (123,416) (10,106) (49) 11 Depreciation and amortization (13,351) (6,495) (14,422) (7,092) 7 8 General and administrative expense (4,346) (869) (7,611) (920) 43 6 Impairment of long-lived assets (1,549) - Total segment expenses (203,037) (16,311) (145,449) (18,118) (40) 10 Segment operating income (loss) (11,716) 506 (18,637) (5,355) 37 >100 Breakdown by country: United States (17,187) (3,640) (21,145) (5,083) 19 28 Australia 4,945 5,157 2,054 1,645 >100 >100 New Zealand 526 (1,011) 454 (1,917) 16 47 (11,716) 506 (18,637) (5,355) 37 >100 

- 42 - 

A discussion for each segment follows: Cinema Exhibition The following table details our Cinema Exhibition segment operating results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively: (Dollars in thousands) 2022 of Revenue 2021 of Revenue Inc/(Dec) 2022 vs. 2021 Favorable/ (Unfavorable) REVENUE United States Admission revenue 53,496 55 33,173 55 20,323 61 Food beverage revenue 33,859 35 20,832 35 13,027 63 Advertising and other revenue 9,729 10 5,882 10 3,847 65 97,084 100 59,887 100 37,197 62 Australia Admission revenue 48,734 61 33,485 61 15,249 46 Food beverage revenue 26,276 33 17,900 32 8,376 47 Advertising and other revenue 4,882 6 3,932 7 950 24 79,892 100 55,317 100 24,575 44 New Zealand Admission revenue 8,841 62 7,281 63 1,560 21 Food beverage revenue 4,728 33 3,641 31 1,087 30 Advertising and other revenue 777 5 686 6 91 13 14,346 100 11,608 100 2,738 24 Total revenue 191,322 100 126,812 100 64,510 51 OPERATING EXPENSE United States Film rent and advertising cost (29,975) (31) (17,299) (29) 12,676 (73) Food beverage cost (8,969) (9) (4,930) (8) 4,039 (82) Occupancy expense (24,792) (26) (21,546) (36) 3,246 (15) Other operating expense (39,043) (40) (23,636) (40) 15,407 (65) (102,779) (106) (67,411) (113) 35,368 (52) Australia Film rent and advertising cost (22,281) (28) (14,568) (26) 7,713 (53) Food beverage cost (5,404) (7) (3,989) (7) 1,415 (35) Occupancy expense (17,356) (22) (10,036) (18) 7,320 (73) Other operating expense (22,961) (29) (17,437) (32) 5,524 (32) (68,002) (84) (46,030) (84) 21,972 (48) New Zealand Film rent and advertising cost (3,991) (28) (3,220) (28) 771 (24) Food beverage cost (915) (6) (737) (6) 178 (24) Occupancy expense (3,141) (22) (1,957) (17) 1,184 (61) Other operating expense (4,964) (35) (4,061) (35) 903 (22) (13,011) (91) (9,975) (85) 3,036 (30) Total operating expense (183,792) (96) (123,416) (97) 60,376 (49) DEPRECIATION, AMORTIZATION, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSE United States Depreciation and amortization (7,194) (7) (7,300) (12) (106) 1 Impairment of long-lived assets (1,549) (2) 1,549 (>100) General and administrative expense (2,749) (3) (6,321) (11) (3,572) 57 (11,492) (12) (13,621) (23) (2,129) 16 Australia Depreciation and amortization (5,348) (7) (5,943) (11) (595) 10 General and administrative expense (1,597) (2) (1,290) (2) 307 (24) (6,945) (9) (7,233) (13) (288) 4 New Zealand Depreciation and amortization (809) (6) (1,179) (10) (370) 31 General and administrative expense (809) (6) (1,179) (10) (370) 31 Total depreciation, amortization, and general and administrative expense (19,246) (10) (22,033) (17) (2,787) 13 Total expenses (203,038) (106) (145,449) (115) 57,589 (40) OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) United States (17,187) (18) (21,145) (35) 3,958 19 Australia 4,945 6 2,054 4 2,891 >100 New Zealand 526 4 454 4 72 16 Total operating income (loss) (11,716) (6) (18,637) (15) 6,921 37 

- 43 - 

Cinema Exhibition The following table details our Cinema Exhibition segment operating results for the quarters ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively : (Dollars in thousands) 2022 of Revenue 2021 of Revenue Inc/(Dec) 2022 vs. 2021 Favorable/ (Unfavorable) REVENUE United States Admission revenue 13,681 56 14,846 57 (1,165) (8) Food beverage revenue 8,423 34 8,949 34 (526) (6) Advertising and other revenue 2,448 10 2,234 9 214 10 24,552 100 26,029 100 (1,477) (6) Australia Admission revenue 9,609 60 10,605 60 (996) (9) Food beverage revenue 5,269 32 5,837 33 (568) (10) Advertising and other revenue 1,217 8 1,255 7 (38) (3) 16,095 100 17,697 100 (1,602) (9) New Zealand Admission revenue 1,922 60 2,173 62 (251) (12) Food beverage revenue 1,082 34 1,102 31 (20) (2) Advertising and other revenue 195 6 231 7 (36) (16) 3,199 100 3,506 100 (307) (9) Total revenue 43,846 100 47,232 100 (3,386) (7) OPERATING EXPENSE United States Film rent and advertising cost (7,545) (31) (8,118) (31) (573) 7 Food beverage cost (2,417) (11) (2,086) (8) 331 (16) Occupancy expense (6,345) (26) (5,171) (20) 1,174 (23) Other operating expense (10,640) (43) (7,721) (30) 2,919 (38) (26,947) (110) (23,096) (89) 3,851 (17) Australia Film rent and advertising cost (4,454) (28) (5,120) (29) (666) 13 Food beverage cost (1,152) (7) (1,316) (7) (164) 12 Occupancy expense (4,091) (25) (2,532) (14) 1,559 (62) Other operating expense (5,617) (34) (5,352) (31) 265 (5) (15,314) (95) (14,320) (81) 994 (7) New Zealand Film rent and advertising cost (905) (28) (1,033) (29) (128) 12 Food beverage cost (216) (7) (226) (6) (10) 4 Occupancy expense (758) (24) (581) (17) 177 (30) Other operating expense (1,240) (39) (1,289) (37) (49) 4 (3,119) (98) (3,129) (89) (10) Total operating expense (45,380) (103) (40,545) (86) 4,835 (12) DEPRECIATION, AMORTIZATION, IMPAIRMENT AND GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSE United States Depreciation and amortization (1,821) (7) (1,862) (7) (41) 2 Impairment of long-lived assets General and administrative expense (628) (3) (634) (3) (6) 1 (2,449) (10) (2,496) (10) (47) 2 Australia Depreciation and amortization (1,314) (8) (1,500) (8) (186) 12 General and administrative expense (358) (2) (389) (2) (31) 8 (1,672) (10) (1,889) (11) (217) 11 New Zealand Depreciation and amortization (159) (5) (260) (7) (101) 39 General and administrative expense (159) (5) (260) (7) (101) 39 Total depreciation, amortization, impairment and general and administrative expense (4,280) (10) (4,645) (10) (365) 8 Total expenses (49,660) (113) (45,190) (96) 4,470 (10) OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) United States (4,844) (20) 437 2 (5,281) (>100) Australia (891) (6) 1,488 8 (2,379) (>100) New Zealand (79) (2) 117 3 (196) (>100) Total operating income (loss) (5,814) (13) 2,042 4 (7,856) (>100) 
 Cinema Exhibition Segment Operating Income Cinema exhibition segment operating loss decreased by 6.9 million, to a loss of 11.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021, primarily driven by a significant increase in total revenue. As the COVID-19 impacts have lessened, major movie studios released blockbuster movies, such as Top Gun: Maverick, Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, Doctor Strange: In the Multiverse of Madness, and Avatar: The Way of Water , have driven higher admissions and box office revenue. Cinema exhibition segment operating loss for the fourth quarter of 2022 was 5.8 million, a decrease of 7.9 million from an operating income of 2.0 million in the same time period of 2021 primarily attributable to: (i) a stronger movie slate in the fourth quarter of 2021, including the blockbuster hit, Spider-Man: No Way Home , (ii) occupancy expenses increase due to the resumption of 

 - 44 - 

intercompany cinema rent, which was abated in 2021, and (iii) Labor, Utilities and Food Beverage costs increasing due to minimum wage increases and inflation. Revenue Cinema revenue increased by 64.5 million, to 191.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022,compared to 2021. Our cinema circuit experienced a higher number of days in operation in 2022 when compared to the same period in the prior year. Fading COVID impacts led to no mandated closures and large gatherings began to see a resurgence. As a result, major studios started to release much stronger movies, such as Top Gun: Maverick, Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, Doctor Strange: In the Multiverse of Madness and Avatar: The Way of Water. The table below is the revenue breakdown, by country, for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively: (Dollars in thousands) 2022 of Revenue 2021 of Revenue 2022 vs. 2021 Favorable/ (Unfavorable) United States 97,084 51 59,887 47 62 Australia 79,892 42 55,317 44 44 New Zealand 14,346 7 11,608 9 24 Total Segment Revenues 191,322 100 126,812 100 51 
 Below are the changes in our cinema revenue by market: In the United States, cinema revenues increased by 37.2 million, to 97.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2021. As of December 31, 2022, 100 of our U.S. cinemas were open compared to 92 in 2021. In Australia, cinema revenues increased by 24.6 million, to 79.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2021. In New Zealand, cinema revenues increased by 2.7 million, to 14.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2021. For the quarter ended December 31, 2022, Cinema segment revenue decreased by 3.4 million against the fourth quarter of 2021, to 43.8 million, which was primarily attributable to a weaker film slate in 2022 vs 2021 when Spider-Man: No Way Home was released. This blockbuster movie was the highest grossing film of 2021 for our cinemas. Operating Expense Operating expense for the full year 2022 increased by 60.4 million, to 183.8 million when compared to 2021 due to higher film rent associated with increased ticket sales and the release of more major tentpole films, higher food beverage costs, and higher utility expenses, along with increased occupancy expenses . For the quarter ended December 31, 2022, operating expenses increased by 4.8 million, to 45.4 million when compared to the fourth quarter of 2021 due to increased intercompany rent abated in 2021 and other operating expense increases such as labor and utilities. Depreciation, Amortization, General and Administrative Expense Depreciation, amortization, general and administrative expense for the year-ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 2.8 million, to 19.2 million compared to 2021 primarily driven by the one-time 4.0 million accrual of the settlement of certain U.S. wage and hour claims in 2021, partially offset by 1.5 million impairment against certain cinema assets in 2022. 

 - 45 - 

Real Estate The following table details our Real Estate segment operating results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively: (Dollars in thousands) 2022 of Revenue 2021 of Revenue Inc/(Dec) 2022 vs. 2021 Favorable/ (Unfavorable) REVENUE United States Live theatre rental and ancillary income 1,729 57 1,349 70 380 28 Property rental income 1,308 43 577 30 731 >100 3,037 100 1,926 100 1,111 58 Australia Property rental income 12,246 100 9,855 100 2,391 24 New Zealand Property rental income 1,534 100 982 100 552 56 Total revenue 16,817 100 12,763 100 4,054 32 OPERATING EXPENSE United States Live theatre cost (727) (24) (541) (28) 186 (34) Property cost (1,288) (42) (1,282) (67) 6 Occupancy expense (982) (32) (1,415) (73) (433) 31 (2,997) (99) (3,238) (168) (241) 7 Australia Property cost (2,175) (18) (2,699) (27) (524) 19 Occupancy expense (2,057) (17) (2,251) (23) (194) 9 (4,232) (35) (4,950) (50) (718) 15 New Zealand Property cost (1,317) (86) (1,470) (150) (153) 10 Occupancy expense (401) (26) (448) (46) (47) 10 (1,718) (112) (1,918) (195) (200) 10 Total operating expense (8,947) (53) (10,106) (79) (1,159) 11 DEPRECIATION, AMORTIZATION, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSE United States Depreciation and amortization (2,985) (98) (3,059) (159) (74) 2 General and administrative expense (695) (23) (712) (37) (17) 2 (3,680) (121) (3,771) (196) (91) 2 Australia Depreciation and amortization (2,683) (22) (3,054) (31) (371) 12 General and administrative expense (174) (1) (206) (2) (32) 16 (2,857) (23) (3,260) (33) (403) 12 New Zealand Depreciation and amortization (827) (54) (979) (100) (152) 16 General and administrative expense (1) (2) (0) (2) 100 (827) (54) (981) (100) (154) 16 Total depreciation, amortization, and general and administrative expense (7,364) (44) (8,012) (63) (648) 8 Total expenses (16,311) (97) (18,118) (142) (1,807) 10 OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) United States (3,640) (120) (5,083) (264) 1,443 28 Australia 5,157 42 1,645 17 3,512 >100 New Zealand (1,011) (66) (1,917) (195) 906 47 Total operating income (loss) 506 3 (5,355) (42) 5,861 >100 

- 46 - 

Real Estate The following table details our Real Estate segment operating results for the quarters ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively: (Dollars in thousands) 2022 of Revenue 2021 of Revenue Inc/(Dec) 2022 vs. 2021 Favorable/ (Unfavorable) REVENUE United States Live theatre rental and ancillary income 386 31 567 81 (181) (32) Property rental income 863 69 130 19 733 >100 1,249 100 697 100 552 79 Australia Property rental income 2,910 100 1,855 100 1,055 57 New Zealand Property rental income 393 100 264 100 129 49 Total revenue 4,552 100 2,816 100 1,736 62 OPERATING EXPENSE United States Live theatre cost (196) (16) (167) (24) 29 (17) Property cost (394) (32) (275) (39) 119 (43) Occupancy expense (232) (19) (39) (6) 193 (>100) (822) (66) (481) (69) 341 (71) Australia Property cost (579) (20) (658) (35) (79) 12 Occupancy expense (516) (18) (548) (30) (32) 6 (1,095) (38) (1,206) (65) (111) 9 New Zealand Property cost (232) (59) (402) (152) (170) 42 Occupancy expense (83) (21) (115) (44) (32) 28 (315) (80) (517) (196) (202) 39 Total operating expense (2,232) (49) (2,204) (78) 28 (1) DEPRECIATION, AMORTIZATION, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSE United States Depreciation and amortization (742) (60) (822) (118) (80) 10 General and administrative expense (52) (4) (217) (32) (165) 76 (794) (65) (1,039) (149) (245) 24 Australia Depreciation and amortization (641) (22) (744) (40) (103) 14 General and administrative expense (62) (2) (42) (2) 20 (48) (703) (24) (786) (42) (83) 11 New Zealand Depreciation and amortization (192) (49) (232) (88) (40) 17 General and administrative expense (2) (1) (2) 100 (192) (49) (234) (89) (42) 18 Total depreciation, amortization, and general and administrative expense (1,689) (37) (2,059) (73) (370) 18 Total expenses (3,921) (86) (4,263) (151) (342) 8 OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) United States (367) (29) (823) (118) 456 55 Australia 1,112 38 (137) (7) 1,249 >100 New Zealand (114) (29) (487) (184) 373 77 Total operating income (loss) 631 14 (1,447) (51) 2,078 >100 
 Real Estate Segment Operating Income Real estate segment operating income was 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was an increase of 5.9 million from a loss of 5.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. These results reflect (i) an increase in intercompany rent income from some of our fee-interest cinemas, which was abated in 2021 (ii) reduced vacancy rate, (iii) an increase in percentage rent revenue due to increase in third party tenant sales, and (iv) our Live Theatres in New York City increasing in operating income during the year ended December 31, 2022 as both the Orpheum and Minetta Lane theatres were open and holding public performances for the full year 2022. Real estate segment operating income was 0.6 million for the quarter ended December 31, 2022, which was an increase of 2.1 million from a loss of 1.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. These results are due to (i) increased intercompany rent income from some of our fee-interest cinemas, which was abated in 2021, (ii) reduced vacancy rate, and (iii) an increase in a percentage rent revenue from third party tenant sales increase. 

 - 47 - 

Revenue The table below is the revenue breakdown by country for each year: (Dollars in thousands) 2022 of Revenue 2021 of Revenue 2022 vs. 2021 Favorable/ (Unfavorable) United States 3,037 18 1,926 15 58 Australia 12,246 73 9,855 77 24 New Zealand 1,534 9 982 8 56 Total Segment Revenues 16,817 100 12,763 100 32 
 Real estate revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, increased by 4.1 million, to 16.8 million compared to 2021. This increase is attributable to an increase in property rental income in all three countries primarily in Australia, our Live Theaters being open for the full year, as well as rent received from Petco, our new retail tenant at 44 Union Square offset by the lost income from the sale of our Auburn property. For the quarter ended December 31, 2022, real estate revenue increased by 1.7 million, to 4.6 million compared to the fourth quarter 2021. This increase is attributable to an increase in property rental income (both from interco and third-party percentage rent) in all three countries primarily in Australia and rent received from Petco, our new Union Square tenant starting in December 2022. Operating Expense Operating expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, decreased by 1.2 million, to 8.9 million when compared to the same period in 2021 due to (i) the weakening of the Australian dollar and New Zealand dollar against the U.S. dollar, and (ii) the reduction of costs related to the monetization of the Auburn property during 2021. NON-SEGMENT RES ULTS 2022 vs. 2021 For more information about the legal expense, please refer to Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements-- Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies . Income Tax Expense Income tax expense decreased by 5.1 million, to 0.8 million, when compared to 2021, mainly due to the increase in pretax income in 2021 as a result of the monetization of certain of our real estate assets. Please refer to Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements-- Note 11 Income Taxes for further information. 

 - 48 - 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOU RCES Our Financing Strategy Prior to the interruption to our revenues caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, we had used cash generated from operations and other excess cash to the extent not needed to fund capital investments contemplated by our business plan, to pay down our loans and credit facilities. This provided us with availability under our loan facilities for future use and thereby, reduced interest charges. On a periodic basis, we have reviewed the maturities of our borrowing arrangements and negotiated renewals and extensions where necessary. Our bank loans with Bank of America, NAB, and Westpac require that our Company comply with certain covenants. Furthermore, our Company s use of these loan funds is limited due to limitations on the expatriation of funds from Australia and New Zealand to the United States. We believe that our lenders understand that the current situation, relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, is not of our making, that we are doing everything that can reasonably be done, and that, generally speaking, our relationship with our lenders is good. Our Company remains focused on the various economic factors affecting us as the markets in which we operate emerge from the worst effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including financial, economic, competitive, regulatory, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. If our Company is unable to generate sufficient cash flow in the upcoming months or if its cash needs exceed our Company s borrowing capacity under its available facilities, we could be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as reducing, delaying or eliminating planned capital expenditures, selling additional assets, or restructuring debt. For more information about our borrowings, including loan modifications and modifications to waivers of certain covenants, please refer to Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements-- Note 12 Borrowings . The table below presents the changes in our total available resources (cash and borrowings), debt-to-equity ratio, working capital, and other relevant information addressing our liquidity for the last five years: in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 (2) Net Cash from Operating Activities (26,351) (13,498) (30,201) 24,607 32,644 Total Resources (cash and borrowings) Cash and cash equivalents (unrestricted) 29,947 83,251 26,826 12,135 13,127 Unused borrowing facility 12,000 12,000 15,490 73,920 85,886 Restricted for capital projects (1) 12,000 12,000 9,377 13,952 30,318 Unrestricted capacity 0 0 6,113 59,968 55,568 Total resources at 12/31 41,947 95,251 42,316 86,055 99,013 Total unrestricted resources at 12/31 29,947 83,251 32,939 72,103 68,695 Debt-to-Equity Ratio Total contractual facility 227,633 248,948 300,449 283,138 252,929 Total debt (gross of deferred financing costs) 215,633 236,948 284,959 209,218 167,043 Current 38,026 12,060 42,299 37,380 30,393 Non-current 177,607 224,888 242,660 171,838 136,650 Finance lease liabilities 28 68 118 209 Total book equity 63,279 105,060 81,173 139,616 179,979 Debt-to-equity ratio 3.41 2.26 3.51 1.50 0.93 Changes in Working Capital Working capital (deficit) (3) (74,152) (6,673) (64,140) (84,138) (56,047) Current ratio 0.39 0.94 0.47 0.24 0.35 Capital Expenditures (including acquisitions) 9,780 14,428 16,759 47,722 56,827 
 (1) This relates to the construction facilities specifically negotiated for 44 Union Square redevelopment project. (2) Certain 2018 balances included the restatement impact as a result of a prior period financial statement correction of immaterial errors (see Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements-- Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Prior Period Financial Statement Correction of Immaterial Errors ). (3) Typically, our working capital is reported as a deficit, as we receive revenue from our cinema business ahead of the time that we have to pay our associated liabilities. We use the money we receive to pay down our borrowings in the first instance. We manage our cash, investments, and capital structure to meet the short-term and long-term obligations of our business, while maintaining financial flexibility and liquidity. We forecast, analyze, and monitor our cash flows to enable investment and financing within the overall constraints of our financial strategy. Before the COVID-19 pandemic, our treasury management has been focused on aggressive cash management using cash balances to reduce debt and minimize interest expense. In the past, we used cash generated from operations and other excess cash to the extent not needed for any capital expenditures, to pay down our loans and credit facilities providing us some flexibility on our available loan facilities for future use and thereby, reducing interest charges. As a result of the 

 - 49 - 

COVID-19 pandemic, we chose to fully draw down on all of our available lines of credit in order to provide liquidity for the Company during a time of minimal revenues. Refer to Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements-- Note 12 Borrowings for further details on our various borrowing arrangements. On December 31, 2022, our consolidated cash and cash equivalents totaled 29.9 million. Of this amount, 24.0 million, 4.9 million and 1.1 million were held by our U.S., Australian and New Zealand operations, respectively. The funds held in Australia and New Zealand are, under our applicable bank lending arrangement, subject to limitations on their use outside of Australia or New Zealand as applicable. Due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, we no longer intend to indefinitely reinvest offshore any earnings derived from our Australian and New Zealand operations. We have historically funded our working capital requirements, capital expenditures and investments in individual properties primarily from a combination of internally generated cash flows and debt. During 2022 and into 2023 the need for such funding, apart from working capital, has been and will be substantially reduced, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The funding that has been required, has been funded predominantly from cost reductions, debt and strategic asset sales. As noted in the preceding table, we had no unused available unrestricted corporate credit facilities at December 31, 2022. The change in cash and cash equivalents for the three years ended December 31, 2022 is as follows: Change (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (26,351) (13,498) (30,200) (95) 55 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (9,486) 129,610 (18,771) (>100) >100 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (16,557) (50,280) 59,330 67 (>100) Impact of exchange rate on cash (1,198) (4,095) 4,333 71 (>100) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (53,592) 61,737 14,692 (>100) >100 
 Operating Activities 2022 vs. 2021 Cash used in operating activities for 2022 increased by 12.9 million, to cash used of 26.4 million, driven by a 26.1 million increase in net changes in operating assets and liabilities primarily resulting from taxes payable, accounts payable and film rent payable, offset by a 13.2 million decrease mainly attributed to improved cinema operating performance compared to the prior year period. Investing Activities 2022 vs. 2021 Cash used in investing activities during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, was 9.5 million. There was no repeat of the monetization of certain assets in the twelve months to December 31, 2021, which led to the raising of 129.6 million of cash from investing activities in this period. Financing Activities 2022 vs. 2021 Cash used in financing activities for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, decreased by 33.7 million, to 16.6 million due to prior year debt repayments . 

 - 50 - 

C ONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS, COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGEN CIES The following table provides information with respect to the future maturities and scheduled principal repayments of our recorded contractual obligations and certain of our commitments and contingencies, either recorded or off-balance sheet, as of December 31, 2022: (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Debt (1) 37,960 140,314 300 314 7,500 186,388 Operating leases, including imputed interest 33,690 32,307 30,334 28,372 26,020 137,553 288,276 Finance leases, including imputed interest 28 28 Subordinated debt (1) 747 586 27,913 29,246 Pension liability 684 684 684 684 684 402 3,822 Village East purchase option (2) 5,900 5,900 Estimated interest on debt (3) 15,618 7,568 2,697 2,682 1,193 29,759 Total 88,727 187,358 34,015 32,053 63,310 137,955 543,418 
 (1) Information is presented gross of deferred financing costs. (2) Represents the lease liability of the option associated with the ground lease purchase of the Village East Cinema. (3) Estimated interest on debt is based on the anticipated loan balances for future periods and current applicable interest rates. Please refer to Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements-- Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies for more information. Litigation We are currently involved in certain legal proceedings and, as required, have accrued estimates of probable and estimable losses for the resolution of these claims. Where we are the plaintiffs, we expense all legal fees on an ongoing basis and make no provision for any potential settlement amounts until received. In Australia, the prevailing party is usually entitled to recover its attorneys fees, which typically work out to be approximately 60 of the amounts actually spent where first-class legal counsel is engaged at customary rates. Where we are a plaintiff, we have likewise made no provision for the liability for the defendant s attorneys fees in the event we are determined not to be the prevailing party. Where we are the defendants, we accrue for probable damages that insurance may not cover as they become known and can be reasonably estimated. In our opinion, any claims and litigation in which we are currently involved are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. I t is possible, however, that future results of the operations for any particular quarterly or annual period could be materially affected by the ultimate outcome of the legal proceedings. Please refer to Part I, Item 3 Legal Proceedings for more information. There have been no material changes to our litigation, except as set forth in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements-- Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies . Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements There are no off-balance sheet arrangements or obligations (including contingent obligations) that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in the financial condition, revenue or expense, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEME NT Currency and Interest Rate Risk Our Company s objective in managing exposure to foreign currency and interest rate fluctuations is to reduce volatility of earnings and cash flows in order to allow management to focus on core business issues and challenges. Historically, we have managed our currency exposure by creating, whenever possible, natural hedges in Australia and New Zealand. This involves local country sourcing of goods and services, as well as borrowing in local currencies to match revenues and expenses. We have also historically paid management fees to the U.S. to cover a portion of our domestic overhead. The decrease in the value of the Australian and New Zealand currencies as compared to the U.S. dollar combined with the limitations under our bank loans in 

 - 51 - 

Australia and New Zealand to move funds into the U.S., however, have negatively impacted and are expected in 2023 to continue to negatively impact, our ability to rely on such funding for ongoing support of our domestic overhead. Our exposure to interest rate risk arises out of our long-term floating-rate borrowings. To manage the risk, we utilize interest rate derivative contracts to convert certain floating-rate borrowings into fixed-rate borrowings. It is our Company s policy to enter into interest rate derivative transactions only to the extent considered necessary to meet its objectives as stated above. Our Company does not enter into these transactions or any other hedging transactions for speculative purposes. We are currently facing additional risk as approximately 177.7 million of our current borrowings mature over the next 24 months. We believe it unlikely that we will be able to refinance this debt at their current interest rates. Inflation We continually monitor inflation and the effects of changing prices. Inflation increases the cost of goods and services used. Competitive conditions in many of our markets restrict our ability to recover fully the higher costs of acquired goods and services through price increases. We attempt to mitigate the impact of inflation by implementing continuous process improvement solutions to enhance productivity and efficiency and, as a result, lower costs and operating expenses. Inflation may also adversely impact the rent we pay for our leased cinemas, as many have cost of living adjustment features. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMA TES We believe that the application of the following accounting policies requires significant judgments and estimates in the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements and hence, are critical to our business operations and the understanding of our financial results: Impairment of Long-Lived Assets, Including Goodwill and Intangible Assets We review long-lived assets, including goodwill and intangibles, for impairment as part of our annual budgeting process, at the beginning of the fourth quarter, and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be fully recoverable. (i) Impairment of Long-lived Assets (other than Goodwill and Intangible Assets with indefinite lives) we evaluate our long-lived assets and finite-lived intangible assets using historical and projected data of cash flows as our primary indicator of potential impairment and we take into consideration the seasonality of our business. If the sum of the estimated, undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset, then an impairment is recognized for the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its estimated fair value based on an appraisal or a discounted cash flow calculation. For certain non-income producing properties or for those assets with no consistent historical or projected cash flows, we obtain appraisals or other evidence to evaluate whether there are impairment indicators for these assets. 1.5 million of impairment losses were recorded against certain cinema assets in the second quarter of the year ended December 31, 2022. No impairment losses were recorded for long-lived and finite-lived intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2021. 217,000 of impairment losses were recorded for long-lived and finite-lived intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2020, based on historical information and projected cash flow. (ii) Impairment of Goodwill and Intangible Assets with indefinite lives goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized, but instead, tested for impairment at least annually on a reporting unit basis. The impairment evaluation is based on the present value of estimated future cash flows of each reporting unit plus the expected terminal value. There are significant assumptions and estimates used in determining the future cash flows and terminal value. The most significant assumptions include our cost of debt and cost of equity assumptions that comprise the weighted average cost of capital for each reporting unit. Accordingly, actual results could vary materially from such estimates. No impairment losses were recorded for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. Tax Valuation Allowance and Deferred Taxes We record our estimated future tax benefits and liabilities arising from the temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and amounts reported in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, as well as operating loss carryforwards. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets in the jurisdiction from which they arise, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies, and results of recent operations. In projecting future taxable income, we begin with historical results and incorporate assumptions about the amount of future federal, state, and foreign pretax operating income adjusted for items that do not have tax consequences. The assumptions about future taxable income require the use of significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses. In evaluating the objective evidence that historical results provide, we consider 

 - 52 - 

three years of cumulative operating income (loss). As of December 31, 2022, we had recorded approximately 51.2 million of deferred tax assets (net of 54.7 million deferred tax liabilities) related to the temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and amounts reported in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, as well as operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards. These deferred tax assets were offset by a valuation allowance of 50.8 million resulting in a net deferred tax asset of 0.4 million. The recoverability of deferred tax assets is dependent upon our ability to generate future taxable income. Recognition of Gift Card Breakage Income Generally, our revenue recognition is not assessed as an area requiring significant judgment or estimation. Revenues from ticket and food and beverage sales are recognized when the service is provided that is when the show has commenced, or the food has been provided. Transaction fees from online sales are recorded at the time of the online transaction. In regard to our real estate business, we execute lease contracts for existing tenancies, but revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. In contrast, recognition of gift card breakage income requires certain estimates and judgements to be made in regarding the pattern of customer behavior at our cinemas. This policy is described in detail in the section Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements-- Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Accounting Changes . Contingencies For loss contingencies , we record any loss contingencies when there is a probable likelihood that the liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. For other contingencies , (i) for recoveries through an insurance claim, we record a recoverable asset (not to exceed the amount of the total losses incurred) only when the collectability of such claim is considered probable. To evaluate the probable collectability of an insurance claim, we consider communications with our insurance company. (ii) for gain contingencies resulting from legal settlements, we record those settlements in our consolidated statements of operations when cash or other forms of payments are received. Legal contingencies From time to time, we are involved with claims and lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of our business that may include contractual obligations, insurance claims, tax claims, employment matters, and anti-trust issues, among other matters. We provide accruals for matters that have probable likelihood of occurrence and can be properly estimated as to their expected negative outcome. We do not record expected gains until the proceeds (either in cash or other forms of payments) are received by us . Please refer to Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements-- Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies for more information on legal matters. For a summary of our significant accounting policies, including the critical accounting estimates discussed above, see Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements-- Note 2 . Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk The SEC requires that registrants include information about potential effects of changes in currency exchange and interest rates in their Form 10-K filings. Several alternatives, all with some limitations, have been offered. The following discussion is based on a sensitivity analysis, which models the effects of fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates. This analysis is constrained by several factors, including the following: it is based on a single point in time; and it does not include the effects of other complex market reactions that would arise from the changes modeled. Although the results of such an analysis may be useful as a benchmark, they should not be viewed as forecasts. At December 31, 2022, approximately 34 and 8 of our assets were invested in assets denominated in Australian dollars (Reading Australia) and New Zealand dollars (Reading New Zealand), respectively, including approximately 14.6) million in cash and cash equivalents. At December 31, 2021, approximately 40 and 11 of our assets were invested in assets denominated in Australian and New Zealand dollars, respectively, including approximately 51.8 million in cash and cash equivalents. 

 - 53 - 

Our policy in Australia and New Zealand is to match revenues and expenses, whenever possible, in local currencies. As a result, we have procured in local currencies a majority of our expenses in Australia and New Zealand. Despite this natural hedge, recent movements in foreign currencies have had an effect on our current earnings. The effect of the translation adjustment on our assets and liabilities noted in our other comprehensive income was an increase of 7.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. As we continue to progress our acquisition and development activities in Australia and New Zealand, no assurances can be given that the foreign currency effect on our earnings will not be material in the future. Historically, our policy has been to borrow in local currencies to finance the development and construction of our long-term assets in Australia, and New Zealand. As a result, the borrowings in local currencies have provided somewhat of a natural hedge against the foreign currency exchange exposure. Even so, and as a result of our issuance of fully subordinated Trust Preferred Securities in 2007, and their subsequent partial repayment, approximately 18 and 40 of our Australian and New Zealand assets, respectively, remain subject to such exposure, unless we elect to hedge our foreign currency exchange between the U.S. and Australian and New Zealand dollars. If the foreign currency rates were to fluctuate by 10 , the resulting change in Australian and New Zealand assets would result in an increase or decrease of 3.6 million and 2.0 million, respectively, and the change in our net income for the year would be 0.3 million and 0.0 million, respectively. Presently, we have no plans to hedge such exposure. With changes in the tax landscape caused by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, we may reconsider our strategy for financing operations and redevelopment projects in the three countries we are invested in, which may include increased borrowings from banks in higher-tax countries, and dividends to the U.S. from foreign subsidiaries, being mindful of withholding taxes on interest, and thin capitalization limitations on interest deduction in Australia and New Zealand. However, our ability to adopt such strategies will naturally be limited by our results of operation and the value of our assets in these various jurisdictions. We record unrealized foreign currency translation gains or losses that could materially affect our financial position. We have accumulated unrealized foreign currency translation gains of approximately 0.7) million and 6.8 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Historically, we maintained most of our cash and cash equivalent balances in short-term money market instruments with original maturities of three months or less. Due to the short-term nature of such investments, a change of 1 in short-term interest rates would not have a material effect on our financial condition. The negative spread between our borrowing costs and earned interest will exacerbate as we hold cash to provide a safety net to meet our expenses while some of our cinema operations remain closed and some of our tenant income curtailed. We have a combination of fixed and variable interest rate loans. In connection with our variable interest rate loans, a change of approximately 1 in short-term interest rates would have resulted in approximately 2.2 million increase or decrease in our 2022 interest expense. For further discussion on market risks, please refer to International Business Risks included in Item 1A Risk Factors . 

 - 54 - 

Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary D ata READING INTERNATIONAL, INC. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 56 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 57 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 58 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Years Ended December 31, 2022 59 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three Years Ended December 31, 2022 60 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Three Years Ended December 31, 2022 61 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Years Ended December 31, 2022 62 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 64 Note 1 Description of Business and Segment Reporting 64 Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 65 Note 3 Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic and Liquidity 74 Note 4 Earnings (Loss) Per Share 75 Note 5 Real Estate Transactions 76 Note 6 Properties and Equipment 78 Note 7 Leases 79 Note 8 Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 81 Note 9 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 82 Note 10 Prepaid and Other Assets 83 Note 11 Income Taxes 83 Note 12 Borrowings 86 Note 13 Pension and Other Liabilities 89 Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies 91 Note 15 Noncontrolling Interests 94 Note 16 Share-based Compensation and Repurchase Plans 94 Note 17 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 97 Note 18 Fair Value Measurements 98 Note 19 Hedge Accounting 99 Note 20 Related Parties 100 Note 21 Subsequent Events 102 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 103 

- 55 - 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORT ING Board of Directors and Stockholders Reading International, Inc. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, our management believes that the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective as of December 31, 2022. By: /s/ Ellen M. Cotter Ellen M. Cotter President and Chief Executive Officer March 31, 2023 By: /s/Gilbert Avanes Gilbert Avanes EVP, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer March 31, 2023 

- 56 - 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FI RM Board of Directors and Stockholders Reading International, Inc. Opinion on the financial statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Reading International, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule included under Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2011. March 31, 2023 

 - 57 - 

READING INTERNATIONAL, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (U.S. dollars in thousands, except share information) December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Receivables Inventories Derivative financial instruments - current portion Prepaid and other current assets Total Current Assets Operating properties, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Investment and development properties, net Investment in unconsolidated joint ventures Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets, net Derivative financial instruments - non-current portion Other assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Film rent payable Debt - current portion Subordinated debt - current portion Derivative financial instruments - current portion Taxes payable Deferred current revenue Operating lease liabilities - current portion Other current liabilities Total Current Liabilities Debt long-term portion Subordinated debt - non-current portion Noncurrent tax liabilities Operating lease liabilities - non-current portion Other non-current liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Stockholders Equity: Class A non-voting common shares, par value , shares authorized, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 Class B voting common shares, par value , shares authorized and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Nonvoting preferred shares, par value , shares authorized and issued or outstanding shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) Treasury shares, at cost Accumulated other comprehensive income Total Reading International, Inc. RDI Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Stockholders Equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 
 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 - 58 - 

READING INTERNATIONAL, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Years Ended December 31, 2022 (U.S. dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Cinema Real estate Total revenues Costs and expenses Cinema Real estate Depreciation and amortization General and administrative Impairment of long-lived assets Total costs and expenses Operating income (loss) Interest expense, net Gain (loss) on sale of assets Other income (expense) Income (loss) before income tax expense and equity earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures Equity earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures Income (loss) before income taxes Income tax benefit (expense) Net income (loss) Less: net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income (loss) attributable to Reading International, Inc. Basic earnings (loss) per share Diluted earnings (loss) per share Weighted average number of shares outstanding basic Weighted average number of shares outstanding diluted 
 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 - 59 - 

READING INTERNATIONAL, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three Years Ended December 31, 2022 (U.S. dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) Foreign currency translation gain (loss) Gain (loss) on cash flow hedges Others Comprehensive income (loss) Less: net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests Less: comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income (loss) 
 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements . 

 - 60 - 

READING INTERNATIONAL, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Three Years Ended December 31, 2022 (In thousands) Common Shares Retained Accumulated Reading Class A Class A Class B Class B Additional Earnings Other International Inc. Total Non-Voting Par Voting Par Paid-In (Accumulated Treasury Comprehensive Stockholders Noncontrolling Stockholders Shares Value Shares Value Capital Deficit) Shares Income/(Loss) Equity Interests Equity At January 1, 2020 Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income, net Share-based compensation expense Share repurchase plan Class A common stock issued for share-based bonuses and options exercised In-kind exchange of share for the exercise of options, net issued Restricted Stock Units Retirements Contributions from noncontrolling stockholders Distributions to noncontrolling stockholders At December 31, 2020 Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income, net Share-based compensation expense Share repurchase plan Class A common stock issued for share-based bonuses and options exercised In-kind exchange of share for the exercise of options, net issued Restricted Stock Units Retirements Contributions from noncontrolling stockholders Distributions to noncontrolling stockholders At December 31, 2021 Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income, net Share-based compensation expense Share repurchase plan Class A common stock issued for share-based bonuses and options exercised In-kind exchange of share for the exercise of options, net issued Restricted Stock Units Retirements Contributions from noncontrolling stockholders Distributions to noncontrolling stockholders At December 31, 2022 
 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 - 61 - 

READING INTERNATIONAL, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Years Ended December 31, 2022 (U.S. dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows from operating activities: Equity earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures Distributions of earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures Gain recognized on foreign currency transactions Net loss (gain) on sale of assets Amortization of operating leases Amortization of finance leases Change in operating lease liabilities Interest on hedged derivatives Change in net deferred tax assets Purchase of derivative instruments Depreciation and amortization Impairment of long-lived assets Other amortization Share-based compensation expense Net changes in operating assets and liabilities: Receivables Prepaid and other assets Payments for accrued pension Accounts payable and accrued expenses Film rent payable Taxes payable Deferred revenue and other liabilities Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Investing Activities Proceeds from sale of assets Purchases of and additions to operating and investment properties Contributions to unconsolidated joint ventures Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities Financing Activities Repayment of long-term borrowings Repayment of finance lease principal Proceeds from borrowings Capitalized borrowing costs Repurchase of Class A nonvoting common stock Proceeds (payments) from stock option exercises Noncontrolling interest contributions Noncontrolling interest distributions Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Effect of exchange rate on cash and restricted cash Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at the beginning of the year Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at the end of the year Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash consists of: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash 

- 62 - 

Supplemental Disclosures Interest paid Income taxes paid (refunded), net Non-Cash Transactions Lease make-good accrual Additions to long-term borrowings Additions to operating and investing properties through accrued expenses 
 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements . 

 - 63 - 

READING INTERNATIONAL, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statemen ts As of and for Three Years Ended December 31, 2022 ________________________________________________________________________________________________________ operating segments, as follows: (i) cinema exhibition and (ii) real estate. Each of these segments has discrete and separate financial information and for which operating results are evaluated regularly by our Chief Executive Officer, the chief operating decision-maker of the Company. As part of our real estate activities, we have historically held undeveloped land in urban and suburban centers in the United States, Australia, and New Zealand. However, in 2021, we monetized certain raw landholdings and other real estate assets as detailed at Note 5 Real Estate Transactions . The tables below summarize the results of operations for each of our business segments. Operating expense includes costs associated with the day-to-day operations of the cinemas and the management of rental properties, including our live theatre assets. Inter-segment revenue (1) Total segment revenue Operating expense Operating Expense - Third Party Inter-Segment Operating Expenses (1) Total of services and products (excluding depreciation and amortization) Depreciation and amortization Impairment of long-lived assets General and administrative expense Total operating expense Segment operating income (loss) 
 (1) Inter-segment Revenues and Operating Expense relates to the internal charge between the segments where the cinema operates within real estate owned within the group. A reconciliation of segment operating income to income before income taxes is as follows: Unallocated corporate expense: Depreciation and amortization expense General and administrative expense Interest expense, net Equity earnings (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures Gain (loss) on sale of assets Other (expense) income Income (loss) before income taxes 

- 64 - 

Real estate Corporate (1) Total assets By country: United States Australia New Zealand Total assets 
 (1) Corporate Assets includes cash and cash equivalents of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The following table sets forth our operating properties by country: Australia New Zealand Total operating property 
 The table below summarizes capital expenditures for the three years ended December 31, 2022: Corporate capital expenditures Total capital expenditures 
 interest and whose only assets are our leasehold cinema at Dubbo, Australia and our owned cinema at Townsville, Australia; Sutton Hill Properties, LLC SHP ), a company based in New York in which we own a interest and whose only asset is the fee interest in the Cinemas 1,2,3; and, Shadow View Land and Farming, LLC in which we own a controlling membership interest and whose only asset was a -acre land parcel in Coachella, California as of December 31, 2020. This land was sold in March 2021, and the company is now in the process of winding up. Our investment interests in certain joint venture arrangements, for which we own between to and for which we have no control over the operations, are accounted for as unconsolidated joint ventures, and hence, recorded in the consolidated financial statements under the equity method. These investment interests include our: undivided interest in the unincorporated joint venture that owns the Mt. Gravatt cinema in a suburb of Brisbane, Australia; undivided interest in the unincorporated joint venture that owns Rialto Cinemas in New Zealand. 

 - 65 - 

- 66 - 

million and million, respectively. . As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, we had favorable derivative positions designated as accounting hedges of and , respectively. With regards to accounting hedges, the Company has elected, by reference to certain practical expedients contained within ASC 848 Reference Rate Reform , to continue the method of assessing effectiveness as documented in the original hedge, so that the reference rate on the hypothetical derivative matches the reference rate on the hedging instrument. In addition, the Company has elected the expedient permitting the assertion of probability of the hedged interest payments regardless of any expected modification in the terms related to reference rate reform. business segments, cinema exhibition and real estate. Buildings and improvements, leasehold improvements, fixtures and equipment are initially recorded at the lower of cost or fair market value and depreciated over the useful lives of the related assets. Land is not depreciated. Expenditures relating to renovations, betterments or improvements to existing assets are capitalized if they improve or extend the lives of the respective assets and/or provide long-term future net cash inflows, including the potential for cost savings. Depreciation and amortization are provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The estimated useful lives are generally as follows: years Leasehold improvements Shorter of the lease term or useful life of the improvement Theater equipment years Furniture and fixtures years 

- 67 - 

million of impairment losses against long-lived and finite-lived intangible assets in the second half of 2022. This impairment was recorded against cinemas whose performance had not improved commensurate to the rest of our portfolio. No further impairment losses were recorded in 2022. No impairment losses were recorded for long-lived and finite-lived intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2022, based on historical information and projected cash flow. of impairment losses were recorded for long-lived and finite-lived intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2020. (ii) Impairment of Goodwill and Intangible Assets with indefinite lives goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized, but instead, tested for impairment at least annually on a reporting unit basis. The impairment evaluation is based on the present value of estimated future cash flows of the reporting unit plus the expected terminal value. There are significant assumptions and estimates used in determining the future cash flows and terminal value. The most significant assumptions include our cost of debt and cost of equity assumptions that comprise the weighted average cost of capital for each reporting unit. Accordingly, actual results could vary materially from such estimates. impairment losses were recorded for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for the three years ended December 31, 2022. For a detailed discussion of our impairment assessments, refer to Note 3 Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic on Liquidity . 
 
 - 68 - 

million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 - 69 - 

, million and , respectively. New Zealand Dollar Average Rate Australian Dollar New Zealand Dollar 

- 70 - 

million (AU million) in Australia and (NZ in New Zealand, respectively. In the year to December 31, 2020, we received subsidies totaling million (AU million) and million (NZ million) in Australia and New Zealand, respectively. 
 
 - 71 - 

- 72 - 

- 73 - 

million, compared to million in 2019. 2022 saw the first year of trading since 2020 with no cinema closures or operating restrictions on our cinemas or real estate tenants. These improving business conditions contributed to an increase in total revenues to million, however, still approximately below the 2019 pre-pandemic level. Cinema Segment Ongoing Impact COVID-19 continues to impact the profitability of our cinema operating segment. Film production backlogs, and competition from streaming platforms contributed to a lower number of major studio movie releases in 2022. Accordingly, our industry is still in its recovery phase. These factors are beyond our control. We are subject to increasing costs related to film licensing, inventory, labor and utilities, and many of our U.S. cinemas are obligated to repay rent deferrals to our landlords as negotiated in 2020-2022. In addition, some of our cinemas are facing automatic rent increases. Cost-reduction efforts in our cinema operating segment continue, including, but not limited to, restricting utilities and essential operating expenditures to the minimum levels necessary, reducing employment costs, and minimizing capital outlays. We continue to work with our landlords to manage our rent obligations. We are prepared to terminate cinema leases where their long-term profitability is in sufficient doubt. Our Real Estate operating segment has been less impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and is generating near-to-expected cash flows. Going Concern We continue to evaluate the going concern assertion required by ASC 205-40 Going Concern as it relates to our Company. The evaluation of the going concern assertion involves firstly considering whether it is probable that our Company has sufficient resources, as at the issue date of the financial statements, to meet its obligations as they fall due for twelve months following the issue date. Should it be probable that there are not sufficient resources, we must determine whether it is probable that our plans will mitigate the consequential going concern substantial doubt. Our evaluation is informed by current liquidity positions, debt obligations, cash flow estimates, known capital and other expenditure requirements and commitments and our current business plan and strategies. Our Company s business plan - two businesses (real estate and cinema) in three countries (Australia, New Zealand and the U.S.) - has served us well since the onset of COVID-19 and is key to management s overall evaluation of ASC 205-40 Going Concern . We have million of debt due in the twelve months from the issue of this Form 10-K. million of this debt is due on July 3, 2023. As at December 31, 2022, we have cash of million and negative working capital of million. In order to alleviate doubt that our Company will be able to generate sufficient cash flows for the coming twelve-months, these loans need to be refinanced and our revenues and net income need to improve. We believe that is probable that these loans will be extended on terms acceptable to us. Prior to the issuance of the Form 10-K, we extended our Bank of America facility on March 30, 2023 to September 4, 2024. Valley National extended its loan from April 1, 2023 to July 3, 2023 to allow additional time to complete refinancing, for which a term sheet is in place. We believe that we have sufficient time to address our Santander million) and our Westpac million) facilities, due in the fourth quarter of 2023 and the first quarter of 2024 respectively. We believe that the global cinema industry will continue to recover in 2023 and 2024. This belief underpins our forecasts and cash flow projections. Our forecasts rely upon, among other things, the current industry movie release schedule, which demonstrates an increased number of movies from the major studios and other distributors and an improvement in the quality of the movie titles, and the public s demonstrable desire to attend movies in a theatrical environment. These named factors are both out of Management s control and are material, individually and in the aggregate, to the realization of Management s forecasts and expectations. In the event that our forecasts and cash flow estimates, and our reasonable refinancing expectations, do not come to fruition to the extent needed to provide sufficient funding, we are willing and able to pursue additional asset monetizations. In 2021, we demonstrated our ability to complete such real estate transactions. In conclusion, as of the date of issuance of these financial statements, based on our evaluation of ASC 205-40 Going Concern and the current conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, and our various plans for enhancing liquidity and the extent to which those plans are progressing, we conclude that our plans are probable of being implemented and that they alleviate the substantial doubt about our Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Impairment Considerations Our Company considers that the events and factors described above continue to constitute impairment indicators under ASC 360 Property, Plant and Equipment . At December 31, 2022, our Company performed a quantitative recoverability test of the carrying values of all its asset groups. Our Company estimated the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of these asset groups and found that no impairment charge was necessary in addition to the million impairment charge taken during Q2 2022. This was due to our improved financial performance at the asset group level, and our more favorable expectations for future trading. 

 - 74 - 
 
 Denominator: Weighted average shares of common stock basic Weighted average dilutive impact of stock-based awards Weighted average shares of common stock diluted Basic earnings (loss) per share Diluted earnings (loss) per share Awards excluded from diluted earnings (loss) per share 
 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2020, were excluded from the computation of dilutive shares, as they were anti-dilutive because of the net loss from continuing operations. 

 - 75 - 

acres of this property was non-income producing land. This disposal group, which consisted of land, the ETC building and related property, plant and equipment, was transferred to Land and Property Held for Sale at its book value of million (AU million), being the lower of cost and fair value less costs to sell. adjustments to the book value of the assets contained within this disposal group were required. The sale of Auburn/Redyard was completed on June 9, 2021, for million (AU million). As part of the transaction, we entered into a lease with the purchaser for the cinema portion of the Auburn/Redyard site. The gain on sale of this property is calculated as follows: Net book value Gain on sale, gross of direct costs Direct sale costs incurred Gain on sale, net of direct costs 
 Manukau, New Zealand In December 2020, we classified our non-income producing land at Manukau, New Zealand, as held for sale. This disposal group, which consisted of land and certain improvements to that land, was transferred to Land Held for Sale at its book value of million, being the lower of cost and fair value less costs to sell. adjustments to the book value of this asset were required. The sale of this land was completed on March 4, 2021, for million (NZ million), of which NZ million was received on February 23, 2021, and the balance of funds was received on March 4, 2021. The gain on sale of this property is calculated as follows: Net book value Gain on sale, gross of direct costs Direct sale costs incurred Gain on sale, net of direct costs 

- 76 - 

Coachella, California In December 2020, we classified the non-income producing land at Coachella (held through Shadow View Land and Farming LLC) as held for sale. This disposal group, which consisted of land and certain improvements to that land, was transferred to Land and Property Held for Sale at its book value of million, being the lower of cost and fair value less costs to sell. adjustments to the book value of this asset were required. The sale of this land was completed on March 5, 2021 for million. As a member in Shadow View Land and Farming LLC, our Company received the benefit of of the sale proceeds, being million. As the other member was Estate of James J. Cotter, Sr., t hese actions were approved by our Audit and Conflicts Committee. The gain on sale of this property, including both our interests and those of the other owner of Shadow View Land and Farming, LLC, is calculated as follows: Net book value Gain on sale, gross of direct costs Direct sale costs incurred Gain on sale, net of direct costs 
 Royal George Theatre, Chicago In February 2021, we classified our Royal George Theatre as held for sale as part of our strategy to monetize certain real estate assets. This disposal group, which consisted of the Royal George Theatre building and the associated property, plant and equipment, was transferred to Land and Property Held for Sale at its book value of million, being the lower of cost and fair value less costs to sell. adjustments to the book value of the assets contained within this disposal group were required. On June 30, 2021, we received net sale proceeds of million (net of closing costs). The gain on sale of this property is calculated as follows: Net book value Gain on sale, gross of direct costs Direct sale costs incurred Gain on sale, net of direct costs 
 Invercargill, New Zealand On August 30, 2021, we monetized our cinema building and land in Invercargill for million (NZ million) to the owner of the adjacent property. This property, not then classified as held for sale, was monetized in a transaction whereby the purchaser leased back the Reading Cinema to our company. The gain on sale on this property is calculated as follows: Net book value Gain on sale, gross of direct costs Direct sale costs incurred Gain on sale, net of direct costs 

- 77 - 

Real Estate Acquisitions Exercise of Option to Acquire Ground Lessee s Interest in Ground Lease and Improvements Constituting the Village East Cinema On August 28, 2019, we exercised our option to acquire the ground lessee s interest in the -year ground lease underlying and the real property assets constituent with our Village East Cinema in Manhattan. The purchase price under the option is million. The transaction is expected to close on July 1, 2024. Further information is at Note 20 Related Parties . Building and improvements Leasehold improvements Fixtures and equipment Construction-in-progress Total cost Less: accumulated depreciation Operating Properties, net 
 Of our total operating properties as disclosed above, the gross and carrying amounts of the portion of our properties currently on lease or held for leasing as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: Less: Accumulated depreciation Net Book Value 
 Depreciation expense for operating property was million, million, and million for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Investment and Development Property Investment and development property is summarized as follows: Construction-in-progress (including capitalized interest) Investment and development property, net 
 We did t capitalize any interest charges for the years ended December 31, 2022 our December 31, 2021, pertaining to our on-going development projects. 

 - 78 - 

to years, with certain leases having options to extend to up to a further years. Contracts are analyzed in accordance with the criteria set out in ASC 842 to determine if there is a lease present. For contracts that contain an operating lease, we account for the lease component and the non-lease component together as a single component. For contracts that contain a finance lease we account for the lease component and the non-lease component separately in accordance with ASC 842. In leases where we are the lessee, we recognize a right of use asset and lease liability at lease commencement, which is measured by discounting lease payments using an incremental borrowing rate applicable to the relevant country and term of the lease as the discount rate. Subsequent amortization of the right of use asset and accretion of the lease liability for an operating lease is recognized as a single lease cost, on a straight-line basis, over the term of the lease. Lease term includes option periods where we determine that we are reasonably certain to be exercising those options. A finance lease right-of-use asset is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the lesser of the useful life of the leased asset or the lease term. Interest on each finance lease liability is determined as the amount that results in a constant periodic discount rate on the remaining balance of the liability. Property taxes and other non-lease costs are accounted for on an accrual basis. Lease payments for our cinema operating leases consist of fixed base rent, and for certain leases, variable lease payments consisting of contracted percentages of revenue, changes in the relevant CPI, and/or other contracted financial metrics. As a result of the impacts of COVID-19, we have obtained certain concessions from our landlords. We have elected to account for these concessions as if there have been no changes to the underlying contracts, thereby recognizing abatements secured as variable lease expenses, and increasing payables for lease payment deferrals. The components of lease expense are as follows: Interest on lease liabilities Operating lease cost Variable lease cost Total lease cost 

- 79 - 

Operating cash flows for operating leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases is as follows: Operating lease liabilities - current portion Operating lease liabilities - non-current portion Total operating lease liabilities Finance leases Property plant and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation Property plant and equipment, net Other current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total finance lease liabilities Other information Weighted-average remaining lease term - finance leases Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases Weighted-average discount rate - finance leases Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 
 The Maturities of our leases were as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest Total 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have additional operating leases, primarily for cinemas, that have not yet commenced of approximately million. It is anticipated that these operating leases will commence in 2023 with lease terms of to years. As Lessor We have entered into various leases as a lessor for our owned real estate properties. These leases vary in length between and years, with certain leases containing options to extend at the behest of the applicable tenants. Lease components consist of fixed base rent, and for certain leases, variable lease payments consisting of contracted percentages of revenue, changes in the relevant CPI, and/or other contracted financial metrics. None of our leases grant any right to the tenant to purchase the underlying asset. 
 
 - 80 - 

Variable lease payments Total lease income 
 The book value of underlying assets under operating leases from owned assets was as follows: Accumulated depreciation Net Book Value 
 The Maturity of our leases were as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Rialto Cinemas Total Joint Ventures 
 Our recorded share of equity earnings (losses) from our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures are as follows: Rialto Cinemas Total equity earnings 

- 81 - 

interest in Mt. Gravatt, an unincorporated joint venture that owns and operates a -screen multiplex cinema in Australia. Rialto Cinemas We own an undivided interest in the assets and liabilities of the Rialto Entertainment joint venture that owns and operates (2) movie theaters, with screens in New Zealand. Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at December 31, 2021 Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at December 31, 2022 
 The Company is required to test goodwill and other intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis and, if current events or circumstances require, on an interim basis. To test the impairment of goodwill, the Company compares the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount, including the goodwill, to determine if there is potential goodwill impairment. A reporting unit is generally one level below the operating segment. The most recent annual assessment occurred in the fourth quarter of 2022. The assessment results, as described at Note 3 Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic and Liquidity , indicated that there is impairment to our goodwill as of December 31, 2022. The tables below summarize intangible assets other than goodwill: Less: accumulated amortization Less: impairment charges Net intangible assets other than goodwill 
 December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Beneficial Leases Trade Name Other Intangible Assets Total Gross carrying amount Less: accumulated amortization Less: impairment charges Net intangible assets other than goodwill 
 Beneficial leases relate to our operations as lessor. Trade names are amortized using an accelerated amortization method over an estimated useful life of years, and other intangible assets over their estimated useful life of up to years (except for transferrable liquor licenses, which are indefinite-lived assets, with a balance of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021). For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, our amortization expense was million, million, and million, respectively. 

 - 82 - 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future amortization expense 
 Prepaid taxes Income taxes receivable Prepaid rent Deposits Interest receivable Investments in marketable securities Total prepaid and other current assets Other non-current assets Other non-cinema and non-rental real estate assets Investment in Reading International Trust I Straight-line rent asset Long-term deposits Total non-current assets) Foreign Income (loss) before income taxes and equity earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures Equity earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures : United States Foreign Income (loss) before income taxes 

- 83 - 

Significant components of the provision for income taxes are as follows: State Foreign Total Deferred income tax expense (benefit) Federal State Foreign Total Total income tax expense (benefit) 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes, adjusted by the relevant tax rate. The components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: Foreign Tax Credit Compensation and employee benefits Deferred revenue Accrued expenses Lease obligations Land and property Total Deferred Tax Assets Deferred Tax Liabilities: Lease liabilities Accrued taxes Intangibles Other Total Deferred Tax Liabilities Net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance Valuation allowance Net deferred tax asset 
 We record net deferred tax assets to the extent we believe these assets will more-likely-than-not be realized. In making such determination, we considered all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent financial performance. As of December 31, 2022, based on all available evidence, we believe the U.S. and state deferred tax assets do not support a conclusion of being more-likely-than-not to be realized. Accordingly, we recorded an increase to valuation allowance of million. We reassess the valuation allowance quarterly and a tax benefit is recorded if future evidence allows for a partial or full release of the valuation allowance. As of December 31, 2022, we had the following carry-forwards: approximately million in Federal loss carry-forwards with no expiration date; approximately million in California loss carry-forwards expiring in 2042; approximately million in Hawaii loss carry-forwards expiring in 2042; approximately million in New Jersey state loss carry-forwards expiring in 2042; approximately million in New York state loss carry-forwards substantially expiring in 2036; approximately million in New York city loss carry-forwards substantially expiring in 2036; and, We expect no substantial limitations on the future use of U.S. loss carry-forwards. 
 
 - 84 - 
 
 Increase (decrease) in tax expense resulting from: Foreign tax rate differential Change in valuation allowance State and local tax provision Tax rate change Prior year adjustment Unrecognized tax benefits GILTI Other Total income tax expense (benefit) 
 The undistributed earnings of the Company s Australian subsidiaries are not indefinitely reinvested. Due to the enactment of the Tax Act, future repatriations of foreign earnings will generally not be subject to U.S. federal taxation but may incur minimal state taxes. The following table is a summary of the activity related to unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest and penalties, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020: Gross increase (decrease) - prior year tax positions Gross increase (decrease) - current year tax positions Settlements Unrecognized tax benefits gross ending balance 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, if recognized, million and million respectively, of the unrecognized tax benefits would impact the Company s effective tax rate. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded an increase to tax interest of , resulting in a total in interest. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a decrease to tax interest of million, resulting in a total in interest. It is difficult to predict the timing and resolution of uncertain tax positions. Based upon the Company s assessment of many factors, including past experience and judgments about future events, it is probable that within the next 12 months the reserve for uncertain tax positions will increase within a range of to million. The reasons for such change include but are not limited to tax positions expected to be taken during 2022, revaluation of current uncertain tax positions, and expiring statutes of limitations. As of December 31, 2022, federal income tax returns for 2019 and after are open for examination. California worldwide unitary income tax returns for 2018 and after are open for examination. Australia income tax returns for calendar years 2018 and after are open for examination. Generally, New Zealand returns for calendar years 2017 and after remain open for examination. 

 - 85 - 

Bank of America Credit Facility (US) (5) Cinemas 1, 2, 3 Term Loan (US) (5) Minetta Orpheum Theatres Loan (US) (2) U.S. Corporate Office Term Loan (US) / Union Square Financing (US)(3) Purchase Money Promissory Note (US) Denominated in foreign currency FC (4) NAB Corporate Term Loan (AU) Westpac Bank Corporate (NZ) Total 
 (1) Net of deferred financing costs amounting to million. (2) The interest rate derivative associated with the Minetta Orpheum loan provides for an effective fixed rate of . (3) The interest rate derivative associated with the Union Square loan provides for a maximum effective rate of . (4) The contractual facilities and outstanding balances of the FC-denominated borrowings were translated into U.S. dollars based on exchange rates as of December 31, 2022. (5) These two pieces of debt were extended after December 31, 2022. See the relevant heading below for discussion regarding extensions. As of December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Maturity Date Contractual Facility Balance, Gross Balance, Net (1) Stated Interest Rate Effective Interest Rate Denominated in USD Trust Preferred Securities (US) Bank of America Credit Facility (US) Cinemas 1, 2, 3 Term Loan (US) Minetta Orpheum Theatres Loan (US) (2) U.S. Corporate Office Term Loan (US) / Union Square Financing (US)(3) Purchase Money Promissory Note (US) Denominated in foreign currency FC (4) NAB Corporate Term Loan (AU) Westpac Bank Corporate (NZ) Total 
 (1) Net of deferred financing costs amounting to million. (2) The interest rate derivative associated with the Minetta Orpheum loan provides for an effective fixed rate of . (3) The interest rate derivative associated with the Union Square loan provides for a maximum effective rate of . (4) The contractual facilities and outstanding balances of the FC-denominated borrowings were translated into U.S. dollar based on exchange rates as of December 31, 2021. Our loan arrangements are presented, net of the deferred financing costs, on the face of our consolidated balance sheet as follows: Debt - long-term portion Subordinated debt - current portion Subordinated debt - long-term portion Total borrowings 

- 86 - 

million credit facility with Bank of America matured on . The interest rate on borrowings under this facility is fixed at above the Eurodollar rate, which itself has a floor of . On November 8, 2021, and effective in Q4 of 2021, Bank of America replaced all of our covenants with a single liquidity test and converted the line of credit into a term loan with scheduled repayments. On November 28, 2022, a further modification extended the term by a year to March 1, 2024 and amended the scheduled repayments. No changes were made to the interest rate. Neither modification was considered to be substantial under U.S. GAAP. On March 30, 2023, we further modified this facility. The maturity date was extended to September 4, 2024. Regular scheduled repayments were modified to a new monthly repayment schedule, whereby commencing May 2023 we will make monthly payments of with a balloon payment upon maturity. Payment in kind interest will accrue at a rate of until maturity, but will be waived in the event of repayment of the entire debt prior to April 1, 2024. Minetta and Orpheum Theatres Loan On October 12, 2018, we refinanced our million loan with Santander Bank, which is secured by our Minetta and Orpheum Theaters, with a loan for a term of million. The modification was not considered to be substantial under U.S. GAAP. Union Square Financing On May 7, 2021, we closed on a new million loan facility with Emerald Creek Capital secured by our 44 Union Square property and certain limited guarantees. The facility bears a variable interest rate of one month LIBOR plus with a floor of and includes provisions for a prepaid interest and property tax reserve fund. The loan has two 12-month options to extend, and may be repaid at any time, without the payment of any premium. U.S. Corporate Office Term Loan On December 13, 2016, we obtained a million mortgage loan on our new Los Angeles property at a fixed annual interest rate of . This loan provided for a second loan upon completion of certain improvements. On June 26, 2017, we obtained a further million under this provision at a fixed annual interest rate of . Cinemas 1,2,3 Term Loan and Line of Credit On March 13, 2020, Sutton Hill Properties LLC SHP ), a subsidiary of RDI, refinanced its million term loan with Valley National Bank with a new term loan of million, an interest rate of , and maturity date of , with options to extend. We executed the first extension option on March 3, 2022, and the second extension option on September 1, 2022, taking the maturity to April 1, 2023. The interest rate for this final extension period is as provided for in the terms of the original agreement. We have no remaining extension options. On March 15, 2023, the loan was extended by 90 days, to July 3, 2023, on the same terms. The related party aspect of this loan is discussed at Note 20 Related Parties . Purchase Money Promissory Note On September 18, 2019, we purchased Company shares in a privately negotiated transaction under our Share Repurchase Program for million. Of this amount, million was paid by the issuance of a Purchase Money Promissory Note, which bears an interest rate of per annum, payable in equal quarterly payments of principal plus accrued interest. The Purchase Money Promissory Note matures on September 18, 2024. 
 
 - 87 - 

million in -year fully subordinated notes to a trust over which we have significant influence, which in turn issued million in securities. Of the million, million in TPS were issued to unrelated investors in a private placement and million of common trust securities were issued by the trust to Reading called Investment in Reading International Trust I on our balance sheets. Effective May 1, 2012, the interest rate on our Trust Preferred Securities changed from a fixed rate of , which was in effect for , to a variable rate of LIBOR plus , which will reset each quarter through the end of the loan unless we exercise our right to re-fix the rate at the current market rate at that time. There are principal payments due until maturity in 2027 when the notes and the trust securities are scheduled to be paid in full. We may pay off the debt after the first at of the principal amount without any penalty. The trust is essentially a pass through, and the transaction is accounted for on our books as the issuance of fully subordinated notes. The credit facility includes a number of affirmative and negative covenants designed to monitor our ability to service the debt. The most restrictive covenant of the facility requires that we must maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio at a certain level. However, on December 31, 2008, we secured a waiver of all financial covenants with respect to our TPS for a period of (through December 31, 2017), in consideration of the payment of million, consisting of an initial payment of million, a payment of made in December 2011, and a payment of in December 2014. The covenant waiver expired January 1, 2018, after which a further covenant waiver was secured on October 11, 2018 for the remaining term of the loan, in consideration of payments totaling million, consisting of an initial payment of million paid on October 31, 2018, and a further payment made of in October 2021 and payable in October 2025. During the first quarter of 2009, we took advantage of the then current market illiquidity for securities such as our TPS to repurchase million in face value of those securities through an exchange of million worth of marketable securities purchased during the period for the express purpose of executing this exchange transaction with the third-party holder of these TPS. During the twelve months ended 2009, we amortized of discount to interest income associated with the holding of these securities prior to their extinguishment. On April 30, 2009, we extinguished million of these TPS, which resulted in a gain on retirement of subordinated debt (TPS) of million net of loss on the associated write-off of deferred loan costs of and a reduction in our Investment in Reading International Trust I from million to . During the three years ended December 31, 2022, we paid million in 2020, million in 2021 and million in 2022 in preferred dividends to unrelated investors that are included in interest expense. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had preferred dividends payable of and , respectively. Interest payments for this loan are required every . Debt denominated in foreign currencies Australian NAB Corporate Loan Facility Our Revolving Corporate Markets Loan Facility with National Australia Bank NAB matures on December 31, 2023. It currently consists of (i) a AU million Corporate Loan facility at above BBSY with a due date of , of which AU million is revolving and AU million is core, (ii) a Bank Guarantee Facility of AU million at a rate of per annum and (iii) a further AU million of core debt added in December 2020, relating to the funding of our cinema at Jindalee, Queensland, which is repayable in semi-annual installments of AU , the first installment being April 30, 2021, until fully repaid on October 31, 2023. On November 2, 2021, NAB modified our Fixed Charge Cover Ratio and Leverage Ratio covenants, reducing the measurement requirements and in some instances removing the requirement to test. On December 15, 2022, we extended the term of this facility to June 30, 2024. New Zealand Westpac Bank Corporate Credit Facility Our Westpac Corporate Credit Facility for NZ million matures on . The facility currently carries an interest rate and line of credit charge of above the Bank Bill Bid Rate and respectively. Westpac has waived the requirement to test certain covenants for each quarter since the third quarter of 2020, including the fourth quarter of 2022. Our third quarter waiver also removes the requirement to test certain covenants up to and including the first quarter of 2023, with testing resuming for the second quarter of 2023. Certain covenant ratios were also adjusted. 
 
 - 88 - 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter -- Total future principal debt payments 
 The estimated amount of future principal payments in U.S. dollars is subject to change because the payments in U.S. dollars on the debt denominated in foreign currencies, which represent a significant portion of our total outstanding debt balance, will fluctuate based on the applicable foreign currency exchange rates. Accrued pension (1) Security deposit payable Finance lease liabilities Other Other current liabilities Other liabilities Accrued pension (1) Lease make-good provision Deferred rent liability Environmental reserve Lease liability (2) Acquired leases Finance lease liabilities Other Other non-current liabilities 
 (1) Represents the pension liability associated with the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan explained below. (2) Represents the lease liability of the option associated with the ground lease purchase of the Village East Cinema. See Note 20 Related Parties for more information. Pension Liability Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan On August 29, 2014, the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan SERP that was effective since March 1, 2007, was ended and replaced with a new pension annuity. As a result of the termination of the SERP program, the accrued pension liability of million was reversed and replaced with a new pension annuity liability of million. The valuation of the liability is based on the present value of million discounted at over a -year term, resulting in a monthly payment of payable to the estate of Mr. James J. Cotter, Sr. The discounted value of million (which is the difference between the estimated payout of million and the present value of million) will be amortized and expensed based on the -year term. In addition, the accumulated actuarial loss of million recorded, as part of other comprehensive income, will also be amortized based on the - year term. As a result of the above, included in our other current and non-current liabilities are accrued pension costs of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The benefits of our pension plans are fully vested and therefore service costs were recognized 2022 and 2021. Our pension plans are unfunded. 

 - 89 - 

Service cost Interest cost Payments made Benefit obligation at December 31 Unfunded status at December 31 
 Amounts recognized in the balance sheet consists of: Other liabilities - Non current Total pension liability 
 The components of the net periodic benefit cost and other amounts recognized in other comprehensive income are as follows: Amortization of prior service costs Amortization of net actuarial gain Net periodic benefit cost Items recognized in other comprehensive income Net loss Amortization of net loss Total recognized in other comprehensive income Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income 
 Items not yet recognized as a component of net periodic pension cost consist of the following: Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 The estimated unamortized actuarial loss for the defined benefit pension plan that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive income into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year will be (gross of any tax effects). The following table presents estimated future benefit payments for the next five years and thereafter as of December 31, 2022: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total pension payments 

- 90 - 

Liabilities incurred during the year Liabilities settled during the year Liabilities remeasured during the year Accretion expense Effect of changes in foreign currency Lease make-good provision, at December 31 

- 91 - 

were assessed against the plaintiff. California Employment Litigation Our Company is currently a defendant in certain California employment matters which include substantially overlapping wage and hour claims relating to our California cinema operations as described below. Taylor Brown, individually, and on behalf of other members of the general public similarly situated vs. Reading Cinemas et al. Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Kern, Case No. BCV-19-1000390 Brown v. RC, and the Brown Class Action Complaint was initially filed in December 2018, as an individual action and refiled as a putative class action in February 2019, but not served until June 24, 2019. Peter M. Wagner, Jr., an individual, vs. Consolidated Entertainment, Inc. et al., Superior Court of the State of California for the County of San Diego, Case NO. 37-2019-00030695-CU-WT-CTL Wagner v. CEI, and the Wagner Individual Complaint was filed as a discrimination and retaliation lawsuit in June 2019. The following month, in July 2019, a notice was served on us by separate counsel for Mr. Wagner under the California Private Attorney General Act of 2004 (Cal. Labor Code Section 2698, et seq) (the Wagner PAGA Claim purportedly asserting in a representational capacity claims under the PAGA statute, overlapping, in substantial part, the allegations set forth in the Brown Class Action Complaint. On March 6, 2020, Wagner filed a purported class action in the Superior Court of California, County of San Diego, again covering basically the same allegations as set forth in the Brown Class Action Complaint, and titled Peter M. Wagner, an individual, on behalf of himself and all others similarly situated vs. Reading International, Inc., Consolidated Entertainment, Inc. and Does 1 through 25, Case No. 37-2020-000127-CU-OE-CTL (the Wagner Class Action and the Wagner Class Action Complaint ). Following mediation, the Wagner Individual Complaint was settled, and final judgment entered on February 10, 2021, at what we believe to have been its nuisance value. On July 13, 2021, following a mediation, the parties agreed to settle the claims set forth in the remaining lawsuits (specifically, the Brown Class Action Complaint, the Wagner PAGA Claim and the Wagner Class Action Complaint) for the Company s payment of million (the Settlement Amount ). The final settlement agreement has been executed and delivered by the parties, and initially approved by the Court (the Settlement Agreement ). A hearing on final approval of the Settlement Agreement is scheduled for April 18, 2023. Under the terms of the Settlement Agreement, the Settlement Amount is to be paid in two installments, one-half within 30 days of final court approval and the balance nine-months thereafter. However, Plaintiffs counsel has approved a request by the Company to modify that payment schedule to provide for payments as follows: (i) within 30 days of final court approval, (ii) within nine months of final court approval, and (iii) on December 2, 2024. This modification of the payment schedule is subject to Court approval. We accrued the Settlement Amount in 2021 as a cinema segment administrative expense. General Distributors Limited v. Reading Wellington Properties Arbitration On June 18, 2021, General Distributors Limited GDL ), an owner and operator of supermarkets in New Zealand, filed an arbitration statement of claim (the Statement of Claim in Auckland, New Zealand, against our wholly owned subsidiary, Reading Wellington Properties, Limited RWPL ), relating to the enforceability of an Agreement to Lease (the ATL entered into between the parties in February 2013, contemplating the construction by RWPL and the lease by GDL of a supermarket in Wellington, New Zealand on property owned by RWPL. Effective August 26, 2022, this matter was resolved by the parties written settlement agreement to the effect that the ATL has terminated and is at an end and that any and all rights or claims arising under or in respect of the ATL have 
 
 - 92 - 

- 93 - 

non-controlling interest owned by Panorama Group International Pty.; Shadow View Land and Farming, LLC non-controlling membership interest owned by either the estate of Mr. James J. Cotter, Sr. (the Cotter Estate or the James J. Cotter Sr. Living Trust (the Cotter Trust and, Sutton Hill Properties, LLC non-controlling interest owned by Sutton Hill Capital, LLC (which in turn is owned by the Cotter Estate and/or the Cotter Trust). The components of non-controlling interest are as follows: Shadow View Land and Farming, LLC Sutton Hill Properties, LLC Non-controlling interests in consolidated subsidiaries 
 The components of income/(loss) attributable to non-controlling interests are as follows: Shadow View Land and Farming, LLC Sutton Hill Properties, LLC Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests in consolidated subsidiaries 
 Shadow View Land and Farming, LLC On March 5, 2021, Shadow View Land and Farming, LLC, sold its only asset, being certain land holdings in Coachella, California, for million and is currently in the process of winding up and liquidating. See Note 5 Real Estate Transactions. shares of Class A Common Stock were issued or reserved for issuance pursuant to the previously granted options or restricted stock units under that plan. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan On November 4, 2020, the Company enacted the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, which was also approved by the Company s stockholders on December 8, 2020 (the 2020 Plan ). Under the 2020 Plan, the Company may grant stock options and other share-based payment awards of our Class A Common Stock to eligible employees, directors and consultants. The aggregate total number of shares of Class A Common Stock authorized for issuance under the 2020 Plan at December 31, 2020 was , of which remain available for future issuance, and shares of Class B stock. In addition, if any awards that were outstanding under the 2010 Plan are subsequently forfeited or if the related shares are repurchased, a corresponding number of shares will automatically become available for issuance under the 2020 Plan, thus resulting in a potential increase in the number of shares available for issuance under the 2020 Plan. At December 31, 2022, this potential increase in the number of shares eligible for issuance under the 2020 Plan was of Class A Common Stock. Stock options are granted at exercise prices equal to the grant-date market prices and typically expire no later than from the grant date. In contrast to a stock option where the grantee buys our Company s share at an exercise price determined on the grant date, a restricted stock unit RSU entitles the grantee to receive one share for every RSU based on a vesting plan, typically between one year and four years from grant. Beginning in 2020, a performance component has been added to certain of the RSUs granted to management, which vests on the third anniversary of their grant date based on the achievement of certain performance metrics. At the time the options are exercised or RSUs vest and are settled, at the discretion of management, we will issue treasury shares or make a new issuance of shares to the option or RSU holder. 

 - 94 - 

stock options were issued in the year ended December 31, 2022. The weighted average assumptions used in the option-valuation model for the years 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: Risk-free interest rate Expected dividend yield Expected option life in years Expected volatility Weighted average fair value 
 We recorded stock-based compensation expense of , , and for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized estimated compensation cost related to non-vested stock options was which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average vesting period of years. cash was received from option exercises in 2022, 2021 or 2020. The following is a summary of the status of RDI s outstanding stock options for the three years ended December 31, 2022: Granted Exercised Expired Outstanding - December 31, 2020 Granted Exercised Expired Outstanding - December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised Expired Outstanding - December 31, 2022 

- 95 - 

December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Unvested December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 
 Restricted Stock Units RSU awards to management vest on the anniversary of the grant date over a period of . Beginning in 2020, a performance component has been added to certain of the RSUs granted to management, which vest on the third anniversary of their grant date based on the achievement of certain performance metrics . On March 10, 2020, RSUs covering shares were issued to members of executive management and other employees of our Company. Between December 14, 2020 and December 16, 2020, RSUs covering shares were issued to members of executive management and other employees of our Company, all of which vest on the anniversary of the grant date over a period of . Of these, w e granted non-employee directors RSUs (as well as options) on December 16, 2020. In April 2021, RSUs covering shares were issued to members of executive management. These RSUs have two structures, which include time vesting and performance vesting. The majority of RSUs vest evenly over a period of , with the remaining , contingent upon the achievement of certain performance metrics, vesting in full on the third anniversary of the date of the grant. In the case of our Chief Executive Officer, RSUs vest evenly over a period of with the remaining , contingent upon the achievement of certain performance metrics, vesting in full on the third anniversary of the grant date. RSUs covering shares were also issued to other employees of our Company. These awards vest on the anniversary of the grant date over a period of . RSUs covering 26,924 and 48,951 shares, respectively, were issued to non-employee directors. On April 18, 2022, RSUs covering shares were issued to members of executive management and other employees of our company. We estimate the grant-date fair values of our RSUs using the Company s stock price at grant-date and record such fair values as compensation expense over the vesting period on a straight-line basis. Prior to November 7, 2018, RSU awards to non-employee directors vested in January of the following year in which such RSUs were granted. At the November 7, 2018 Board meeting, it was determined that it would be more appropriate for the vesting of RSUs to align with the director s term of office. Accordingly, the RSUs granted on November 7, 2018, vested on the first to occur of (i) 5:00 pm, Los Angeles, CA time on the last business day prior to the one year anniversary of the grant date, or (ii) the date on which the recipient s term as a director ended and the recipient or, as the case may be, the recipient s successor was elected to the board of directors. Accordingly, the RSUs granted to directors on November 7, 2018, vested on May 7, 2019, annual meeting of stockholders. Due to the fact that our Company held our annual meeting of stockholders in May 2019, the vesting period for the RSUs issued on November 7, 2018 was shorter than anticipated. In order to adjust for this factor, the award of RSUs to directors made immediately following the 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders was determined using a value of 35,000 or one half of the dollar amount of the prior year s annual grant. The RSUs issued to non-employee directors on May 7, 2019, vested on May 6, 2020. The RSUs issued to non-employee directors on August 11, 2021 vested on December 8, 2021. The RSUs issued to non-employee directors on December 8, 2021, vested on December 8, 2022. The RSUs issued to non-employee directors on December 8, 2022, will vest on the first to occur of (i) 5:00 pm, Los Angeles, CA time on the last business day prior to the one-year anniversary of the Grant Date or (ii) the date on which the Recipient has served such Recipient s full term as a Director (December 8, 2023). During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we recognized compensation expense related to RSUs of million and million respectively. The total unrecognized compensation expense related to these unvested RSUs was million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 - 96 - 

2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 2017 Stock Repurchase Plan On March 14, 2019, the Board of Directors extended our Company s stock repurchase program for , through March 2, 2021. The Board did not increase the authorized amount, which was initially fixed at million. On March 10, 2020, the Board increased the authorized amount by million and extended it to March 2, 2022. At the present time, the repurchase program authorization is million. The repurchase program allows Reading to repurchase its shares in accordance with the requirements of the SEC on the open market, in block trades and in privately negotiated transactions, depending on market conditions and other factors. All purchases are subject to the availability of shares at prices that are acceptable to Reading, and accordingly, no assurances can be given as to the timing or number of shares that may ultimately be acquired pursuant to this authorization. Under the stock repurchase program, as of December 31, 2022, our Company had reacquired a total of shares of Class A Non-Voting Common Stock for million at an average price of per share (excluding transaction costs). shares of Class A Non-Voting Common Stock were purchased during the quarter ended March 31, 2020 at an average price of per share. shares have been repurchased since. The last share repurchase made by our Company was made on March 5, 2020, at which time shares were purchased at an average cost per share of . This leaves million available under the March 2, 2017 program, as extended, to March 10, 2024. Change related to derivatives Total change in hedge fair value recorded in Other Comprehensive Income Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income Net change related to derivatives Net current-period other comprehensive income Balance at December 31, 2022 
 (1) Net of income tax expense of . (2) Net of income tax expense of . (3) Net of income tax expense of . 

 - 97 - 

transfers of assets and liabilities between Levels 1, 2, or 3 during the three years ended December 31, 2022. Recurring Fair Value Measurements As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had derivative financial assets carried and measured at fair value on a recurring basis of and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 we had financial liabilities in a liability position. As of December 31, 2021, we had derivative financial liabilities carried and measured at fair value on a recurring basis of . Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements The following tables provide information about financial assets and liabilities not carried at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in our consolidated balance sheets: 

 - 98 - 

Subordinated debt Subordinated debt - current and long-term portion Total 
 Carrying Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Balance Sheet Location Value (1) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Financial liabilities Notes payable Debt - current and long-term portion Subordinated debt Subordinated debt Total 
 (1) These balances are presented gross of deferred financing costs. million. The derivatives are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value and are included in the following line items: Derivative financial instruments - current portion Derivative financial instruments - non-current portion Derivative financial instruments - non-current portion Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments Total derivatives Liability Derivatives December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Balance sheet location Fair value Balance sheet location Fair value Interest rate contracts Derivative financial instruments - current portion Derivative financial instruments - current portion Derivative financial instruments - non-current portion Derivative financial instruments - non-current portion Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments Total derivatives 
 The changes in fair value are recorded in Other Comprehensive Income and released into interest expense in the same period(s) in which the hedged transactions affect earnings. In 2022 and 2021, the derivative instruments affected Comprehensive Income as follows: Total )) Interest expense, net Interest expense, net Total 
 to earnings. 

 - 99 - 

years, with a new termination date of June 30, 2020. This amendment was reviewed and approved by our Audit and Conflicts Committee. The Village East lease includes a sub-lease of the ground underlying the cinema that is subject to a longer-term ground lease between SHC and an unrelated third party that expires in June 2031 (the cinema ground lease ). The extended lease provides for a call option pursuant to which Reading may purchase the cinema ground lease for million at the end of the lease term. Additionally, the lease has a put option pursuant to which SHC may require our Company to purchase all or a portion of SHC s interest in the existing cinema lease and the cinema ground lease at any time between July 1, 2013 and December 4, 2019. Because our late Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and controlling stockholder, Mr. James J. Cotter, Sr. was also the managing member of SHC, RDI and SHC are considered entities under common control. As a result, we have recorded the Village East Cinema building as a property asset of million on our balance sheet based on the cost carry-over basis from an entity under common control with a corresponding lease liability of million presented under other liabilities which accreted up to the million liability through July 1, 2013. On August 28, 2019, we exercised our option to acquire the ground lessee s interest. It was initially agreed that the transaction would close on or about May 31, 2021.On March 12, 2020, we amended the original agreement to (i) extend the term of the Citadel Cinemas, Inc. lease with Sutton Hill to January 31, 2022 and extend the put option to December 4, 2021 and (ii) at SHC s request, in connection with our deferral of the closing date for our acquisition of SHC s interest in the Village East Cinema, the Company reinstated and extended until December 4, 2021 SHC s right to put that interest to us. That put right had previously expired on December 4, 2019. We were advised by SHC that it wanted this reinstatement and extension in order to assure itself that, in the event of the non-performance by us of our current contractual obligation to close our purchase of the interest in the ground lease on or about the extended date of May 31, 2021, that it could (as, in effect, an additional remedy) exercise this reinstated and extended put right. We believe that the reinstatement and extension of this put right is immaterial to our Company, since we have in fact already exercised our option, are in fact under contract with SHC to acquire SHC s interest in the Village East Cinema and have every intention of completing that acquisition. On March 29, 2021, we extended this closing date to January 1, 2023. The put right was not renewed. On November 4, 2022, we further extended this closing date to July 1, 2024. 
 
 - 100 - 

for this cinema. In 2020 we deferred of this cost, repaying it in full in 2021 along with our 2021 obligation. We paid our 2022 in full in the period that it fell. Cinemas 1, 2, 3 In 2005, we acquired (i) from a third party the fee interest underlying the Cinemas 1,2,3 and (ii) from SHC its interest in the ground lease estate underlying and the improvements constituting the Cinemas 1,2,3. The ground lease estate and the improvements acquired from SHC were originally a part of the master lease transaction, discussed above. In connection with that transaction, we granted to SHC an option to acquire at cost a interest in the special purpose entity (Sutton Hill Properties, LLC) formed to acquire these fee, leasehold and improvements interests. On June 28, 2007, SHC exercised this option, paying million and assuming a proportionate share of SHP s liabilities. At the time of the option exercise and the closing of the acquisition of the interest, SHP had debt of million, including a million, non-interest-bearing intercompany loan from the Company. Since the acquisition by SHC of its interest, SHP has covered its operating costs and debt service through cash flow from the Cinema 1,2,3, (ii) borrowings from third parties, and (iii) pro-rata contributions from the members. In February 2015, we and SHP amended the management agreement dated as of June 27, 2007 relating to our management of the Cinemas 1,2,3. The amendment, which was retroactive to December 1, 2014, memorialized our undertaking to SHP to fund up to (the Renovation Funding Amount of renovations to Cinemas 1,2,3. In consideration of our funding of the renovations, our annual management fee was increased commencing January 1, 2015 by an amount equivalent to of any incremental positive cash flow of Cinemas 1,2,3 over the average annual positive cash flow of the Cinemas 1,2,3 over the period ended December 31, 2014 (not to exceed a cumulative aggregate amount equal to the Renovation Funding Amount), plus a annual cash-on-cash return on the balance outstanding from time to time of the Renovation Funding Amount, payable at the time of the payment of the annual management fee (the Improvements Fee ). Under the amended management agreement, we retained ownership of (and any right to depreciate) any furniture, fixtures and equipment purchased by us in connection with such renovation and had the right (but not the obligation) to remove all such furniture, fixtures and equipment (at our own cost and expense) from the Cinemas 1,2,3 upon the termination of the management agreement. The amendment also provided that, during the term of the management agreement, SHP would be responsible for the cost of repair and maintenance of the renovations. This amendment was approved by SHC and by the Audit and Conflicts Committee of our Board of Directors. On November 6, 2020, we and SHP further amended the management agreement to terminate the Investments Fee in consideration of a one time payment to us of and the reimbursement in full of the Renovation Funding Amount, and transferred to SHC all of our ownership rights in the renovation assets. This amendment was approved by SHC and by the Audit and Conflicts Committee of our Board of Directors. On August 31, 2016, we refinanced the debt of Cinemas 1,2,3, pursuant to a million loan from Valley National Bank. Refer to Note 12 Borrowings for further details on this loan transaction and its maturity. The proceeds from the loan were used to retire an existing million first mortgage loan and the above-referenced million intercompany loan, with the remainder to be used for working capital and to cover cash flow shortfalls. Since the cash flow from the Cinemas 1,2,3 is not sufficient to service this loan, it is anticipated that the members of SHP (our Company and SHC) will ultimately need to make periodic contributions to the capital of SHP in order to avoid dilution of their respective interests in SHP. In 2016, our Company and SHC funded capital calls of and , respectively. capital contributions were called or made in 2020, 2021 or 2022. The Valley National Loan has been guaranteed by our Company and an environmental indemnity has been provided by our Company. SHC has agreed to indemnify our Company to the extent of of any loss incurred by our Company with respect to any such guarantee and/or indemnity (a percentage reflecting SHC s membership interest in SHP). The refinancing transaction, including the guarantee and indemnity, were review and approved by the Audit and Conflicts Committee of our Board of Directors. On October 1, 2020, SHP made a distribution of million, paying to our Company and to SHC. Live Theatre Play Investment From time to time, our Officers and Directors may invest in plays that lease our live theatres. The play STOMP played in our Orpheum Theatre since prior to the time we acquired the theatre in 2001, until its final show on January 8, 2023. The Cotter Estate and a third party own an approximately interest in that play, an interest that they have held since prior to our acquisition of the theatre. Shadow View Land and Farming LLC During 2012, Mr. James J. Cotter, Sr., our then Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and controlling stockholder, contributed million cash and of his 2011 bonus as his share of the purchase price of a land parcel in Coachella, California and to cover his share of certain costs associated with that acquisition. The property was held in Shadow View Land and Farming, LLC, in which the Cotter Estate owns a interest and was held debt free and operating and holding costs were covered by member 
 
 - 101 - 

- 102 - 

2021 2020 Tax valuation allowance 2022 2021 2020 

- 103 - 

Item 9 Change in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosu re None. Item 9A Controls and Procedur es Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Attestation of Registered Public Accounting Firm Our management s report on internal control over financial reporting and our registered public accounting firm s audit report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting are included in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We have formally adopted a policy for disclosure controls and procedures that provides guidance on the evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures and is designed to ensure that all corporate disclosure is complete and accurate in all material respects and that all information required to be disclosed in the periodic reports submitted by us under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods and in the manner specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. A disclosure committee consisting of the principal accounting officer, and senior officers of each significant business line and other select employees assisted the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer in this evaluation. Based upon our evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as required by the Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15I and 15d 15I as of the end of the period covered by this report. Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fourth quarter of the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f), including maintenance of (i) records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets, and (ii) policies and procedures that provide reasonable assurance that (a) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, (b) our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and our Board of Directors and (c) we will prevent or timely detect unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of the inherent limitations of any system of internal control. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses of judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper overriding of controls. As a result of such limitations, there is risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

 - 104 - 

PART I II Item 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 Information required by Part III (Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14) of this Form 10-K is hereby incorporated by reference from Reading International, Inc. s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which the company intends to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year. 

 - 105 - 

PART IV Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedul es (101) The following documents are filed as a part of this report: 101. Financial Statements The following financial statements are filed as part of Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as summarized below: Description Page Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 56 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Consolidated Financial Statements) 57 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 58 Consolidated Statements of Income for the Three Years Ended December 31, 2022 59 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three Years Ended December 31, 2022 60 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Three Years Ended December 31, 2022 61 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Years Ended December 31, 2022 62 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 64 
 2. Financial Statements and Schedules for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021, and 2020 Description Page Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 103 
 3. Exhibits (b) Exhibits See Item (a) 3. Above. I Financial Statement Schedule See Item (a) 2. Above. 

 - 106 - 

EXHIBITS Exhibit No. Description Links for Exhibits Incorporated by Reference 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Reading International, Inc., a Nevada corporation, effective as of August 6, 2014 Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 , filed on April 29, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Reading International, Inc., a Nevada corporation, effective as of November 7, 2017 (1) Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 , filed on March 16, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 4.1 Form of Preferred Securities Certificate evidencing the preferred securities of Reading International Trust I Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2007 , and incorporated herein by reference. 4.2 Form of Common Securities Certificate evidencing common securities of Reading International Trust I Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2007 , and incorporated herein by reference. 4.3 Form of Reading International, Inc. and Reading New Zealand, Limited, Junior Subordinated Note due 2027 Filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2007 , and incorporated herein by reference. 4.4 Indenture among Reading International, Inc., Reading New Zealand Limited, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as indenture trustee. Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s report on Form 8-K dated February 5, 2007 , and incorporated herein by reference. 4.5 Form of Indenture Filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s report on Form S-3 on October 20, 2009 , and incorporated herein by reference. 4.6 Description of Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed as Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.1 Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan, as of November 7, 2017 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 , filed on March 16, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 10.2 Award forms under the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (i) Stock Option Agreement, (ii) Stock Bonus Agreement, (iii) Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, and (iv) Stock Appreciation Right Agreement Filed as Exhibits 4.2 , 4.3 , 4.4 and 4.5 , respectively, to the Company s report on Form S-8 on May 26, 2010, and incorporated herein by reference. 10.3 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (with Grant Notice)(Employees/Executive Officers/Contractors) under the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.4 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (with Grant Notice) (Non-Employee Directors) under the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.5 Form of Stock Option Agreement (Non-Directors) under the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.6 2020 Stock Incentive Plan Filed as Appendix A to the Company s Proxy Statement filed on November 6, 2020 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.7 + Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (with Grant Notice) (Non-Employee Directors) under the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan Filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 , and incorporated herein by reference 10.8 + Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (with Grant Notice) (Executive Officer) under the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan Filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 , and incorporated herein by reference 10.9 Form of Stock Option Agreement (Director) under the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan Filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.10 Amended and Restated Lease Agreement, dated as of July 28, 2000, as amended and restated as of January 29, 2002, between Sutton Hill Capital, L.L.C. and Citadel Cinemas, Inc. Filed as Exhibit 10.40 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002 and incorporated herein by reference. 10.11 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Master Operating Lease dated as of September 1, 2005 Filed as Exhibit 10.58 to the Company s report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2005 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.12 Assignment and Assumption of Lease between Sutton Hill Capital L.L.C. and Sutton Hill Properties, LLC dated as of September 19, 2005 Filed as Exhibit 10.56 to the Company s report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2005 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.13 Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Master Operating Lease Agreement, dated June 29, 2010, between Sutton Hill Capital, L.L.C. and Citadel Cinemas, Inc. Filed as Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.14 Omnibus Amendment Agreement, dated as of October 22, 2003, between Citadel Cinemas, Inc., Sutton Hill Capital, L.L.C., Nationwide Theatres Corp., Sutton Hill Associates, and Reading International, Inc. Filed as Exhibit 10.49 to the Company s report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2003 , and incorporated herein by reference. 

- 107 - 

10.15 Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust, dated February 5, 2007, among Reading International Inc., as sponsor, the Administrators named therein, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as property trustee, and Wells Fargo Delaware Trust Company as Delaware trustee Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s report on Form 8-K dated February 5, 2007 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.16 Amended and Restated Corporate Markets Loan Bank Guarantee Facility Agreement dated December 23, 2015, among Reading Entertainment Australia Pty Ltd and National Australia Bank Limited Filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 , filed on April 29, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 10.17 Amendment Deed dated June 12, 2018 between National Australia Bank Limited and Reading Entertainment Australia Pty Ltd. Filed as Exhibit 10.1.2 to the Company s report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-8625), filed on June 2, 2020 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.18 Amendment Deed dated March 27, 2019 between National Australia Bank Limited and Reading Entertainment Australia Pty Ltd. Filed as Exhibit 10.1.3 to the Company s report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-8625), filed on June 2, 2020 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.19 Letter of Waiver dated April 9, 2020 between National Australia Bank Limited and Reading Entertainment Australia Pty Ltd. Filed as Exhibit 10.1.4 to the Company s report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-8625), filed on June 2, 2020 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.20 Amendment Letter dated August 6, 2020 between National Australian Bank Limited and Reading Entertainment Australia Pty. Ltd. Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.21 Amendment Deed dated June 12, 2018 between National Australia Bank Limited and Reading Entertainment Australia Pty Ltd. Filed as Exhibit 10.1.2 to the Company s report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-8625), filed on June 2, 2020 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.22 Amendment Deed dated June 8, 2021, by and between Reading Entertainment Australia Pty Ltd and National Australia Bank Limited. Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 , and incorporated herein by reference.in by reference. 10.23 Corporate Markets Loan Bank Guarantee Facility Agreement dated June 8, 2021, by and between Reading Entertainment Australia Pty Ltd and National Australia Bank Limited. Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 , and incorporated herein by reference.in by reference. 10.24 Amendment Deed dated November 2, 2021, by and between Reading Entertainment Australia Pty Ltd and National Australia Bank Limited. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 , and incorporated herein by reference.in by reference. 10.25 Wholesale Term Loan Facility dated May 21, 2015, among Reading Courtenay Central Limited and Westpac New Zealand Limited Filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 , filed on April 29, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 10.26 Guarantee Indemnity dated May 21, 2015, among certain affiliates of the Company in favor of Westpac New Zealand Limited. Filed as Exhibit 10.3.2 to the Company s report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-8625), filed on June 2, 2020 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.27 Westpac Corporate Credit Facility Extension Letter dated December 20, 2018, among Westpac New Zealand Limited, Reading Courtenay Central Limited and certain affiliates of the Company. Filed as Exhibit 10.3.3 to the Company s report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-8625), filed on June 2, 2020 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.28 Letter of Variation dated July 27, 2020 between Westpac New Zealand Limited and Reading Courtenay Central Limited Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.29 Letter of Variation dated September 15, 2020 between Westpac New Zealand Limited and Reading Courtenay Central Limited, filed herewith. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020 , and incorporated herein by reference.in by reference. 10.30 Letter of Variation dated April 29, 2021 between Westpac New Zealand Limited and Reading Courtenay Central Limited, filed herewith. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 , and incorporated herein by reference.in by reference. 10.31 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated March 6, 2020, among Consolidated Amusement Holdings, LLC, certain affiliates of the Company, the financial institutions party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent. Filed as Exhibit 10.2.1 to the Company s report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-8625), filed on June 2, 2020 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.32 Waiver and First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated May 15, 2020, among Consolidated Amusement Holdings, LLC, certain affiliates of the Company, the financial institutions party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent. Filed as Exhibit 10.2.2 to the Company s report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-8625), filed on June 2, 2020 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.33 Waiver and Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated August 7, 2020 between Consolidated Amusement Holdings, LLC, and Bank of America, N.A. Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 , and incorporated herein by reference. 

- 108 - 

10.34 Waiver and Third Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated August 8, 2021, between Consolidated Amusement Holdings, LLC, and Bank of America, N.A. Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 , and incorporated herein by reference.in by reference. 10.35 Waiver and Fourth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated November 29, 2022, between Consolidated Amusement Holdings, LLC, and Bank of America, N.A. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-8625), filed on December 16, 2022 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.36 Consolidated, Amended and Restated Mortgage Promissory Note dated March 13, 2020, between Sutton Hill Properties, LLC and Valley National Bank. Filed as Exhibit 10.4.1 to the Company s report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-8625), filed on June 2, 2020 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.37 Mortgage Consolidation, Modification and Extension Agreement dated March 13, 2020, between Sutton Hill Properties, LLC and Valley National Bank. Filed as Exhibit 10.4.2 to the Company s report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-8625), filed on June 2, 2020 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.38 Pledge and Security Agreement dated March 13, 2020, between Sutton Hill Properties, LLC and Valley National Bank. Filed as Exhibit 10.4.3 to the Company s report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-8625), filed on June 2, 2020 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.39 ADA and Environmental Indemnity Agreement dated March 13, 2020, executed by Sutton Hill Properties, LLC and Reading International, Inc. in favor of Valley National Bank. Filed as Exhibit 10.4.4 to the Company s report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-8625), filed on June 2, 2020 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.40 Assignment of Rents and Leases dated March 13, 2020, executed by Sutton Hill Properties, LLC in favor of Valley National Bank. Filed as Exhibit 10.4.5 to the Company s report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-8625), filed on June 2, 2020 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.41 Guaranty of Payment and Performance dated March 13, 2020 executed by Reading International, Inc. in favor of Valley National Bank. Filed as Exhibit 10.4.6 to the Company s report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-8625), filed on June 2, 2020 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.42 Carveout Guaranty dated March 13, 2020 executed by Reading International, Inc. in favor of Valley National Bank. Filed as Exhibit 10.4.7 to the Company s report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-8625), filed on June 2, 2020 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.43 Guaranty dated March 13, 2020 executed by Reading International, Inc. in favor of Valley National Bank. Filed as Exhibit 10.4.8 to the Company s report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-8625), filed on June 2, 2020 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.44 Loan Agreement dated as of May 7, 2021, by and between Reading Tammany Owner LLC and US Development, LLC, collectively as borrower, and Emerald Creek Capital 3, LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent for the lender. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 , and incorporated herein by reference.in by reference. 10.45 Form of Indemnification Agreement, as routinely granted to the Company s Officers and Directors Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 , and incorporated herein by reference. 10.46 Transactional Facility Side Letter dated November 3, 2021 between Reading Entertainment Australia Pty Ltd and National Australia Bank Limited. Filed as Exhibit 10.45 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on March 16, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference 18 Preferability Letter from Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Grant Thornton LLP. Filed as Exhibit 18 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 filed on March 13, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference 21+ List of Subsidiaries , N/A 23.1+ Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Grant Thornton LLP . N/A 31.1+ Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 , N/A 31.2+ Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 , N/A 32.1+ Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . N/A 32.2+ Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . N/A 101 The following material from our Company s Annal Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) N/A 
 _______________________ 

 - 109 - 

+ Filed or furnished herewith Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Items 601(a)(5) and 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. Information in this exhibit that has been omitted has been noted in this document with a placeholder identified by the mark [ ] . The Company hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted schedules or exhibits to the SEC upon request. Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. (1) Included is the amended and restated version of this exhibit, redlined to show the amendment adopted on November 7, 2017. 

 - 110 - 

SIGNATUR ES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. READING INTERNATIONAL, INC. (Registrant) Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Gilbert Avanes Gilbert Avanes Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of Registrant and in capacities and on dates indicated. Signature Title(s) Date /s/ Ellen M. Cotter President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of Board and Director March 31, 2023 Ellen M. Cotter (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Gilbert Avanes Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer March 31, 2023 Gilbert Avanes (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Steve Lucas Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer March 31, 2023 Steve Lucas (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Margaret Cotter Executive Vice President Real Estate and Chair of the Board and Director March 31, 2023 Margaret Cotter /s/ Guy W. Adams Director March 31, 2023 Guy W. Adams /s/ Douglas J. McEachern Director March 31, 2023 Douglas J. McEachern /s/ Dr. Judy Codding Director March 31, 2023 Dr. Judy Codding 

- 111 - 

<EX-21>
 2
 rdi-20221231xex21.htm
 EX-21

2022 10K Exhibit 21 Subsidiaries

2022 List of Exhibits. 

Checked by SV on 3/31/2023 | Sources: Org Chart v 38 + ASIC + NZ Companies 

READING INTERNATIONAL, INC. LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 

Subsidiary 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

AHGP, Inc. 

Delaware 

AHLP, Inc. 

Delaware 

Angelika Film Centers, LLC 

Delaware 

Angelika Anywhere LLC 

Nevada 

Angelika Anywhere Limited 

New Zealand 

Angelika Anywhere Pty Limited 

Australia 

Angelika Film Center Mosaic, LLC 

Nevada 

Angelika Film Centers (Dallas), Inc. 

Texas 

Angelika Film Center Union Market, LLC 

Nevada 

Angelika Film Centers (Plano) LP 

Nevada 

Angelika Plano Beverage LLC 

Texas 

Angelika Plano Holdings, LLC 

Nevada 

Australia Country Cinemas Pty Limited 

Australia 

Bayou Cinemas LP 

Delaware 

Bogart Holdings Limited 

New Zealand 

Burwood Developments Pty Ltd 

Australia 

Carmel Theatres, LLC 

Nevada 

Citadel Agriculture, Inc. 

California 

Citadel Cinemas, Inc. 

Nevada 

Citadel Cinema Services, LLC (fka Reading Malulani, LLC) 

Citadel Realty, Inc. 

Nevada 
					 
						 Nevada 

City Cinemas, LLC 

Nevada 

Consolidated Amusement Holdings, LLC 

Nevada 

Consolidated Cinema Services, LLC 

Nevada 

Consolidated Cinemas Kapolei, LLC 

Nevada 

Consolidated Entertainment, LLC 

Nevada 

Consolidated Entertainment, Inc. 

Nevada 

Courtenay Car Park Limited 

New Zealand 

Craig Corporation 

Nevada 

Darnelle Enterprises Limited 

New Zealand 

Epping Cinemas Pty . Ltd . 

Australia 

Gaslamp Theatres, LLC 

Nevada 

Hotel Newmarket Pty Ltd 

Australia 

Kaahumanu Cinemas, LLC 

Nevada 

Kahala Cinema Company, LLC 

Nevada 

KMA Cinemas, LLC 

Nevada 

Landplan Property Partners Manukau Trust 

New Zealand 

Landplan Property Partners Discretionary Trust 

Australia 

Liberty Live, LLC 

Nevada 

2022 List of Exhibits. 

Checked by SV on 3/31/2023 | Sources: Org Chart v 38 + ASIC + NZ Companies 

Liberty Theaters, LLC 

Nevada 

Liberty Theatricals, LLC 

Nevada 

Liberty Theatres Properties, LLC 

Nevada 

Minetta Live, LLC 

Nevada 

Movieland Cinemas (NZ) Limtied 

New Zealand 

New Zealand Equipment Supply Limited 

New Zealand 

Newmarket Properties #3 Pty Ltd 

Australia 

Newmarket Properties No. 2 Pty Ltd 

Australia 

Newmarket Properties Pty Ltd 

Australia 

Orpheum Live, LLC 

Nevada 

Queenstown Land Holdings Limited 

New Zealand 

RCPA LLC (fka Reading Company) 

Pennsylvania 

RDI Employee Investment Fund LLC 

California 

Reading Arthouse Limited 

Australia 

Reading Altona Pty Limited 

Australia 

Reading Armadale Pty Ltd (fka Reading Australia Pty Ltd) 
					 
						 Reading Auburn Pty Limited 

Australia 
					 
						 Australia 

Reading Belmont Pty Limited 

Australia 

Reading Beverages (California) LLC 

Nevada 

Reading Bundaberg 2012 Pty Ltd 

Australia 

Reading Burwood Pty Limited 

Australia 

Reading Busselton Pty Ltd (fka A.C.N 143 633 096 Pty Ltd) 

Australia 

Reading Cannon Park Pty Ltd 

Australia 

Reading Capital Corporation 

Delaware 

Reading Center Development Corporation 

Pennsylvania 

Reading Charlestown Pty Limited 

Australia 

Reading Cinemas Asset Management Pty Ltd (fka Australian Equipment Supply Pty Limited) 
					 
						 Reading Cinemas Auburn Pty Ltd (fka Reading Alphington Pty Ltd) 

Australia 
					 
						 Australia 

Reading Cinemas Courtenay Central Limited 

New Zealand 

Reading Cinemas Management Pty Limited 

Australia 

Reading Cinemas New Zealand Trust (fka - Landplan Property Partners Taupo Trust) 

New Zealand 

Reading Cinemas New Zealand Trustee Limited (fka - Reading Properties Lake Taupo Ltd) 

New Zealand 

Reading Cinemas NJ, Inc. 

Delaware 

Reading Cinemas Management, LLC (fka US Agricultural Investors, LLC) 
					 
						 Reading Cinemas Pty Limited 

Delaware 
					 
						 Australia 

Reading Cinemas Puerto Rico LLC 

Nevada 

Reading Cinemas USA LLC 

Nevada 

Reading Consolidated Holdings, Inc. 

Nevada 

Reading Consolidated Holdings (Hawaii), Inc. 

Hawaii 

Reading Courtenay Central Limited 

New Zealand 

Reading Dandenong Pty Limited 

Australia 

Reading Devonport Pty Ltd 

Australia 

Reading Dunedin Limited 

New Zealand 

2022 List of Exhibits. 

Checked by SV on 3/31/2023 | Sources: Org Chart v 38 + ASIC + NZ Companies 

Reading Elizabeth Pty Ltd 

Australia 

Reading Entertainment Australia Pty Limited 

Australia 

Reading Exhibition Pty Ltd 

Australia 

Reading Food Services, LLC 

Nevada 

Reading Holdings, Inc. 

Nevada 

Reading International, LLC 

Nevada 

Reading International Cinemas LLC 

Delaware 

Reading International Services Company 

California 

Reading IP, LLC 

Nevada 

Reading Jindalee Pty Ltd 

Australia 

Reading Licen c es Pty Ltd 

Australia 

Reading Maitland Pty Limited 

Australia 

Reading Management NZ Limited 

New Zealand 

Reading Melton Pty Limited 

Australia 

Reading Murrieta Theater, LLC 

Nevada 

Reading New Lynn Limited 

New Zealand 

Reading New Zealand Limited 

New Zealand 

Reading Pacific LLC 

Nevada 

R eading Productions, LLC 

Nevada 

Reading Properties LLC (fka - GardenWalk Cinemas, LLC) 

Nevada 

Reading Properties Indooroopilly Pty Ltd 

Australia 

Reading Properties Manukau Limited (Trustee) 

New Zealand 

Reading Properties New Zealand Limited 

New Zealand 

Reading Property Partners No. 1 Discretionary 

Australia 

Reading Properties Pty Limited 

Australia 

Reading Properties Taringa Pty Ltd 

Australia 

Reading Property Holdings Pty Limited 

Australia 

Reading Queenstown Limited 

New Zealand 

RREC LLC (Reading Real Estate Company) 

Pennsylvania 

Reading Restaurants NZ Limited 

New Zealand 

Reading Rouse Hill Pty Limited 

Australia 

Reading Royal George, LLC 

Delaware 

Reading South City Square Pty Limited 

Australia 

Reading Sunbury Pty Limited 

Australia 

Reading Tammany Mezz, LLC 

Delaware 

Reading Tammany Owner, LLC 

Delaware 

Reading Theaters, Inc. 

Delaware 

Reading Traralgon Pty Limited 

Australia 

Reading Wellington Properties Limited 

New Zealand 

Rhodes Peninsula Cinema Pty Limited 

Australia 

Rialto Cinemas Limited 

New Zealand 

Rialto Entertainment Limited 

New Zealand 

Ronwood Investments Limited 

New Zealand 

Rydal Equipment Co. 

Pennsylvania 

2022 List of Exhibits. 

Checked by SV on 3/31/2023 | Sources: Org Chart v 38 + ASIC + NZ Companies 

S Note Liquidation Company, LLC 

Nevada 

Sails Apartments Management Limited 

New Zealand 

Shadow View Land and Farming, LLC 

Nevada 

State Cinema Hobart Pty Ltd (fka - Reading Colac Pty Ltd) 

Australia 

Sutton Hill Properties, LLC 

Nevada 

The Theatre At Legacy L.P. 

Texas 

Tobrooke Holdings Limited 

New Zealand 

Trans-Pacific Finance Fund I, LLC 

Delaware 

Trenton-Princeton Traction Company 

New Jersey 

Twin Cities Cinemas, Inc. 

Delaware 

US Development, LLC 

Nevada 

US International Property Finance Pty Ltd 

Australia 

Washington and Franklin Railway Company 

Pennsylvania 

Westlakes Cinema Pty Limited 

Australia 

W ilmington and Northern Railroad Company 

Pennsylvania 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 rdi-20221231xex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 Auditor Consent

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We have issued our report dated March 31, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of Reading International, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration Statements of Reading International, Inc. on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-167101, File No. 333-225471 and File No. 333-254929). 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 

Los Angeles, California 

March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 rdi-20221231xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CEO Sec 302 Certification

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) AS ADOPTED 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Ellen M. Cotter , certify that: 

1) 

I have reviewed this Annual R eport on Form 10- K of Reading International, Inc.; 

2) 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3) 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report , fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4) 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting ; and 

5) 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting , to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function s ): 

a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information ; and 

b) 

any f raud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in th e registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

By: /s/ Ellen M. Cotter 

Ellen M. Cotter 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

March 31 , 202 3 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 rdi-20221231xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CFO Sec 302 Certification

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) AS ADOPTED 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Gilbert Avanes , certify that: 

1) 

I have reviewed this Annual R eport on Form 10- K of Reading International, Inc.; 

2) 

Based on my knowledge, this r eport does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3) 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report ; 

4) 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have : 

a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared ; 

b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ; 

c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting ; and 

5) 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting , to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function s ): 

a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

By: /s/ Gilbert Avanes 

Gilbert Avanes 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

March 31 , 202 3 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 rdi-20221231xex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CEO Sec 906 Certification

EXHIBIT 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Ellen M. Cotter, Chief Executive Officer of Reading International, Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, do each hereby certify, that, to his or her knowledge : 

The Annual Report on Form 10- K for the period ended December 3 1 , 2022 (the "Report") of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 1 5(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company . 

Dated: March 31 , 202 3 

/s/ Ellen M. Cotter 

Name: Ellen M. Cotter 

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 rdi-20221231xex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CFO Sec 906 Certification

EXHIBIT 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Gilbert Avanes, Chief Financial Officer, of Reading International, Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, do each hereby certify, that, to his or her knowledge: 

The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the "Report") of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Dated: March 31 , 2023 

/s/ Gilbert Avanes 

Name: Gilbert Avanes 

Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 26
 rdi-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 27
 rdi-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 28
 rdi-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 29
 rdi-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 30
 rdi-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

