<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230201_10-K_edgar_data_1564408_0001564408-23-000013.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14805890</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>584994</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3686967</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4498274</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3129512</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2695978</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564408-23-000013.hdr.sgml : 20230201
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230131193741
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564408-23-000013
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		113
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230201
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230131

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Snap Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001564408
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				455452795
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38017
		FILM NUMBER:		23574308

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 31ST STREET
		CITY:			SANTA MONICA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90405
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(310) 399-3339

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 31ST STREET
		CITY:			SANTA MONICA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90405

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Snapchat Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121211

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564408-23-000013.txt : 20230201

10-K
 1
 snap-20221231.htm
 10-K

snap-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ______________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ______________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 Commission File Number 
 ______________________________________________________ 
 . 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ______________________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 ______________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of Class A common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately billion. 
 As of January 27, 2023, the Registrant had shares of Class A common stock, shares of Class B common stock, and shares of Class C common stock outstanding. 
 Auditor Firm Id: Auditor Name: Auditor Location: 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 1 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 3 
 Note Regarding User Metrics and Other Data 
 5 
 PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 6 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Fac tors 
 12 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 50 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 50 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 51 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 51 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 52 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 53 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 54 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 72 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 74 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 111 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 111 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 111 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 111 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 112 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 118 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 138 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 141 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 144 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 145 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 148 
 Signatures 
 149 
 
 ii 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, about us and our industry that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this report, including statements regarding guidance, our future results of operations or financial condition, our future stock repurchase programs or stock dividends, business strategy and plans, user growth and engagement, product initiatives, objectives of management for future operations, and advertiser and partner offerings, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as anticipate, believe, contemplate, continue, could, estimate, expect, going to, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, target, will, or would or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions. We caution you that the foregoing may not include all of the forward-looking statements made in this report. 
 You should not rely on forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends, including our financial outlook, macroeconomic uncertainty, geo-political conflicts, and the COVID-19 pandemic, that we believe may continue to affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors described under Risk Factor Summary below, Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A, and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including among other things: 
 our financial performance, including our revenues, cost of revenues, operating expenses, and our ability to attain and sustain profitability; 
 our ability to generate and sustain positive cash flow; 
 our ability to attract and retain users and partners; 
 our ability to attract and retain advertisers; 
 our ability to compete effectively with existing competitors and new market entrants; 
 our ability to effectively manage our growth and future expenses; 
 our ability to comply with modified or new laws, regulations, and executive actions applying to our business; 
 our ability to maintain, protect, and enhance our intellectual property; 
 our ability to successfully expand in our existing market segments and penetrate new market segments; 
 our ability to attract and retain qualified team members and key personnel; 
 our ability to repay outstanding debt; 
 future acquisitions of or investments in complementary companies, products, services, or technologies; and 
 the potential adverse impact of climate change, natural disasters, health epidemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, macroeconomic conditions, and war or other armed conflict, including Russia s invasion of Ukraine, on our business, operations, and the markets and communities in which we and our partners, advertisers, and users operate. 
 Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The results, events, and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. 
 In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. And while we believe that information provides a reasonable basis for these statements, that information may be limited or incomplete. Our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely on these statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 The forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this report to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, including future developments related to geo-political conflicts, the COVID-19 pandemic, and macroeconomic conditions, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, dispositions, joint ventures, restructurings, legal settlements, or investments. 
 Investors and others should note that we may announce material business and financial information to our investors using our websites (including investor.snap.com), filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, webcasts, press releases, and conference calls. We use these mediums, including Snapchat and our website, to communicate with our members and the public about our company, our products, and other issues. It is possible that the information that we make available may be deemed to be material information. We therefore encourage investors and others interested in our company to review the information that we make available on our websites. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Risk Factor Summary 
 Our business is subject to significant risks and uncertainties that make an investment in us speculative and risky. Below we summarize what we believe are the principal risk factors but these risks are not the only ones we face, and you should carefully review and consider the full discussion of our risk factors in the section titled Risk Factors , together with the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 1. Our Strategy and Advertising Business 
 We operate in a highly competitive and rapidly changing environment so we must continually innovate our products and evolve our business model for us to succeed. 
 We emphasize rapid innovation and prioritize long-term user engagement over short-term financial conditions or results if we believe that it will benefit the aggregate user experience and improve our financial performance over the long term. Although we have achieved profitability in certain periods, we have a history of operating losses and, as a result of our long-term focus, we may prioritize investments and expenses we believe are necessary for our long-term growth over achieving short-term profitability. Investments in our future, including through new products or acquisitions, are inherently risky and may not pay off, which would adversely affect our ability to settle the principal and interest payments on our outstanding convertible senior notes or other indebtedness when due, and further delay or hinder our ability to sustain profitability. This in turn would hinder our ability to secure additional financing to meet our current and future financial needs on favorable terms, or at all. 
 
 We generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising. Our advertising business is most effective when our advertisers succeed. Driving their success requires continual investment in our advertising products and may be hindered by competitive challenges and various legal, regulatory, and operating system changes that make it more difficult for us to achieve and demonstrate a meaningful return for our advertisers. For example, on-going changes to privacy laws and mobile operating systems have made it more difficult for us to measure the effectiveness of advertisements on our services. Additionally, individuals are becoming increasingly resistant to the processing of personal data to deliver behavioral, interest-based, or targeted advertisements, and regulators are likewise scrutinizing such data processing activities, which could reduce the demand for our products and services and threaten our primary revenue stream. Alternative methods, to the extent we can develop such methods in light of changes to privacy laws, mobile operating system requirements, and other changes, will take time to develop and become more widely adopted by our advertisers, and may not be as effective as prior methods. 
 
 We believe that this impact on our targeting, measurement, and optimization capabilities has negatively affected and may continue to negatively affect our operating results. In addition, our advertising business is seasonal, volatile, and cyclical, which could result in fluctuations in our quarterly revenues and operating results, including the expectations of our business prospects. 
 
 Our business and operations have been, and could in the future be, adversely affected by events beyond our control, such as health epidemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, and geo-political events, including the conflict in Ukraine. In addition, macroeconomic factors like labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, and inflation continue to cause logistical challenges, increased input costs, and inventory constraints for our advertisers, which in turn may also halt or decrease advertising spending, and harm our business. 
 2 . Our Community and Competition 
 We need to continually innovate and create new products, and enhance our existing products, to attract, retain, and grow our global community. Products that we create may fail to attract or retain users, or to generate meaningful revenue, if at all. In addition, we have and expect to continue to expand organically and through acquisitions, including in international markets, which we may not be able to effectively manage or scale. If our community does not see the value in our products or brand, or if competitors offer better alternatives, our community could easily switch to other services. Although we have experienced rapid growth in our community over the last few years, we have also experienced declines and there can be no assurance that won t happen again. 
 Many of our competitors have significantly more resources and larger market shares than we do, each of which gives them advantages over us that can make it more difficult for us to succeed. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 3 . Our Partners 
 We primarily rely on Google, Apple, and Amazon to provide their mobile operating systems and other services for our applications and other core services, including our platform. If these partners do not provide their services as we expect, terminate their services, or change or interpret the terms of our agreements, or change the functionality of their mobile operating systems in ways that are adverse to us, our service may be interrupted and our product experience could be degraded, and these may harm our reputation, increase our costs, or make it harder for us to sustain profitability. Many other parts of our business depend on partners, including content partners and advertising partners, so our success depends on our ability to attract and retain these partners. 
 4. Our Technology and Regulation 
 Our business is complex and success depends on our ability to rapidly innovate, the interoperability of our service on many different smartphones and mobile operating systems, and our ability to handle sensitive user data with the care our users expect. Because our systems and our products are constantly changing, we are susceptible to data breaches, cyber attacks, security incidents, bugs, and other vulnerabilities and errors in how our products work and are measured. We may also fail to maintain effective processes that report our metrics or financial results. Given the complexity of the systems involved and the rapidly changing nature of mobile devices and operating systems, we expect to encounter issues, particularly if we continue to expand in parts of the world where mobile data systems and connections are less stable. 
 We are also subject to complex and evolving federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, biometric processing, content, taxes, and other matters, which are subject to change and have uncertain interpretations. Given the nature of our business, we are particularly susceptible to changes in such laws regarding privacy and data protection, which may require us to change our products and may impact our revenue stream. Any actual or perceived failure to comply with such legal and regulatory obligations, including in connection with our consent decree with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, may lead to costly litigation or otherwise adversely impact our business. 
 We also must actively protect our intellectual property. We are subject to various legal proceedings, claims, class actions, inquiries, and investigations related to our intellectual property, which may be costly or distract management. We also rely on a variety of statutory and common-law frameworks for the content we provide our users, including the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, the Communications Decency Act, and the fair-use doctrine, each of which has been subject to adverse judicial, political, and regulatory scrutiny in recent times. 
 5 . Our Team and Capital Structure 
 We need to attract and retain a high caliber team to maintain our competitive position. We may incur significant costs and expenses in maintaining and growing our team, and may lose valuable members of our team as we compete globally, including with our competitors, for key talent. A substantial portion of our employment costs is paid in our common stock, the price of which has been volatile, and our ability to attract and retain talent may be adversely affected if our shares decline in value. 
 Our two co-founders, who serve as our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer, control over 99 of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock, which means they control substantially all outcomes submitted to stockholders. Class A common stockholders have no voting rights, unless required by Delaware law. This concentrated control may result in our co-founders voting their shares in their best interest, which might not always be in the interest of our stockholders generally. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE REGARDING USER METRICS AND OTHER DATA 
 We define a Daily Active User, or DAU, as a registered Snapchat user who opens the Snapchat application at least once during a defined 24-hour period. We calculate average DAUs for a particular quarter by adding the number of DAUs on each day of that quarter and dividing that sum by the number of days in that quarter. DAUs are broken out by geography because markets have different characteristics. We define average revenue per user, or ARPU, as quarterly revenue divided by the average DAUs. For purposes of calculating ARPU, revenue by user geography is apportioned to each region based on our determination of the geographic location in which advertising impressions are delivered, as this approximates revenue based on user activity. This allocation differs from our components of revenue disclosure in the notes to our consolidated financial statements, where revenue is based on the billing address of the advertising customer. For information concerning these metrics as measured by us, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Unless otherwise stated, statistical information regarding our users and their activities is determined by calculating the daily average of the selected activity for the most recently completed quarter included in this report. 
 While these metrics are determined based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates of our user base for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring how our products are used across large populations globally. For example, there may be individuals who have unauthorized or multiple Snapchat accounts, even though we forbid that in our Terms of Service and implement measures to detect and suppress that behavior. We have not determined the number of such multiple accounts. 
 Changes in our products, infrastructure, mobile operating systems, or metric tracking system, or the introduction of new products, may impact our ability to accurately determine active users or other metrics and we may not determine such inaccuracies promptly. We also believe that we don t capture all data regarding each of our active users. Technical issues may result in data not being recorded from every user s application. For example, because some Snapchat features can be used without internet connectivity, we may not count a DAU because we don t receive timely notice that a user has opened the Snapchat application. This undercounting may increase as we grow in Rest of World markets where users may have poor connectivity. We do not adjust our reported metrics to reflect this underreporting. We believe that we have adequate controls to collect user metrics, however, there is no uniform industry standard. We continually seek to identify these technical issues and improve both our accuracy and precision, including ensuring that our investors and others can understand the factors impacting our business, but these technical issues and new issues may continue in the future, including if there continues to be no uniform industry standard. 
 Some of our demographic data may be incomplete or inaccurate. For example, because users self-report their dates of birth, our age-demographic data may differ from our users actual ages. And because users who signed up for Snapchat before June 2013 were not asked to supply their date of birth, we may exclude those users from our age demographics or estimate their ages based on a sample of the self-reported ages that we do have. If our active users provide us with incorrect or incomplete information regarding their age or other attributes, then our estimates may prove inaccurate and fail to meet investor expectations. 
 In the past we have relied on third-party analytics providers to calculate our metrics, but today we rely primarily on our analytics platform that we developed and operate. We count a DAU only when a user opens the application and only once per user per day. We believe this methodology more accurately measures our user engagement. We have multiple pipelines of user data that we use to determine whether a user has opened the application during a particular day, and becoming a DAU. This provides redundancy in the event one pipeline of data were to become unavailable for technical reasons, and also gives us redundant data to help measure how users interact with our application. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective analytics platform, our metrics calculations may be inaccurate. We regularly review, have adjusted in the past, and are likely in the future to adjust our processes for calculating our internal metrics to improve their accuracy. As a result of such adjustments, our DAUs or other metrics may not be comparable to those in prior periods. Our measures of DAUs may differ from estimates published by third parties or from similarly titled metrics of our competitors due to differences in methodology or data used. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Overview 
 Snap Inc. is a technology company. We believe the camera presents the greatest opportunity to improve the way people live and communicate. We contribute to human progress by empowering people to express themselves, live in the moment, learn about the world, and have fun together. 
 Our flagship product, Snapchat, is a visual messaging application that enhances your relationships with friends, family, and the world. Visual messaging is a fast, fun way to communicate with friends and family using augmented reality, video, voice, messaging, and creative tools. Snaps are deleted by default to mimic real-life conversations, so there is less pressure to look popular or perfect when creating and sending images on Snapchat. By reducing the friction typically associated with creating and sharing content, Snapchat has become one of the most used cameras in the world. 
 The camera is a powerful tool for communication and the entry point for augmented reality experiences. By opening directly to the camera, Snapchat empowers our community to express themselves instantly and offers millions of augmented reality Lenses for self expression, learning, and play. In the way that the flashing cursor became the starting point for most products on desktop computers, we believe the camera screen will be the starting point for most products on smartphones. This is because images created by smartphone cameras contain more context and richer information than other forms of input like text entered on a keyboard. Given the magnitude of this opportunity, we are investing and innovating to continue to deliver products and services that are differentiated and that are better able to reflect and improve our life experiences. 
 Snapchat 
 Snapchat is our core mobile device application and contains five distinct tabs, complemented by additional tools that function outside of the application. With a breadth of visual messaging and content experiences available within the application, Snapchatters can interact with all five, or a subset of those five tabs. 
 Camera : The Camera is a powerful tool for communication and the entry point for augmented reality experiences in Snapchat. Snapchat opens directly to the Camera, making it easy to create a Snap and send it to friends. Our augmented reality, or AR, capabilities within our Camera allow for creativity and self-expression. We offer millions of Lenses, created by both us and our community, along with creative tools and licensed music and audio clips, which make it easy for people to personalize and contextualize their Snaps. We also offer voice and scanning technology within our Camera. While Snaps are deleted by default to mimic real-life conversations, users can save their creativity through a searchable collection of Memories stored on both their Snapchat account and their mobile device. A user can also create Snaps on our wearable devices, Spectacles. Spectacles connect seamlessly with Snapchat and capture photos and video from a human perspective. Our latest version of Spectacles, designed for creators, overlays AR Lenses directly onto the world. 
 Visual Messaging : Visual Messaging is a fast, fun way to communicate with friends and family using augmented reality, video, voice, messaging and creative tools. They can also communicate with our proprietary personalized avatar tool, Bitmoji, and its associated contextual stickers and images, which integrate seamlessly into both mobile devices and desktop browsers. 
 Snap Map : Snap Map is a live and highly personalized map that allows Snapchatters to connect with friends and explore what is going on in their local area. Snap Map makes it easy to locate nearby friends who choose to share their location, view a heatmap of recent Snaps posted to Our Story by location, and locate local businesses. Places, rich profiles of local businesses that include information such as store hours and reviews, overlay specialized experiences from select partners on top of Snap Map, and allow Snapchatters to take direct actions from Snap Map, such as sharing a favorite store, ordering takeout, or making a reservation. 
 Stories : Stories are a fun way to stay connected with people you care most about. Stories feature content from a Snapchatter s friends, our community, and our content partners. Friends Stories allow our community to express themselves in narrative form through photos and videos, shown in chronological order, to their friends. The Discover section of this tab displays curated content based on a Snapchatter s subscriptions and interests, and features news and entertainment from both our creator community and publisher partners. We also offer Public Profiles, as a way for our creator community and our advertising partners to memorialize and scale their content and AR Lenses on our platform. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Spotlight : Spotlight showcases the best of Snapchat, helping people discover new creators and content in a personalized way. Here we surface the most entertaining Snaps from our community all in one place, which becomes tailored to each Snapchatter over time based on their preferences and favorites. The Trending page allows Snapchatters to discover and engage with popular topics and genres. 
 Additionally, we offer Snapchat+, our subscription product that provides subscribers access to exclusive, experimental, and pre-release features. Snapchat+ offers a variety of features from allowing Snapchatters to customize the look and feel of their app, to giving special insights into their friendships. We also offer Snapchat for Web, a browser-based product that brings Snapchat s signature calling and ephemeral messaging capabilities to the web. 
 Our Partner Ecosystem 
 Many elements and features of Snapchat are enhanced by our expansive partner ecosystem that includes developers, creators, publishers, and advertisers, among others. We help them create and bring diverse content and experiences into Snapchat, leverage Snapchat capabilities in their own applications and websites, and use advertising to promote these and other experiences to our large, engaged, and differentiated user base. We seek to reward our partner ecosystem for their creativity, and continue to support them as they grow their audience and build their business on Snapchat. 
 Developers are able to integrate with Snapchat and its core technologies, like Snap s AR Camera and Bitmoji, through a variety of tools. Creative Kit gives developers and their communities a seamless sharing experience from their app directly to Snapchat. Through Camera Kit, our partners can embed Snap s AR platform directly into their application, extending the use of AR beyond self-expression and communication use cases. We also provide developers a turnkey suite of tools and services that enable them to create AR Lenses and track the performance of those through analytics. Finally, developers can bring an inclusive mode of identity and expression to their apps and games with our Bitmoji for Developers APIs and SDKs. 
 AR creators can use Lens Studio, our powerful desktop application designed for creators and developers, to build augmented reality experiences for Snapchatters. Spotlight creators can utilize our content creation tools to reach millions of Snapchatters and build their businesses through various monetization opportunities. Our Creator Marketplace connects both AR and Spotlight creators directly with our advertising partners. We provide monetizable opportunities through programs like the Snap Lens Network and Ghost, which provide grants to support AR product development across many industries. We also support our content creator community through a number of programs, including advertising revenue sharing on our mid-roll advertisements in Snap Stars Stories. 
 Publisher partners can expand their audiences and monetize content through our Discover platform. In addition, we work with various telecommunications providers and original equipment manufacturers, particularly as we build our presence in new markets. 
 Our Advertising Products 
 We connect both brand and direct response advertisers to Snapchatters globally. Our ad products are built on the same foundation that makes our consumer products successful. This means that we can take the things we learn while creating our consumer products and apply them to building innovative and engaging advertising products familiar to our community. 
 AR Ads : Advertising through Snap s AR tools unlocks the ability to reach a unique audience in a highly differentiated way through AR Lenses. AR Lenses are designed through our camera to take advantage of the reach and scale of our augmented reality platform to create visually engaging 3D experiences, including the ability to visualize and try on products such as beauty, apparel, accessories, and footwear. AR Lenses can be memorialized on Snapchat, through Public Profiles that aggregate content and lenses in a single, easy to find place. 
 Snap Ads : We let advertisers tell their stories the same way our users do, using full screen videos with sound. These also allow advertisers to integrate additional experiences and actions directly within these advertisements, including watching a long-form video, visiting a website, or installing an app. Snap Ads include the following: 
 Single Image or Video Ads: These are full screen ads that are skippable, and can contain an attachment to enable Snapchatters to swipe up and take action. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Story Ads: Story Ads are branded tiles that live within the Discover section of the Stories tab that can be either video ads or a series of 3 to 20 images. 
 Collection Ads: Collection Ads feature four tappable tiles to showcase multiple products, giving Snapchatters a frictionless way to browse and buy. 
 Dynamic Ads: Dynamic ads leverage our machine learning algorithm to match a product catalog to serve the right ad to the right Snapchatter at the right time. 
 Commercials: Commercials are non-skippable for six seconds, but can last up to three minutes. These ads appear within Snapchat s curated content. 
 Campaign Management and Delivery : We aim to continually improve the way these ad formats are purchased and delivered. We have invested heavily to build our self-serve advertising platform, which provides automated, sophisticated, and scalable ad buying and campaign management. 
 We offer the ability to bid for advertisements that are designated to drive Snapchatters to: visit a website, make a purchase, visit a local business, call or text a business, watch a story or video, download an app, or return to an app, among others. Additionally, our delivery framework continues to optimize relevance of ads across the entire platform by determining the best ad to show to any given user based on their real-time and historical attributes and activity. This decreases the number of wasted impressions while improving the effectiveness of the ads that are shown to our community. This helps advertisers increase their return on investment by providing more refined targeting, the ability to test and learn with different creatives or campaign attributes in real time, and the dynamics of our self-serve pricing. 
 Measuring Advertising Effectiveness : We offer first-party measurement solutions and we support our advertising partners preferred third-party measurement solutions to provide a vast array of analytics on campaign attributes like reach, frequency, demographics, and viewability; changes in perceptions like brand favorability or purchase intent; and lifts in actual behavior like purchases, foot traffic, app installs, and online purchases. 
 Technology 
 Our research and development efforts focus on product development, advertising technology, and large-scale infrastructure. 
 Product Development : We work relentlessly and invest heavily to create and improve products for our community and our partners. We develop a wide range of products related to visual messaging and storytelling that are powered by a variety of new technologies. 
 Advertising Technology : We constantly develop and expand our advertising products and technology. In an effort to provide a strong and scalable return on investment to our advertisers, our advertising technology roadmap centers around improving our delivery framework, measurement capabilities, and self-serve tools. 
 Large-scale Infrastructure : We spend considerable resources and investment on the underlying architecture that powers our products, such as optimizing the delivery of billions of videos to hundreds of millions of people around the world every day. We currently partner with third party providers to support the infrastructure for our growing needs. These partnerships have allowed us to scale quickly without upfront physical infrastructure costs, allowing us to focus our efforts on product innovation. 
 Employees and Culture 
 We seek to be a force for good through our products, our work to strengthen our communities, our efforts to make a positive impact on the planet, and our inclusive workplace. 
 Supporting Our Team : Our values at Snap are being kind, smart, and creative, and we put those values into action through how we support our team and how our team supports one another. Council, which is a practice of active listening that promotes open-mindedness and cultivates empathy and compassion among participants, helps us build and sustain a community steeped in integrity, connection, collaboration, creativity, and kindness. Our talent development programs seek to unlock potential by helping team members advance, learn, and grow in a fair and equitable way at Snap. We focus on the health and well-being of our employees through programs and benefits that support their physical, emotional, and financial fitness. To attract and retain the best talent, we aim to offer challenging work in an environment that enables our employees 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 to have a direct meaningful contribution to new and exciting projects. Underlying these values is our commitment to ethical conduct where we work to instill in our team that acting with integrity means being your whole self, being honest, and doing the right thing. 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion : Snap has long supported a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, or DEI, program, and we have made progress on a number of fronts, including diversifying our board of directors and executive leadership, introducing new accountability around DEI outcomes, maintaining an allyship program to inspire a more inclusive culture, and enhancing our recruiting process to continue driving diverse hiring. To aid in our mission, we publish a Diversity Annual Report that discusses our goals with respect to diversity, equity, and inclusion efforts. This report outlines our beliefs around the idea that an inclusive workplace and inclusive products are central to achieving that purpose. This report is excerpted in our broader CitizenSnap Report that details the work we re doing to support our communities, our planet, and our team, and is available on our website at www.snap.com. 
 Human Capital : As part of our human capital resource objectives, we seek to recruit, retain, and incentivize our highly talented existing and future employees. We believe that creating an inclusive environment where team members can grow, develop, and be their true selves is critical to attracting and retaining talent. Our compensation philosophies also align to that belief. 
 Our compensation philosophy is based around building a culture of ownership and high performance by putting both impact and our values at the center of our performance feedback process and pay outcomes. We utilize equity as part of our compensation practices to drive a long-term orientation and have committed to paying a minimum living wage for all employees globally. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 5,288 full-time employees, of whom approximately 57 are in engineering roles involved in the design, development, support, and manufacture of new and existing products and processes. 
 Climate Change: We continue to deepen our commitment to help combat climate change. In 2021, we adopted science-based emissions reduction targets approved by the Science Based Targets Initiative and became historically carbon neutral from our founding in 2011 through 2020. In 2022, we remained carbon neutral by purchasing offsets to balance emissions attributable to Snap through December 31, 2021 and are committed to achieving net negative carbon emissions by 2030. We also purchased renewable energy certificates in 2022 sufficient to cover all of the electricity consumed in our global operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Our Commitment to Privacy 
 Our approach to privacy is simple: Be upfront, offer choices, and never forget that our community comes first. 
 We built Snapchat as an antidote to the context-less communication that has plagued social media. Not so long ago, a conversation among friends would be just that: a private communication in which you knew exactly who you were talking to, what you were talking about, and whether what you were saying was being memorialized for eternity. Somewhere along the way, social media by prioritizing virality and permanence sapped conversations of this valuable context and choice. When we began to communicate online, we lost some of what made communication great: spontaneity, emotion, honesty the full range of human expression that makes us human in the first place. 
 We don t think digital communication has to be this way. That s why choice matters. We build products and services that emphasize the context of a conversation who, when, what, and where something is being said. If you don t have the autonomy to shape the context of a conversation, the conversation will simply be shaped by the permanent feeds that homogenize online conversations. 
 When you read our Privacy Policy, we hope that you ll notice how much we care about the integrity of personal communication. For starters, we ve written our Privacy Policy in plain language because we think it s important that everyone understands exactly how we handle their information. Otherwise, it s hard to make informed choices about how you communicate. We ve also created a robust Privacy and Safety Hub where we show that context and choice are more than talking points. There, we point out the many ways that users can control who sees their Snaps and Stories, and explain how long content will remain on our servers, how users can manage the information that we do have about them, and much more. This is where you ll also find our Transparency Report in which we provide insight into these efforts and visibility into the nature and volume of content reported on our platform. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 We also understand that privacy policies no matter how ambitious are only as good as the people and practices behind those policies. When someone trusts us to transmit or store their information, we know we have a responsibility to protect that information and we work hard to keep it secure. New features go through an intense privacy-review process we debate pros and cons, and we work hard to build products we re proud of and that we ll want to use. We use Snapchat constantly, both at work and in our personal lives, and we handle user information with the same care that we want for our family, our friends, and ourselves. 
 Competition 
 We compete with other companies in every aspect of our business, particularly with companies that focus on mobile engagement and advertising. Many of these companies, such as Alphabet (including Google and YouTube), Apple, ByteDance (including TikTok), Meta (including Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp), Pinterest, and Twitter, may have greater financial and human resources and, in some cases, larger user bases. Given the breadth of our product offerings, we also compete with companies that develop products or otherwise operate in the mobile, camera, communication, content, and advertising industries that offer, or will offer, products and services that may compete with Snapchat features or offerings. Our competitors span from internet technology companies and digital platforms, to traditional companies in print, radio, and television sectors to underlying technologies like default smartphone cameras and messaging. Additionally, our competition for engagement varies by region. For instance, we face competition from companies like Kakao, LINE, Naver (including Snow), and Tencent in Asia. 
 We compete to attract and retain our users attention, both in terms of reach and engagement. Since our products and those of our competitors are typically free, we compete based on our brand and the quality and nature of our product offerings rather than on price. As such, we invest heavily in constantly improving and expanding our product lines. 
 We also compete with other companies to attract and retain partners and advertisers, which depends primarily on our reach and ability to deliver a strong return on investment. 
 Finally, we compete to attract and retain highly talented individuals, including software engineers, designers, and product managers. In addition to providing competitive compensation packages, we compete for talent by fostering a culture of working hard to create great products and experiences and allowing our employees to have a direct meaningful contribution to new and exciting projects. 
 Seasonality in Our Business 
 We have historically seen seasonality in our business. Overall advertising spend tends to be strongest in the fourth quarter of the calendar year, and we have observed a similar pattern in our historical revenue. We have also experienced seasonality in our user engagement, generally seeing lower engagement during summer months and higher engagement in December. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technologies. To protect our proprietary rights, we rely on a combination of intellectual property rights in the United States and other jurisdictions, including patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secret laws, license agreements, internal procedures, and contractual provisions. We also enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors and sign confidentiality agreements with third parties. Our internal controls are designed to restrict access to proprietary technology. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 2,425 issued patents and approximately 3,247 filed patent applications in the United States and foreign countries relating to our camera platform and other technologies. Our issued patents will expire between 2023 and 2047. We may not be able to obtain protection for our intellectual property, and our existing and future patents, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights may not provide us with competitive advantages or distinguish our products and services from those of our competitors. 
 We license content, trademarks, technology, and other intellectual property from our partners, and rely on our license agreements with those partners to use the intellectual property. We also enter into licensing agreements with third parties to receive rights to patents and other know-how. Third parties may assert claims related to intellectual property rights against our partners or us. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Other companies and non-practicing entities that own patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights related to the mobile, camera, communication, content, internet, and other technology-related industries frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation, and other violations of intellectual property or other rights. As our business continues to grow and competition increases, we will likely face more claims related to intellectual property and litigation matters. 
 Government Regulation 
 We are subject to many federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations, including those related to privacy, rights of publicity, data protection, content regulation, intellectual property, health and safety, competition, protection of minors, consumer protection, employment, money transmission, import and export restrictions, gift cards, electronic funds transfers, anti-money laundering, advertising, algorithms, encryption, and taxation. These laws and regulations are constantly evolving and may be interpreted, applied, created, or amended in a manner that could harm our business. Compliance with these laws and regulations has not had, and is not expected to have, a material effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations, and competitive position as compared to prior periods, and we do not currently anticipate material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities. 
 In December 2014, the Federal Trade Commission resolved an investigation into some of our early practices by handing down a final order. That order requires, among other things, that we establish a robust privacy program to govern how we treat user data. During the 20-year lifespan of the order, we must complete biennial independent privacy audits. In June 2014, we entered into a 10-year assurance of discontinuance with the Attorney General of Maryland implementing similar practices, including measures to prevent minors from creating accounts and providing annual compliance reports. Violating existing or future regulatory orders or consent decrees could subject us to substantial monetary fines and other penalties that could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Furthermore, foreign data protection, privacy, consumer protection, content regulation, and other laws and regulations are often more restrictive than those in the United States. It is possible that certain governments may seek to block or limit our products or otherwise impose other restrictions that may affect the accessibility or usability of any or all our products for an extended period of time or indefinitely. Not all of our products are available in all locations and may not be due to such laws and regulations. Our public policy team monitors legal and regulatory developments in the United States, as well as many foreign countries, and communicates with policymakers and regulators in the United States and internationally. 
 Corporate Information 
 We were formed as Future Freshman, LLC, a California limited liability company, in 2010. We changed our name to Toyopa Group, LLC in 2011, incorporated as Snapchat, Inc., a Delaware corporation, in 2012, and changed our name to Snap Inc. in 2016. We completed our initial public offering in March 2017 and our Class A common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, under the symbol SNAP. 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 3000 31st Street, Santa Monica, California 90405, and our telephone number is (310) 399-3339. Snap Inc., Snapchat, and our other registered and common-law trade names, trademarks, and service marks appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are property of Snap Inc. or our subsidiaries. 
 Information about Segment and Geographic Revenue 
 Information about segment and geographic revenue is set forth in Notes 1 and 2 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Available Information 
 Our website address is www.snap.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act are filed with the SEC. Such reports and other information filed or furnished by us with the SEC are available free of charge on our website at investor.snap.com when such reports are available on the SEC s website. We use our website, including investor.snap.com, as a means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Information contained in, or accessible through, the websites referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not incorporated into this filing. Further, our references to website addresses are only as inactive textual references. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and the related notes. If any of the following risks actually occurs (or if any of those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K occurs), our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, revenue, and future prospects could be seriously harmed. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. Unless otherwise indicated, references to our business being seriously harmed in these risk factors will include harm to our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, revenue, and future prospects. In that event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 Our ecosystem of users, advertisers, and partners depends on the engagement of our user base. Our user base growth rate has declined in the past and it may do so again in the future. If we fail to retain current users or add new users, or if our users engage less with Snapchat, our business would be seriously harmed. 
 We had 375 million daily active users, or DAUs, on average in the quarter ended December 31, 2022. We view DAUs as a critical measure of our user engagement, and adding, maintaining, and engaging DAUs have been and will continue to be necessary. Our DAUs and DAU growth rate have declined in the past and they may decline in the future due to various factors, including as the size of our active user base increases, as we achieve higher market penetration rates, as we face continued competition for our users and their time, or if there are performance issues with our service. For example, in 2018, we believe our DAUs declined primarily due to changes in the design of our application and continued performance issues with the Android version of our application. In addition, as we achieve maximum market penetration rates among younger users in developed markets, future growth in DAUs will need to come from older users in those markets, developing markets, or users with Android mobile operating systems, which may not be possible or may be more difficult or time-consuming for us to achieve. While we may experience periods when our DAUs increase due to products and services with short-term popularity, or due to a lack of other events that compete for our users attention, we may not always be able to attract new users, retain existing users, or maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement if current or potential new users do not perceive our products to be fun, engaging, and useful. In addition, because our products typically require high bandwidth data capabilities for users to benefit from all of the features and capabilities of our application, many of our users live in countries with high-end mobile device penetration and high bandwidth capacity cellular networks with large coverage areas. We therefore do not expect to experience rapid user growth or engagement in regions with either low smartphone penetration or a lack of well-established and high bandwidth capacity cellular networks. If our DAU growth rate slows or becomes stagnant, or we have a decline in DAUs, our financial performance will increasingly depend on our ability to elevate user activity or increase the monetization of our users. 
 Snapchat is free and easy to join, the barrier to entry for new entrants in our business is low, and the switching costs to another platform are also low. Moreover, the majority of our users are 18-34 years old. This demographic may be less brand loyal and more likely to follow trends, including viral trends, than other demographics. These factors may lead users to switch to another product, which would negatively affect our user retention, growth, and engagement. Snapchat also may not be able to penetrate other demographics in a meaningful manner. Falling user retention, growth, or engagement could make Snapchat less attractive to advertisers and partners, which may seriously harm our business. In addition, we continue to compete with other companies to attract and retain our users attention. We calculate average DAUs for a particular quarter by adding the number of DAUs on each day of that quarter and dividing that sum by the number of days in that quarter. This calculation may mask any individual days or months within the quarter that are significantly higher or lower than the quarterly average. There are many factors that could negatively affect user retention, growth, and engagement, including if: 
 users engage more with competing products instead of ours; 
 our competitors continue to mimic our products or improve on them; 
 we fail to introduce new and exciting products and services or those we introduce or modify are poorly received; 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 our products fail to operate effectively or compatibly on the iOS or Android mobile operating systems; 
 we are unable to continue to develop products that work with a variety of mobile operating systems, networks, and smartphones; 
 we do not provide a compelling user experience because of the decisions we make regarding the type and frequency of advertisements that we display or the structure and design of our products; 
 we are unable to combat spam, bad actors, or other hostile or inappropriate usage on our products; 
 there are changes in user sentiment about the quality or usefulness of our products in the short-term, long-term, or both; 
 there are concerns about the privacy implications, safety, or security of our products and our processing of personal data; 
 our content partners do not create content that is engaging, useful, or relevant to users; 
 our content partners decide not to renew agreements or devote the resources to create engaging content, or do not provide content exclusively to us; 
 advertisers and partners display ads that are untrue, offensive, or otherwise fail to follow our guidelines; 
 our products are subject to increased regulatory scrutiny or approvals, including from international privacy regulators (particularly in the EEA/UK), or there are changes in our products that are mandated or prompted by legislation, regulatory authorities, executive actions, or litigation, including settlements or consent decrees, that adversely affect the user experience; 
 technical or other problems frustrate the user experience, including by providers that host our platforms, particularly if those problems prevent us from delivering our product experience in a fast and reliable manner; 
 we fail to provide adequate service to users, advertisers, or partners; 
 we do not provide a compelling user experience to entice users to use the Snapchat application on a daily basis, or our users don t have the ability to make new friends to maximize the user experience; 
 we, our partners, or other companies in our industry segment are the subject of adverse media reports or other negative publicity, some of which may be inaccurate or include confidential information that we are unable to correct or retract; 
 we do not maintain our brand image or our reputation is damaged; or 
 our current or future products reduce user activity on Snapchat by making it easier for our users to interact directly with our partners. 
 Any decrease to user retention, growth, or engagement could render our products less attractive to users, advertisers, or partners, and would seriously harm our business. 
 Snapchat depends on effectively operating with mobile operating systems, hardware, networks, regulations, and standards that we do not control. Changes in our products or to those mobile operating systems, hardware, networks, regulations, or standards may seriously harm our user retention, growth, and engagement. 
 Because Snapchat is used primarily on mobile devices, the application must remain interoperable with popular mobile operating systems, primarily Android and iOS, application stores, and related hardware, including mobile-device cameras. The owners and operators of such mobile operating systems and application stores, primarily Google and Apple, each have approval authority over our core products and provide consumers with other products that compete with ours, and there is no guarantee that any approval will not be rescinded in the future. Additionally, mobile devices and mobile-device cameras are manufactured by a wide array of companies. Those companies have no obligation to test the interoperability of new mobile devices, mobile-device cameras, or related devices with Snapchat, and may produce new products that are incompatible with or not optimal for Snapchat. We have no control over these mobile operating systems, application stores, or hardware, and any changes may degrade our products functionality, or give preferential treatment to competitive products. Actions by government authorities may also impact our access to these systems or hardware and could seriously harm Snapchat usage. Our competitors that control the mobile operating systems and related hardware could make interoperability of our products more difficult or display their competitive offerings more prominently than ours. Additionally, our competitors that control the standards for the application stores could make Snapchat, or certain features of Snapchat, inaccessible for a potentially significant period of time or require us to make changes to maintain 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 access. We plan to continue to introduce new products and features regularly, including some features that may only work on the latest systems and hardware, and have experienced that it takes time to optimize new products and features to function with the variety of existing mobile operating systems, hardware, and standards, impacting the popularity of such products, and we expect this trend to continue. 
 Moreover, our products require high-bandwidth data capabilities. If the costs of data usage increase or access to cellular networks is limited, our user retention, growth, and engagement may be seriously harmed. Additionally, to deliver high-quality video and other content over mobile cellular networks, our products must work well with a range of mobile technologies, systems, networks, regulations, and standards that we do not control and which may be subject to future changes. In addition, the proposal or adoption of any laws, regulations, or initiatives that adversely affect the growth, popularity, or use of the internet, including laws governing internet neutrality, could decrease the demand for our products and increase our cost of doing business. 
 For example, in January 2018, the Federal Communications Commission, or FCC, issued an order that repealed the open internet rules, which prohibit mobile providers in the United States from impeding access to most content, or otherwise unfairly discriminating against content providers like us and also prohibit mobile providers from entering into arrangements with specific content providers for faster or better access over their data networks. The FCC order repealing the open internet rules went into effect in June 2018. The core aspects of that order have been upheld by the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, but a number of states have adopted or are considering legislation or executive actions to impose state-level open internet rules, and those actions have been or can be expected to be challenged in court. More recently, U.S. President Biden issued an executive order encouraging the FCC to restore the open internet rules. We cannot predict whether the FCC order or state initiatives regulating providers will ultimately be upheld, modified, overturned, or vacated by further legal action, federal legislation, or the FCC, or the degree to which such outcomes would adversely affect our business, if at all. Similarly, the European Union requires equal access to internet content, but as part of certain initiatives and reviews (including recent modifications to the European Electronic Communications Code and proposals to expand the scope and nature of the EU Network and Information Security Directive), the European Union may impose additional obligations, including network security requirements, reporting and transparency obligations, disability access, or 911-like obligations on certain over-the-top services or those that qualify as electronic communication services. If we are considered to be in the scope of such service definition, our costs of doing business could increase and our business could be seriously harmed. The European Union s highest court has also issued rulings that may limit our ability to engage in certain practices, such as zero rating. If the FCC s repeal of the open internet rules is maintained, state initiatives are modified, overturned, or vacated, or the European Union modifies these open internet rules or limits commercial practices, mobile and internet providers may be able to limit our users ability to access Snapchat or make Snapchat a less attractive alternative to our competitors applications. Were that to happen, our ability to retain existing users or attract new users may be impaired, and our business would be seriously harmed. 
 We may not successfully cultivate relationships with key industry participants or develop products that operate effectively with these technologies, systems, networks, regulations, or standards. If it becomes more difficult for our users to access and use Snapchat, if our users choose not to access or use Snapchat, or if our users choose to use products that do not offer access to Snapchat, our business and user retention, growth, and engagement could be seriously harmed. 
 We rely on Google Cloud and Amazon Web Services, or AWS, for the vast majority of our computing, storage, bandwidth, and other services. Any disruption of or interference with our use of either platform would negatively affect our operations and seriously harm our business. 
 Google and Amazon provide distributed computing infrastructure platforms for business operations, commonly referred to as a cloud computing service. We currently run the vast majority of our computing on Google Cloud and AWS, have built our software and computer systems to use computing, storage capabilities, bandwidth, and other services provided by Google and AWS and our systems are not fully redundant on the two platforms. Any transition of the cloud services currently provided by either Google Cloud or AWS to the other platform or to another cloud provider would be difficult to implement and would cause us to incur significant time and expense. Given this, any significant disruption of or interference with Google Cloud or AWS, whether temporary, regular, or prolonged, would negatively impact our operations and our business would be seriously harmed. If our users or partners are not able to access Snapchat or specific Snapchat features, or encounter difficulties in doing so, due to issues or disruptions with Google Cloud or AWS, we may lose users, partners, or advertising revenue. The level of service provided by Google Cloud and AWS or similar providers may also impact our users , advertisers , and partners usage of and satisfaction with Snapchat and could seriously harm our business and reputation if the level of service decreases. Hosting costs also have and will continue to increase as our 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 user base and user engagement grows and may seriously harm our business if we are unable to grow our revenues faster than the cost of utilizing the services of Google Cloud, AWS, or similar providers. 
 
 In addition, Google or Amazon may take actions beyond our control that could seriously harm our business, including: 
 discontinuing or limiting our access to its cloud platform; 
 increasing pricing terms; 
 terminating or seeking to terminate our contractual relationship altogether; 
 establishing more favorable relationships or pricing terms with one or more of our competitors; or 
 modifying or interpreting its terms of service or other policies in a manner that impacts our ability to run our business and operations. 
 We generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising. The failure to attract new advertisers, the loss of advertisers, or a reduction in how much they spend could seriously harm our business. 
 Substantially all of our revenue is generated from third parties advertising on Snapchat. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, advertising revenue accounted for approximately 99 , 99 , and 99 of total revenue, respectively. Even though we have introduced other revenue streams, including a subscription model, we still expect this trend to continue for the foreseeable future. Although we try to establish longer-term advertising commitments with advertisers, most advertisers do not have long-term advertising commitments with us, and our efforts to establish long-term commitments may not succeed. 
 Our advertising customers vary from small businesses to well-known brands. Many of our customers only recently started working with our advertising solutions and spend a relatively small portion of their overall advertising budget with us, but some customers have devoted meaningful budgets that contribute to our total revenue. In addition, advertisers may view some of our advertising solutions as experimental and unproven, or prefer certain of our products over others. Advertisers, including our customers who have devoted meaningful advertising budgets to our product, will not continue to do business with us if we do not deliver advertisements in an effective manner, or if they do not believe that their investment in advertising with us will generate a competitive return relative to other alternatives. As our business continues to develop, there may be new or existing advertisers or resellers, or advertisers or resellers from different geographic regions that contribute more significantly to our total revenue. Any economic or political instability, whether as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the conflict in Ukraine, the macroeconomic climate, or otherwise, in a specific country or region may negatively impact the global or local economy, advertising ecosystem, our customers and their budgets with us, or our ability to forecast our advertising revenue, and our business would be seriously harmed. 
 Moreover, we rely heavily on our ability to collect and disclose data, and metrics to our advertisers so we can attract new advertisers and retain existing advertisers. Any restriction or inability, whether by law, regulation, policy, or other reason, to collect and disclose data and metrics which our advertisers find useful would impede our ability to attract and retain advertisers. Regulators around the world are increasingly scrutinizing and regulating the collection, use, and sharing of personal data related to advertising, which could materially impact our revenue and seriously harm our business. For example, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation, or EU GDPR, and the United Kingdom s GDPR, or UK GDPR, expanded the rights of individuals to control how their personal data is collected and processed, and placed restrictions on the use of personal data of younger minors. The processing of personal data for personalized advertising under GDPR continues to be under increased scrutiny from European regulators, which includes ongoing regulatory action against large technology companies like ours, the outcomes of which may be uncertain and subject to appeal. The upcoming European Digital Services Act, or DSA, which will go into effect in late 2023 or early 2024, prohibits targeted advertising to minors based on the profiling of personal information in the European Union. Other European legislative proposals and present laws and regulations may also apply to our or our advertisers activities and require significant operational changes to our business. For example, it is anticipated that the ePrivacy Regulation and national implementing laws will replace the current national laws implementing the ePrivacy Directive, which could have a material impact on the availability of data we rely on to improve and personalize our products and features. Outside of Europe, other laws further regulate behavioral, interest-based, or targeted advertising, making certain online advertising activities more difficult and subject to additional scrutiny. For example, in the United States, the California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA, and the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, or CPRA (operative January 2023), place additional requirements on the handling of personal data for us, our partners, and our advertisers, such as granting California residents the right to opt-out of a 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 company s sharing of personal data for certain advertising purposes in exchange for money or other valuable consideration. Other states are considering similar legislation. Moreover, individuals are also becoming increasingly aware of and resistant to the collection, use, and sharing of personal data in connection with advertising. Individuals are becoming more aware of options related to consent and other options to opt-out of such data processing, including through media attention about privacy and data protection. Some users have opted out of allowing Snap to join data from third party apps and websites with data from Snapchat for advertising purposes, which has negatively impacted our ability to collect certain user data and our advertising partners ability to deliver relevant content, all of which could negatively impact our business. 
 Furthermore, in April 2021, Apple issued an iOS update that imposes heightened restrictions on our access and use of user data by allowing users to more easily opt-out of tracking of activity across devices. Additionally, Google has announced that it will implement similar changes with respect to its Android operating system and major web browsers, like Firefox, Safari, and Chrome, have or plan to make similar changes as well. These changes have adversely affected our targeting, measurement, and optimization capabilities, and in turn affected our ability to target advertisements and measure the effectiveness of advertisements on our services. This has resulted in, and in the future is likely to continue to result in, reduced demand and pricing for our advertising products and could seriously harm our business. The longer-term impact of these changes on the overall mobile advertising ecosystem, our competitors, our business, and the developers, partners, and advertisers within our community is uncertain, and depending on how we, our competitors, and the overall mobile advertising ecosystem adjusts, and how our partners, advertisers, and users respond, our business could be seriously harmed. While we implement alternative solutions, we are subject to rules and standards set by the owners of such mobile operating systems which may be unclear, change, or be interpreted in a manner adverse to us and require us to halt or change our solutions, any of which could seriously harm our business. In addition, if we are unable to mitigate these and future developments, and alternative solutions do not become widely adopted by our advertisers, then our targeting, measurement, and optimization capabilities will be materially and adversely affected, which would in turn continue to negatively impact our advertising revenue. Our advertising revenue could also be seriously harmed by many other factors, including: 
 diminished or stagnant growth, or a decline, in the total and regional number of DAUs on Snapchat; 
 our inability to deliver advertisements to all of our users due to hardware, software, or network limitations; 
 a decrease in the amount of time spent on Snapchat, a decrease in the amount of content that our users share, or decreases in usage of our Camera, Visual Messaging, Map, Stories, and Spotlight platforms; 
 our inability to create new products that sustain or increase the value of our advertisements; 
 changes in our user demographics that make us less attractive to advertisers; 
 lack of ad creative availability by our advertising partners; 
 a decline in our available content, including if our content partners do not renew agreements, devote the resources to create engaging content, or provide content exclusively to us; 
 decreases in the perceived quantity, quality, usefulness, or relevance of the content provided by us, our community, or partners; 
 increases in resistance by users to our collecting, using, and sharing their personal data for advertising-related purposes; 
 changes in our analytics and measurement solutions, including what we are permitted to collect and disclose under the terms of Apple s and Google s mobile operating systems, that demonstrate the value of our advertisements and other commercial content; 
 competitive developments or advertiser perception of the value of our products that change the rates we can charge for advertising or the volume of advertising on Snapchat; 
 product changes or advertising inventory management decisions we may make that change the type, size, or frequency of advertisements displayed on Snapchat or the method used by advertisers to purchase advertisements; 
 adverse legal developments relating to advertising, including changes mandated or prompted by legislation, regulation, executive actions, or litigation regarding the collection, use, and sharing of personal data for certain advertising-related purposes; 
 adverse media reports or other negative publicity involving us, our founders, our partners, or other companies in our industry segment; 
 advertiser or user perception that content published by us, our users, or our partners is objectionable; 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 the degree to which users skip advertisements and therefore diminish the value of those advertisements to advertisers; 
 changes in the way advertising is priced or its effectiveness is measured; 
 our inability, or perceived inability, to measure the effectiveness of our advertising or target the appropriate audience for advertisements; 
 our inability to collect and disclose data or access a user s personal data, including identifier for advertising or similar deterministic identifiers that new and existing advertisers may find useful; 
 difficulty and frustration from advertisers who may need to reformat or change their advertisements to comply with our guidelines; 
 volatility in the equity markets, which may reduce our advertisers capacity or desire for aggressive advertising spending towards growth; and 
 the political, economic, and macroeconomic climate and the status of the advertising industry in general, including impacts related to labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, inflation, and as a result of war, terrorism, or armed conflict, including Russia s invasion of Ukraine. 
 These and other factors could reduce demand for our advertising products, which may lower the prices we receive, or cause advertisers to stop advertising with us altogether. Either of these would seriously harm our business. 
 Our two co-founders have control over all stockholder decisions because they control a substantial majority of our voting stock. 
 Our two co-founders, Evan Spiegel and Robert Murphy, control over 99 of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock as of December 31, 2022, and Mr. Spiegel alone can exercise voting control over a majority of our outstanding capital stock. As a result, Mr. Spiegel and Mr. Murphy, or in many instances Mr. Spiegel acting alone, have the ability to control the outcome of all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election, removal, and replacement of our directors and any merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. 
 If Mr. Spiegel s or Mr. Murphy s employment with us is terminated, they will continue to have the ability to exercise the same significant voting power and potentially control the outcome of all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval. Either of our co-founders shares of Class C common stock will automatically convert into Class B common stock, on a one-to-one basis, nine months following his death or on the date on which the number of outstanding shares of Class C common stock held by such holder represents less than 30 of the Class C common stock held by such holder on the closing of our IPO, or 32,383,178 shares of Class C common stock. Should either of our co-founders Class C common stock be converted to Class B common stock, the remaining co-founder will be able to exercise voting control over our outstanding capital stock. Moreover, Mr. Spiegel and Mr. Murphy have entered into a proxy agreement under which each has granted to the other a voting proxy with respect to all shares of our Class B common stock and Class C common stock that each may beneficially own from time to time or have voting control over. The proxy would become effective on either founder s death or disability. Accordingly, on the death or incapacity of either Mr. Spiegel or Mr. Murphy, the other could individually control nearly all of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. 
 In addition, in October 2016, we issued a dividend of one share of non-voting Class A common stock to all our equity holders, which will prolong our co-founders voting control because our co-founders are able to liquidate their holdings of non-voting Class A common stock without diminishing their voting control. Furthermore, in July 2022, our board of directors approved the future declaration and payment of a special dividend of one share of Class A Common stock on each outstanding share of Snap s common stock, subject to certain triggering conditions. In the future, our board of directors may, from time to time, decide to issue additional special or regular stock dividends in the form of Class A common stock, and if we do so our co-founders control could be further prolonged. This concentrated control could delay, defer, or prevent a change of control, merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets that our other stockholders support. Conversely, this concentrated control could allow our co-founders to consummate such a transaction that our other stockholders do not support. In addition, our co-founders may make long-term strategic investment decisions and take risks that may not be successful and may seriously harm our business. 
 As our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Spiegel has control over our day-to-day management and the implementation of major strategic investments of our company, subject to authorization and oversight by our board of directors. As board members and officers, Mr. Spiegel and Mr. Murphy owe a fiduciary duty to our stockholders and must act in good faith in 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 a manner they reasonably believe to be in the best interests of our stockholders. As stockholders, even controlling stockholders, Mr. Spiegel and Mr. Murphy are entitled to vote their shares, and shares over which they have voting control, in their own interests, which may not always be in the interests of our stockholders generally. We have not elected to take advantage of the controlled company exemption to the corporate governance rules for companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE. 
 Macroeconomic uncertainties, including labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, inflation, recession risks, and the COVID-19 pandemic have in the past and may continue to adversely impact our business. 
 Global economic and business activities continue to face widespread macroeconomic uncertainties, including labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, inflation, as well as recession risks, which may continue for an extended period, and which have adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, many aspects of our business. 
 As some of our advertisers experienced downturns or uncertainty in their own business operations and revenue, they halted or decreased or may halt, decrease, or continue to decrease, temporarily or permanently, their advertising spending or may focus their advertising spending more on other platforms, all of which may result in decreased advertising revenue. Labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, and inflation continue to cause logistical challenges, increased input costs, and inventory constraints for our advertisers, which in turn may also halt or decrease advertising spending. In addition, the unpredictability of the COVID-19 pandemic and other macroeconomic uncertainties may make it difficult to forecast our advertising revenue. Any decline in advertising revenue or the collectability of our receivables could seriously harm our business. 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, our partners and community who provide content or services to us may experience delays or interruptions in their ability to create content or provide services, if they are able to do so at all. A decrease in the amount or quality of content available on Snapchat, or an interruption in the services provided to us, could lead to a decline in user engagement, which could seriously harm our business. 
 The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on user engagement or growth are uncertain, and may lead to unpredictable results in the short-term and long-term, including shorter-term increases in user engagement or growth that may not be indicative of longer-term trends. If physical distancing requirements and shelter-in-place orders are reactivated, and if fewer in-person activities take place, we may experience short-term and long-term disruption to user behavior and our business. We may also experience inconsistent or negative engagement as user behavior on our platform changes, including changes in user activity as a result of any physical distancing requirements and shelter-in-place orders. In addition, while the impact and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy and our business has been mitigated, there are no assurances that the COVID-19 pandemic may not in the future result in significant volatility and disruption of global financial markets, which could negatively affect our liquidity in the future. 
 The global impact of COVID-19 continues to evolve, and we will continue to monitor the situation closely. Although the spread of COVID-19 may eventually be contained or further mitigated, we do not yet know how businesses, advertisers, or our partners will operate in a post-COVID-19 environment. Our users may change how they use our products and services in an environment where the perceived risk of COVID-19 and regulations surrounding it have changed. There may be additional costs or impacts to our business and operations, including future plans to return to our offices and resume in-person activities, travel, and events. In addition, there is no guarantee that a future outbreak of this or any other widespread epidemic will not occur, or if or when the global economy will fully recover. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or a similar health epidemic on our business, operations, or the global economy as a whole remains highly uncertain. 
 To the extent that macroeconomic uncertainties and the COVID-19 pandemic continue to impact our business, many of the other risks described in these risk factors may be exacerbated. 
 Exposure to geo-political conflicts and events, including Russia s invasion of Ukraine, could put our employees and partners at substantial risk, interrupt our operations, increase costs, create additional regulatory burdens, and have significant negative macroeconomic effects, any of which could seriously harm our business. 
 Significant geo-political conflicts and events, such as Russia s invasion of Ukraine, have had, and will likely continue to have, a substantial effect on our business and operations. We have team members and their families in Ukraine who face substantial personal risk, unprecedented disruption of their lives, and uncertainty as to the future. We have been providing emergency assistance and support to these team members and their families, including helping team members to 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 safely relocate when possible. We expect to continue this support in the future. In addition, we have offices, hardware, and other assets in Ukraine that may be at risk of destruction or theft. We have incurred, and will likely continue to incur, costs to support our team members and reorganize our operations to address these ongoing challenges. In addition, our management has spent significant time and attention on these and related events. The ongoing disruptions to our team members, our management, and our operations could seriously harm our business. 
 We believe Snapchat remains an important communication tool for family and friends in the region. However, in March 2022, we stopped all advertising running in Russia, Belarus, and Ukraine and halted advertising sales to all Russian and Belarusian entities. Many countries have placed sanctions and other restrictions on doing business with Russian or Belarusian businesses and certain individuals. In response, Russia and Belarus have enacted restrictions and sanctions of their own. These new laws, regulations, and sanctions are rapidly evolving and may conflict with each other, leading to uncertainty and possible mistakes in compliance. Should we violate such existing or similar future sanctions or regulations, we may be subject to substantial monetary fines and other penalties that could seriously harm our business. In addition, we may be restricted from offering our products or services in these countries, and any reduction in availability or use could negatively impact our DAU, revenue, or operations. 
 Generally, during times of war and other major conflicts, we, the third parties on which we rely, and our partners may be vulnerable to a heightened risk of cyberattacks, including retaliatory cyberattacks, that could seriously disrupt our business. We have experienced an increase in attempted cyberattacks on our products, systems, and networks, which we believe are related to the conflict. We may also face retaliatory attacks by governments, entities, or individuals who do not agree with our public expressions of support for Ukraine and our Ukrainian team members. Any such attack could cause disruption to our platform, systems, and networks, result in security breaches or data loss, damage our brand, or reduce demand for our services or advertising products. In addition, we may face significant costs (including legal and litigation costs) to prevent, correct, or remediate any such breaches. We may also be forced to expend additional resources monitoring our platform for evidence of disinformation or misuse in connection with the ongoing conflict. 
 The situation in Ukraine continues to evolve and we will monitor the situation closely. It is unclear how long the conflict will last and the long-term outcome and impact. On a macroeconomic level, the conflict in Ukraine has further disrupted trade, intensified problems in the global supply chain, and contributed to inflationary pressures. All of these factors may negatively impact the demand for advertising as companies face limited product availability, restricted sales opportunities, and condensed margins. Any pause or reduction in advertising spending in connection with the conflict in Ukraine could negatively impact our revenue and harm our business. 
 If we do not develop successful new products or improve existing ones, our business will suffer. We may also invest in new lines of business that could fail to attract or retain users or generate revenue. 
 Our ability to engage, retain, and increase our user base and to increase our revenue will depend heavily on our ability to successfully create new products, both independently and together with third parties. We may introduce significant changes to our existing products or develop and introduce new and unproven products and services, including technologies with which we have little or no prior development or operating experience. These new products and updates may fail to increase the engagement of our users, advertisers, or partners, may subject us to increased regulatory requirements or scrutiny, and may even result in short-term or long-term decreases in such engagement by disrupting existing user, advertiser, or partner behavior or by introducing performance and quality issues. For example, beginning in 2017, we started transitioning our advertising sales to a self-serve platform, which decreased average advertising prices. In 2018, we believe our DAUs declined primarily due to changes in the design of our application and continued performance issues with the Android version of our application. In August 2022, we announced a strategic reprioritization in which we substantially reduced or eliminated, and may continue to reduce or eliminate, investments not directly connected to our top priorities of community growth, revenue growth, and augmented reality. The short- and long-term impact of any major change, like our 2018 application redesign, the rewrite of our application for Android users in 2019, and our strategic reprioritization in 2022, or even a less significant change such as a refresh of the application or a feature change, is difficult to predict. Although we believe that these decisions will benefit the aggregate user experience and improve our financial performance over the long term, we may experience disruptions or declines in our DAUs or user activity broadly or concentrated on certain portions of our application. Product innovation is inherently volatile, and if new or enhanced products fail to engage our users, advertisers, or partners, or if we fail to give our users meaningful reasons to return to our application, we may fail to attract or retain users or to generate sufficient revenue, operating margin, or other value to justify our investments, any of which may seriously harm our business in the short-term, long-term, or both. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Because our products created new ways of communicating, they have often required users to learn new behaviors to use our products, or to use our products repeatedly to receive the most benefit. These new behaviors, such as swiping and tapping in the Snapchat application, are not always intuitive to users. This can create a lag in adoption of new products and new user additions related to new products. We believe this has not hindered our user growth or engagement, but that may be the result of a large portion of our user base being in a younger demographic and more willing to invest the time to learn to use our products most effectively. To the extent that future users, including those in older demographics, are less willing to invest the time to learn to use our products, and if we are unable to make our products easier to learn to use, our user growth or engagement could be affected, and our business could be harmed. We may also develop new products or initiatives that increase user engagement and costs without increasing revenue. For example, in 2016, we introduced Memories, our cloud storage service for Snaps, which increases our storage costs but does not currently generate revenue. 
 In addition, we have invested, and expect to continue to invest, in new lines of business, new products, and other initiatives to increase our user base and user activity, and attempt to monetize the platform. For example, in 2020 we launched Spotlight, a new entertainment platform for user-generated content within Snapchat, in June 2022 we launched Snapchat+, a subscription product that gives subscribers access to exclusive, experimental, and pre-release features, and in July 2022, we launched Snapchat for Web, a browser-based product that brings Snapchat s signature calling and ephemeral messaging capabilities to the web. Such new lines of business, new products, and other initiatives may be costly, difficult to operate and monetize, increase product liability and litigation risk, and divert management s attention, and there is no guarantee that they will be positively received by our community or provide positive returns on our investment. We frequently launch new products and the products that we launch may have technical issues that diminish the performance of our application. These performance issues or issues that we encounter in the future could impact our user engagement. In addition, new products or features that we launch may ultimately prove unsuccessful and may be eliminated in the future. In certain cases, new products that we develop may require regulatory approval prior to launch or may require us to comply with additional regulations or legislation, including laws that are rapidly changing. There is no guarantee that we will be able to obtain such regulatory approval, and our efforts to comply with these laws and regulations could be costly and divert management s time and effort and may still not guarantee compliance. If we do not successfully develop new approaches to monetization or meet the expectations of our users or partners, we may not be able to maintain or grow our revenue as anticipated or recover any associated development costs, and our business could be seriously harmed. 
 Our business is highly competitive. We face significant competition that we anticipate will continue to intensify. If we are not able to maintain or improve our market share, our business could suffer. 
 We face significant competition in almost every aspect of our business both domestically and internationally, especially because our products and services operate across a broad list of categories, including camera, visual messaging, content, and augmented reality. Our competitors range from smaller or newer companies to larger, more established companies such as Alphabet (including Google and YouTube), Apple, ByteDance (including TikTok), Kakao, LINE, Meta (including Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp), Naver (including Snow), Pinterest, Tencent, and Twitter. Our competitors also include platforms that offer, or will offer, a variety of products, services, content, and online advertising offerings that compete or may compete with Snapchat features or offerings. For example, Instagram, a competing application owned by Meta, has incorporated many of our features, including a stories feature that largely mimics our Stories feature and may be directly competitive. Meta has introduced, and likely will continue to introduce, more private ephemeral products into its various platforms which mimic other aspects of Snapchat s core use case. We also compete for users and their time, so we may lose users or their attention not only to companies that offer products and services that specifically compete with Snapchat features or offerings, but to companies with products or services that target or otherwise appeal to certain demographics, such as Discord or Roblox. Moreover, in emerging international markets, where mobile devices often lack large storage capabilities, we may compete with other applications for the limited space available on a user s mobile device. We also face competition from traditional and online media businesses for advertising budgets. We compete broadly with the social media offerings of Alphabet, Apple, ByteDance, Meta, Pinterest, and Twitter, and with other, largely regional, social media platforms that have strong positions in particular countries. As we introduce new products, as our existing products evolve, or as other companies introduce new products and services, we may become subject to additional competition. 
 Many of our current and potential competitors have significantly greater resources and broader global recognition and occupy stronger competitive positions in certain market segments than we do. These factors may allow our competitors to respond to new or emerging technologies and changes in market requirements better than we can, undertake more far-reaching and successful product development efforts or marketing campaigns, or adopt more aggressive pricing policies. In addition, ongoing changes to privacy laws and mobile operating systems have made it more difficult for us to target and measure advertisements effectively, and advertisers may prioritize the solutions of larger, more established companies. As 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 a result, our competitors may, and in some cases will, acquire and engage users or generate advertising or other revenue at the expense of our own efforts, which would negatively affect our business. Advertisers may use information that our users share through Snapchat to develop or work with competitors to develop products or features that compete with us. Certain competitors, including Alphabet, Apple, and Meta, could use strong or dominant positions in one or more market segments to gain competitive advantages against us in areas where we operate, including by: 
 integrating competing social media platforms or features into products they control such as search engines, web browsers, advertising networks, or mobile operating systems; 
 making acquisitions for similar or complementary products or services; or 
 impeding Snapchat s accessibility and usability by modifying existing hardware and software on which the Snapchat application operates. 
 Certain acquisitions by our competitors may result in reduced functionality of our products and services, provide our competitors with valuable insight into the performance of our and our partners businesses, and provide our competitors with a pipeline of future acquisitions to maintain a dominant position. As a result, our competitors may acquire and engage users at the expense of our user base, growth, or engagement, which may seriously harm our business. 
 We believe that our ability to compete effectively depends on many factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 
 the usefulness, novelty, performance, and reliability of our products compared to our competitors products; 
 the number and demographics of our DAUs; 
 the timing and market acceptance of our products, including developments and enhancements of our competitors products; 
 our ability to monetize our products; 
 the availability of our products to users; 
 the effectiveness of our advertising and sales teams; 
 the effectiveness of our advertising products; 
 our ability to establish and maintain advertisers and partners interest in using Snapchat; 
 the frequency, relative prominence, and type of advertisements displayed on our application or by our competitors; 
 the effectiveness of our customer service and support efforts; 
 the effectiveness of our marketing activities; 
 changes as a result of actual or proposed legislation, regulation, executive actions, or litigation, including settlements and consent decrees, some of which may have a disproportionate effect on us; 
 acquisitions or consolidation within our industry segment; 
 our ability to attract, retain, and motivate talented team members, particularly engineers, designers, and sales personnel; 
 our ability to successfully acquire and integrate companies and assets; 
 our ability to cost-effectively manage and scale our rapidly growing operations; and 
 our reputation and brand strength relative to our competitors. 
 If we cannot effectively compete, our user engagement may decrease, which could make us less attractive to users, advertisers, and partners and seriously harm our business. 
 We have incurred operating losses in the past, and may not be able to attain and sustain profitability. 
 We began commercial operations in 2011 and we have historically experienced net losses and negative cash flows from operations. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 10.2 billion and for the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net loss of 1.4 billion. We expect our operating expenses to increase in the future as we 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 expand our operations. We may incur significant losses in the future for many reasons, including due to the other risks and uncertainties described in this report. Additionally, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, operating delays, or other unknown factors that may result in losses in future periods. If our revenue does not grow at a greater rate than our expenses, our business may be seriously harmed and we may not be able to attain and sustain profitability. 
 The loss of one or more of our key personnel, or our failure to attract and retain other highly qualified personnel in the future, could seriously harm our business. 
 We depend on the continued services and performance of our key personnel, including Mr. Spiegel and Mr. Murphy. Although we have entered into employment agreements with Mr. Spiegel and Mr. Murphy, the agreements are at-will, which means that they may resign or could be terminated for any reason at any time. Mr. Spiegel and Mr. Murphy are high profile individuals who have received threats in the past and are likely to continue to receive threats in the future. Mr. Spiegel, as Chief Executive Officer, has been responsible for our company s strategic vision and Mr. Murphy, as Chief Technology Officer, developed the Snapchat application s technical foundation. Should either of them stop working for us for any reason, it is unlikely that the other co-founder would be able to fulfill all of the responsibilities of the departing co-founder nor is it likely that we would be able to immediately find a suitable replacement. The loss of key personnel, including members of management and key engineering, product development, marketing, and sales personnel, could disrupt our operations, adversely impact employee retention and morale, and seriously harm our business. 
 As we continue to grow, we cannot guarantee we will continue to attract and retain the personnel we need to maintain our competitive position. We face significant competition in hiring and attracting qualified engineers, designers, and sales personnel, and the change by companies to offer a remote or hybrid work environment may increase the competition for such employees from employers outside of our traditional office locations. In November 2022, we announced our return to office plan that still encompasses a hybrid approach, but requires greater in-office attendance. While we intend to continue offering flexible work arrangements based on the different needs of teams across our company on a case-by-case basis, we may face difficulty in hiring and retaining our workforce as a result of this shift to have greater in-office attendance. Further, labor is subject to external factors that are beyond our control, including our industry s highly competitive market for skilled workers and leaders, inflation, the COVID-19 pandemic and other macroeconomic uncertainties, and workforce participation rates. In addition, if our reputation were to be harmed, whether as a result of our strategic reprioritization in 2022, media, legislative, or regulatory scrutiny or otherwise, it could make it more difficult to attract and retain personnel that are critical to the success of our business. 
 As we mature, or if our stock price declines, our equity awards may not be as effective an incentive to attract, retain, and motivate team members. Stock price declines may also cause us to offer additional equity awards to our existing team members to aid in retention. Conversely, many of our current team members received substantial amounts of our capital stock, giving them a substantial amount of personal wealth, which can lead to an increase in attrition. As a result, it may be difficult for us to continue to retain and motivate these team members, and this wealth could affect their decision about whether they continue to work for us. Furthermore, if we issue significant equity to attract and retain team members, we would incur substantial additional stock-based compensation expense and the ownership of our existing stockholders would be further diluted. If we do not succeed in attracting, hiring, and integrating excellent personnel, or retaining and motivating existing personnel, we may be unable to grow effectively and our business could be seriously harmed. 
 We have a continually evolving business model, which makes it difficult to evaluate our prospects and future financial results and increases the risk that we will not be successful. 
 We began commercial operations in 2011 and began meaningfully monetizing Snapchat in 2015. We started transitioning our advertising sales to a self-serve platform in 2017. We have a continually evolving business model, based on using the camera to improve the way that people live and communicate, which makes it difficult to effectively assess our future prospects. Accordingly, we believe that investors future perceptions and expectations, which can be idiosyncratic and vary widely, and which we do not control, will affect our stock price. For example, investors may believe our timing and path to increased monetization will be faster or more effective than our current plans or than actually takes place. You should consider our business and prospects in light of the many challenges we face, including the ones discussed in this report. 
 If the security of our information technology systems or data is compromised or if our platform is subjected to attacks that frustrate or thwart our users ability to access our products and services, our users, advertisers, and partners may cut back on or stop using our products and services altogether, which could seriously harm our business. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 In the ordinary course of business, we collect, store, use, and share personal data and other sensitive information, including proprietary and confidential business data, trade secrets, third party sensitive information, and intellectual property (collectively, sensitive information). Our efforts to protect our sensitive information, including information that our users, advertisers, and partners have shared with us, may be unsuccessful due to the actions of third parties, software bugs or other technical malfunctions, employee error or malfeasance, or other factors. We and the third parties on which we rely may be subject to a variety of evolving threats, including social-engineering attacks (for example by fraudulently inducing employees, users, or advertisers to disclose information to gain access to our sensitive information, including data or our users or advertisers data), malware, viruses, hacking, and other threats. While certain of these threats have occurred in the past, they have become more prevalent and sophisticated in our industry, and may occur in the future. Because of our prominence and value of our sensitive data, we believe that we are an attractive target for these sorts of attacks. 
 In particular, severe ransomware attacks are becoming increasingly prevalent. To alleviate the financial, operational, and reputational impact of these attacks, it may be preferable to make extortion payments, but we may be unwilling or unable to do so, including, for example, if applicable laws or regulations prohibit such payments. And, even if we make such payments, cyber threat actors may still disclose data, engage in further extortion, or otherwise harm our systems or data. Moreover, we permit a hybrid work environment, which has increased risks to our information technology systems and data, as our employees utilize network connections, computers, and devices outside our premises or network, including working at home, while in transit and in public locations. 
 In addition, cyber threat actors have also increased the complexity of their attempts to compromise user accounts, despite our defenses and detection mechanisms to prevent these account takeovers. User credentials may be obtained through breaches of third party platforms and services, password stealing malware, social engineering, or other tactics and techniques, and used to launch coordinated attacks. Some of these attacks may be hard to detect at scale and may result in cyber threat actors using our service to spam or abuse other users, access user personal data, further compromise additional user accounts, or to compromise employee account credentials or social engineer employees into granting further access to systems. 
 We may rely on third-party service providers and technologies to operate critical business systems to process sensitive information in a variety of contexts, including cloud-based infrastructure, data center facilities, encryption and authentication technology, employee email, content delivery, and other functions. We may also rely on third-party service providers to provide other products or services to operate our business. Additionally, some advertisers and partners may store sensitive information that we share with them. Our ability to monitor these third parties information security practices is limited, and these third parties may not have adequate information security measures in place despite their contractual representations to implement such measures and our third party service provider vetting process. If these third parties fail to implement adequate data security practices or fail to comply with our terms and policies, our sensitive data may be improperly accessed or disclosed, and we may experience adverse consequences. And even if these third parties take all of these steps, their networks may still suffer a breach, which could compromise our sensitive data. While we may be entitled to damages if our third-party service providers fail to satisfy their privacy or security-related obligations to us, any award may be insufficient to cover our damages, or we may be unable to recover such award. 
 Moreover, supply chain attacks have increased in frequency and severity, and we cannot guarantee that third parties in our supply chain have not been compromised or that their systems or networks are free from exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our platform, systems, and networks or the systems and networks of third parties that support us and our services. We are also reliant on third party and open source software that may contain bugs, vulnerabilities, or errors that could be exploited or disclosed before a patch or fix is available. 
 If any of these or similar events occur, our or our third party partners sensitive information and information technology systems could be accessed, acquired, modified, destroyed, lost, altered, encrypted, or disclosed in an unauthorized, unlawful, accidental, or other improper manner, resulting in a security incident or other interruption. 
 We may expend significant resources or modify our business activities to adopt additional measures designed to protect against security incidents. Certain data privacy and security obligations may require us to implement and maintain specific security measures or industry-standard or reasonable security measures to protect our systems and sensitive information. While we have implemented security measures designed to protect against security incidents, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective. Additionally, we may be unable to detect vulnerabilities in other parts of our systems, including in our products, because such threats and techniques change frequently, are often sophisticated in nature, and may not be detected until after a security incident has occurred. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Any security incident experienced by us or our third party partners could damage our reputation and our brand, and diminish our competitive position. Applicable privacy and security obligations may require us to notify relevant stakeholders of security incidents. Such discloses are costly, and the disclosure or the failure to comply with such requirements could lead to adverse consequences. Governments and regulatory agencies may also enact new disclosure requirements for cybersecurity events. In addition, affected users or government authorities could initiate legal or regulatory action against us, including class-action claims, investigations, penalties, and audits, which could be time-consuming and cause us to incur significant expense and liability or result in orders or consent decrees forcing us to modify our business practices. We could also experience loss of user or advertiser confidence in the security of our platform, additional reporting requirements or oversight, restrictions on processing sensitive information, claims by our partners or other relevant parties that we have failed to comply with contractual obligations or our policies, and indemnification obligations. We could also spend material resources to investigate or correct the incident and to prevent future incidents. Maintaining the trust of our users is important to sustain our growth, retention, and user engagement. Concerns over our privacy and security practices, whether actual or unfounded, could damage our reputation and brand and deter users, advertisers, and partners from using our products and services. Any of these occurrences could seriously harm our business. 
 Our contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that limitations of liability in our contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our data privacy and security obligations. We cannot be sure that our insurance coverage will be adequate or sufficient to protect us from or to mitigate liabilities arising out of our privacy and security practices, that such coverage will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that such coverage will pay future claims. 
 We have previously suffered the loss of sensitive information related to employee error and vendor breaches. 
 Our user metrics and other estimates are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and real or perceived inaccuracies in those metrics may seriously harm and negatively affect our reputation and our business. 
 We regularly review and share metrics, including our DAUs and ARPU metrics, with our investors, advertisers, and partners to evaluate growth trends, measure our performance, and make strategic decisions. These metrics are calculated using internal company data gathered on an analytics platform that we developed and operate and our methodology has not been validated by an independent third party. While these metrics are based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring how our products are used across large populations globally that may require significant judgment and are subject to technical errors. For example, there may be individuals who have multiple Snapchat accounts, even though we forbid that in our Terms of Service and implement measures to detect and suppress that behavior. Our user metrics are also affected by technology on certain mobile devices that automatically runs in the background of our Snapchat application when another phone function is used, and this activity can cause our system to miscount the user metrics associated with such account. 
 Some of our demographic data may be incomplete or inaccurate. For example, because users self-report their dates of birth, our age-demographic data may differ from our users actual ages. And because users who signed up for Snapchat before June 2013 were not asked to supply their date of birth, we may exclude those users from age demographics or estimate their ages based on a sample of the self-reported ages we do have. If our users provide us with incorrect or incomplete information regarding their age or other attributes, then our estimates may prove inaccurate and fail to meet investor or advertiser expectations. 
 Errors or inaccuracies in our metrics or data could also result in incorrect business decisions and inefficiencies. For instance, if a significant understatement or overstatement of active users were to occur, we may expend resources to implement unnecessary business measures or fail to take required actions to attract a sufficient number of users to satisfy our growth strategies. We count a DAU when a user opens the application, but only once per user per day. We have multiple pipelines of user data that we use to determine whether a user has opened the application during a particular day, becoming a DAU. This provides redundancy in the event one pipeline of data were to become unavailable for technical reasons, and also gives us redundant data to help measure how users interact with our application. However, we believe that we do not capture all data regarding our active users, which may result in understated metrics. This generally occurs because of technical issues, for instance when our systems do not record data from a user s application or when a user opens the Snapchat application and contacts our servers but is not recorded as an active user. We continually seek to address these technical issues and improve our accuracy, such as comparing our active users and other metrics with data received from other pipelines, including data recorded by our servers and systems. But given the complexity of the systems involved and the rapidly changing nature of mobile devices and systems, we expect these issues to continue, particularly if 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 we continue to expand in parts of the world where mobile data systems and connections are less stable. If advertisers, partners, or investors do not perceive our user, geographic, other demographic metrics, or measurements of advertising effectiveness to be accurate, or if we discover material inaccuracies in our metrics, our reputation may be seriously harmed. Our advertisers and partners may also be less willing to allocate their budgets or resources to Snapchat, which could seriously harm our business. In addition, we calculate average DAUs for a particular quarter by adding the number of DAUs on each day of that quarter and dividing that sum by the number of days in that quarter. This calculation may mask any individual days or months within the quarter that are significantly higher or lower than the quarterly average. 
 Improper or illegal use of Snapchat could seriously harm our business and reputation. 
 We cannot be certain that the technologies that we have developed to repel spamming attacks will be able to eliminate all spam messages from our products. Spammers attempt to use our products to send targeted and untargeted spam messages to users, which may embarrass or annoy users and make our products less user friendly. Our actions to combat spam may also divert significant time and focus from improving our products. As a result of spamming activities, our users may use our products less or stop using them altogether, and result in continuing operational cost to us. 
 Similarly, terrorists, criminals, and other bad actors may use our products to promote their goals and encourage users to engage in terror and other illegal activities discussed in our Transparency Report. We expect that as more people use our products, these bad actors will increasingly seek to misuse our products. Although we invest resources to combat these activities, including by suspending or terminating accounts we believe are violating our Terms of Service and Community Guidelines, we expect these bad actors will continue to seek ways to act inappropriately and illegally on Snapchat. Combating these bad actors requires our teams to divert significant time and focus from improving our products. In addition, we may not be able to control or stop Snapchat from becoming the preferred application of use by these bad actors, which may become public knowledge and seriously harm our reputation or lead to lawsuits or attention from regulators. If these activities increase on Snapchat, our reputation, user growth and user engagement, and operational cost structure could be seriously harmed. 
 Because we store, process, and use data, some of which contains personal data, we are subject to complex and evolving federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations, executive actions, rules, contractual obligations, policies, and other obligations regarding privacy, data protection, content, and other matters. Many of these obligations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could result in investigations, claims, changes to our business practices, increased cost of operations, and declines in user growth, retention, or engagement, or other adverse consequences, any of which could seriously harm our business. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we collect, store, use, and share personal data and other sensitive information, including proprietary and confidential business data, trade secrets, third party sensitive information, and intellectual property. Accordingly, we are subject to a variety of laws, regulations, industry standards, policies, contractual requirements, executive actions, and other obligations relating to privacy, security, and data protection. We also are or may in the future be subject to many federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations, including those related to privacy, rights of publicity, content, data protection, intellectual property, health and safety, competition, protection of minors, consumer protection, employment, money transmission, import and export restrictions, gift cards, electronic funds transfers, anti-money laundering, advertising, algorithms, encryption, and taxation. 
 In Europe, the Middle East, and Africa, all of our major markets have laws, regulations, and regulatory/industry standards that govern privacy, security, online safety and data protection. 
 For example, in Europe, under GDPR or similar laws, companies may face temporary or definitive bans on data processing and other corrective actions, fines of up to 20 million Euros or 4 of annual global revenue, whichever is greater, or private litigation related to processing of personal data brought by classes of data subjects or consumer protection organizations authorized at law to represent their interests. Additionally, the transfer of personal data from Europe and other jurisdictions to the United States, has recently also been under increased regulatory pressure and scrutiny. In particular, the European Economic Area (EEA) and the UK have significantly limited the lawful basis on which personal data can be transferred to the United States (and other countries they believe provide inadequate privacy protections) and increased the assessments required to do so. Other jurisdictions may adopt similarly stringent interpretations of their data localization and cross-border transfer laws, or adopt similar laws. We have attempted to structure our operations in a manner designed to help us partially avoid some of these concerns (e.g., Snap Inc. receives Snapchat consumer data directly from European consumers and is directly subject to GDPR; a structure designed to seek to avoid any requirement for additional transfer protections under the GDPR in this context); however, we still transfer some data from the EEA and 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 UK to the United States using currently legal mechanisms. Some of these mechanisms are subject to legal challenges, and there is no assurance that we can satisfy or rely on these measures to lawfully transfer personal data to the United States. If there is no lawful manner for us to transfer personal data from the EEA, the UK or other jurisdictions to the United States, or if the requirements for a legally-compliant transfer are too onerous, we could face significant adverse consequences, including the interruption or degradation of our operations, the need to relocate part of or all of our business or data processing activities to other jurisdictions at significant expense, increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines and penalties, the inability to transfer data and work with partners, vendors and other third parties, and injunctions against our processing or transferring of personal data necessary to operate our business. Some European regulators have sought to restrict some companies data processing activities, including our competitors, from transferring certain personal data out of Europe for allegedly violating the GDPR s cross-border data transfer limitations, which would materially impact such companies operations and revenues. Additionally, companies that transfer personal data outside of the EU to other jurisdictions, particularly to the United States, are subject to increased scrutiny from regulators, individual litigants and activist groups. 
 Additionally, in Europe, the European Union has new legislative initiatives, such as the DSA, which requires further change to our products, policies, and procedures. We expect to be designated as one of the providers of very large online platforms in Spring 2023 and are therefore likely to be subject to significant compliance deadlines starting in Summer 2023. Current national laws that implement the ePrivacy Directive are likely to be replaced or updated when the ePrivacy Regulation enters into force, which will significantly increase fines for non-compliance once in effect and could also have a material impact on the availability of data we rely on to improve and personalize our products and features. Moreover, the United Kingdom s Age Appropriate Design Code, or AADC, and incoming Online Safety Bill, focuses on online safety and protection of children s privacy online. Furthermore, in Europe, there is a proposed regulation related to artificial intelligence, or AI, that, if adopted, could impose onerous obligations related to the use of AI-related systems and may require us to change our business practices to comply with such obligations. Moreover, in the EEA, the Collective Redress Directive (effective June 2023) will allow collective actions to be brought by a representative body against businesses if they breach legislation intended to protect EU consumers, including for data protection matters. 
 In Asia-Pacific, or APAC, our major markets are following closely behind Europe in introducing or updating their laws and regulations governing privacy, security, online safety and data protection. India s new IT Rules, introduced in 2021 requires large technology companies like ours to appropriately moderate online content and provide government agencies with access, and has ultimately led to a ban of certain platforms. India has also introduced a new comprehensive privacy and data protection law (Digital Personal Data Protection Bill) under which we will be required to meet GDPR style obligations for Indian consumer data. Australia s recent Online Safety Act and existing Assistance and Access Act have similarly placed significant focus on appropriate moderation, take down and government access. Australia is working on updates to its Privacy Act 1988 and a new Privacy Legislation Amendment (Enhancing Online Privacy and Other Measures (Bill) 2021 (Online Privacy Bill) that will impose more stringent obligations on us and other social / technology companies. Other APAC countries also have privacy laws that apply to our operations, such as South Korea s Personal Information Protection Law, Japan s Act on the Protection of Personal Information, and Singapore s Personal Data Protection Act. Other foreign legislative and regulatory bodies in the Americas have enacted or may enact similar legislation regarding the handling of personal data, or conduct additional investigations into specific companies or the industry as a whole that could alter the existing regulatory environment in a manner that would be adverse to us. For example, Canada s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, and various related provincial laws, Canada s Anti-Spam Legislation, and Brazil's LGPD. 
 In the United States, federal, state, and local governments have enacted numerous privacy, security, and data protection laws, including data breach notification laws, personal data privacy laws, consumer protection laws (e.g., Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act), and other similar laws. For example, the CCPA went into effect in January 2020 and the CPRA, which expands the requirements for handling personal data of California residents, went into effect in January 2023. The CCPA and CPRA also provide for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches, which may increase the likelihood and cost of data breach litigation. In 2022, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah also passed comprehensive privacy laws that go into effect in 2023. The privacy of children s personal data collected online is also becoming increasingly scrutinized. In addition to the federal Children s Online Privacy Protection Act, or COPPA, the California s Age-Appropriate Design Code Act, which is modeled after the AADC, goes into effect in 2024. These developments may further complicate compliance efforts, and may increase legal risk and compliance costs for us and our third party partners. 
 Additionally, several states and localities have enacted statutes banning or restricting the collection of biometric information. For example, the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act, or BIPA, regulates the collection, use, 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 safeguarding, and storage of biometric information. BIPA provides for substantial penalties and statutory damages and has generated significant class action activity. In November 2020, a putative class filed an action against us in Illinois, alleging that we violated BIPA. Other legal proceedings alleging similar claims followed. Although we maintain the position that our technologies implicated by these proceedings do not collect any biometric information, we have settled these disputes to avoid potentially costly litigation and have implemented a BIPA consent flow in Snapchat in an abundance of caution. Additionally, several states and localities have enacted measures related to the use of AI and machine learning in products and services. 
 In addition, privacy advocates and industry groups have proposed, and may propose in the future, standards with which we are legally or contractually obligated to comply. Moreover, we may also be bound by contractual obligations related to data privacy and security, and our efforts to comply with such obligations may not be successful. We may also publish privacy policies, marketing materials and other statements, such as compliance with certain certifications or self-regulatory principles, regarding data privacy and security. If these policies, materials, or statements are found to be deficient, lacking in transparency, deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our practices, we may be subject to investigation, enforcement actions by regulators or other adverse consequences. 
 Many of these obligations are becoming increasingly stringent and subject to rapid change and uncertain interpretation. Preparing for and complying with these obligations requires us to devote significant resources. These obligations may necessitate changes to our services, information technologies, systems, and practices and to those of any third parties that process personal data on our behalf. In addition, these obligations may require us to change our business model. Our business model materially depends on our ability to process personal data, particularly in connection with our advertising offerings, so we are particularly exposed to the risks associated with the rapidly changing legal landscape regarding privacy, security, and data protection. For example, privacy regulators have targeted some of our competitors, including by investigating their data processing activities and issuing large fines. Such enforcement actions may cause us to revise our business plans and operations. Moreover, we believe a number of investigations into other technology companies are currently being conducted by federal, state, and foreign legislative and regulatory bodies. We therefore may be at heightened risk of regulatory scrutiny, as regulators focus their attention on data processing activities of companies like us, and any changes in the regulatory framework or enforcement actions whether against us or our competitors could require us to fundamentally change our business model. 
 We may at times fail, or be perceived to have failed, in our efforts to comply with our privacy, security, and data protection obligations. Moreover, despite our efforts, our personnel or third parties on whom we rely may fail to comply with such obligations, which could negatively impact our business operations. If we or the third parties upon which we rely fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with applicable privacy, security, or data protection obligations, we could face significant consequences, including but not limited to: government enforcement actions (such as investigations, claims, audits, penalties, etc.), litigation (including class action litigation), additional reporting requirements or oversight, bans on processing personal data, and orders to destroy or not use personal data. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, including loss of users and advertisers, inability to process personal data or operate in certain jurisdictions, changes to our business practices, increased cost of operations, and declines in user growth, retention, or engagement, any of which could seriously harm our business. 
 We have in the past been subject to enforcement actions, investigations, proceedings, orders, or various government inquiries regarding our data privacy and security practices and processing. For example, in December 2014, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission resolved an investigation into some of our early practices by issuing a final order. That order requires, among other things, that we establish a robust privacy program to govern how we treat user data. During the 20-year term of the order, we must complete biennial independent privacy audits. In addition, in June 2014, we entered into a 10-year assurance of discontinuance with the Attorney General of Maryland implementing similar practices, including measures to prevent minors under the age of 13 from creating accounts and providing annual compliance reports. Violating existing or future regulatory orders or consent decrees could subject us to substantial monetary fines and other penalties that could seriously harm our business. 
 Our financial condition and results of operations will fluctuate from quarter to quarter, which makes them difficult to predict. 
 Our quarterly results of operations have fluctuated in the past and will fluctuate in the future. Additionally, we have a limited operating history with the current scale of our business, which makes it difficult to forecast our future results. As a result, you should not rely on our past quarterly results of operations as indicators of future performance. You should take into account the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies in rapidly evolving market 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 segments. Our financial condition and results of operations in any given quarter can be influenced by numerous factors, many of which we are unable to predict or are outside of our control, including: 
 our ability to maintain and grow our user base and user engagement; 
 the development and introduction of new or redesigned products or services by us or our competitors; 
 the ability of our cloud service providers to scale effectively and timely provide the necessary technical infrastructure to offer our service; 
 our ability to attract and retain advertisers in a particular period; 
 seasonal or other fluctuations in spending by our advertisers and product usage by our users, each of which may change as our product offerings evolve or as our business grows or as a result of unpredictable events such as the COVID-19 pandemic, inflationary pressures, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, or the conflict in Ukraine; 
 restructuring or other charges and unexpected costs or other operating expenses; 
 the number of advertisements shown to users; 
 the pricing of our advertisements and other products; 
 our ability to demonstrate to advertisers the effectiveness of our advertisements; 
 the diversification and growth of revenue sources beyond current advertising; 
 increases in marketing, sales, and other operating expenses that we may incur to grow and expand our operations and to remain competitive; 
 our ability to maintain operating margins, cash provided by operating activities, and Free Cash Flow; 
 our ability to accurately forecast consumer demand for our physical products and adequately manage inventory; 
 system failures or security incidents, and the costs associated with such incidents and remediations; 
 inaccessibility of Snapchat, or certain features within Snapchat, due to third-party or governmental actions; 
 stock-based compensation expense; 
 our ability to effectively incentivize our workforce; 
 adverse litigation judgments, settlements, or other litigation-related costs, or product recalls; 
 changes in the legislative or regulatory environment, including with respect to privacy, rights of publicity, content, data protection, intellectual property, health and safety, competition, protection of minors, consumer protection, employment, money transmission, import and export restrictions, gift cards, electronic funds transfers, anti-money laundering, advertising, algorithms, encryption, and taxation, enforcement by government regulators, including fines, orders, sanctions, or consent decrees, or the issuance of executive orders or other similar executive actions that may adversely affect our revenues or restrict our business; 
 new privacy, data protection, and security laws and other obligations and increased regulatory scrutiny on our or our competitors data processing activities and privacy and information security practices, which some of our competitors have already experienced, including through enforcement actions potentially resulting in large penalties or other severe sanctions and increased restrictions on the data processing activities and personal data transfers critical to the operation of our current business model; 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates and changes in the proportion of our revenue and expenses denominated in foreign currencies; 
 fluctuations in the market values of our portfolio investments and interest rates or impairments of any assets on our consolidated balance sheet; 
 changes in our effective tax rate; 
 announcements by competitors of significant new products, licenses, or acquisitions; 
 our ability to make accurate accounting estimates and appropriately recognize revenue for our products for which there are no relevant comparable products; 
 our ability to meet minimum spending commitments in agreements with our infrastructure providers; 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations, or principles; 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 the effect of war or other armed conflict on our workforce, operations, or the global economy; and 
 changes in domestic and global business or macroeconomic conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or the conflict in Ukraine, and resulting labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, and inflation. 
 If we are unable to continue to successfully grow our user base and further monetize our products, our business will suffer. 
 We have made, and are continuing to make, investments to enable users, partners, and advertisers to create compelling content and deliver advertising to our users. Existing and prospective Snapchat users and advertisers may not be successful in creating content that leads to and maintains user engagement. We are continuously seeking to balance the objectives of our users and advertisers with our desire to provide an optimal user experience. We do not seek to monetize all of our products nor do we solely focus our efforts on users with higher ARPU, and we may not be successful in achieving a balance that continues to attract and retain users and advertisers. We focus on growing engagement across our service, and from time to time our efforts may reduce user activity with certain monetizable products in favor of other products we do not currently monetize. If we are not successful in our efforts to grow or effectively and timely monetize our user base, or if we are unable to build and maintain good relations with our advertisers, our user growth and user engagement and our business may be seriously harmed. In addition, we may expend significant resources to launch new products that we are unable to monetize, which may seriously harm our business. 
 Additionally, we may not succeed in further monetizing Snapchat. We currently monetize Snapchat by displaying advertisements sold by us and our partners. As a result, our financial performance and ability to grow revenue could be seriously harmed if: 
 we fail to increase or maintain DAUs; 
 our user growth outpaces our ability to monetize our users, including if we don t attract sufficient advertisers or if our user growth occurs in markets that are not as monetizable; 
 we fail to increase or maintain the amount of time spent on Snapchat, the amount of content that our users share, or the usage of our Camera, Visual Messaging, Map, Stories, and Spotlight platforms; 
 partners do not create sufficient engaging content for users or renew their agreements with us; 
 we fail to attract sufficient advertisers to utilize our self-serve platform to make the best use of our advertising inventory; 
 advertisers do not continue to introduce engaging advertisements; 
 advertisers reduce their advertising on Snapchat; 
 we fail to maintain good relationships with advertisers or attract new advertisers, or demonstrate to advertisers the effectiveness of advertising on Snapchat; or 
 the content on Snapchat does not maintain or gain popularity. 
 We cannot assure you that we will effectively manage our growth. 
 The growth and expansion of our business, headcount, and products create significant challenges for our management, including managing multiple relationships with users, advertisers, partners, and other third parties, and constrain operational and financial resources. If our operations or the number of third-party relationships continues to grow, our information-technology systems and our internal controls and procedures may not adequately support our operations. In addition, some members of our management do not have significant experience managing large global business operations, so our management may not be able to manage such growth effectively. To effectively manage our growth, we must continue to improve our operational, financial, and management processes and systems and effectively expand, train, and manage our employee base. However, the actions we take to achieve such improvements may not have the intended effect and may instead result in disruptions, employee turnover, declines in revenue, and other adverse effects. 
 As our organization continues to mature and we are required to implement more complex organizational management structures, we may also find it increasingly difficult to maintain the benefits of our corporate culture, including our ability to quickly develop and launch new and innovative products. This could negatively affect our business performance and seriously harm our business. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 In August 2022, we announced a plan to reduce our global employee headcount by approximately 20 . The headcount reduction is part of a broader strategic reprioritization to focus on our top priorities, improve cost efficiencies, and drive toward profitability and positive free cash flow. As a result of the strategic reprioritization, in the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred pre-tax charges of 188.9 million, primarily consisting of severance and related charges, stock-based compensation expense, lease exit and related charges, impairment charges, contract termination charges, and intangible asset amortization. This headcount reduction and strategic reprioritization could disrupt our operations, adversely impact employee retention and morale, adversely impact our reputation as an employer, which could make it more difficult for us to retain existing employees and hire new employees in the future, distract management, and seriously harm our business. 
 Our costs may increase faster than our revenue, which could seriously harm our business or increase our losses. 
 Providing our products to our users is costly, and we expect our expenses, including those related to people and hosting, to grow in the future. This expense growth will continue as we broaden our user base, as users increase the number of connections and amount of content they consume and share, as we develop and implement new product features that require more computing infrastructure, and as we grow our business. Historically, our costs have increased each year due to these factors, and we expect to continue to incur increasing costs. Our costs are based on development and release of new products and the addition of users and may not be offset by a corresponding growth in our revenue. We will continue to invest in our global infrastructure to provide our products quickly and reliably to all users around the world, including in countries where we do not expect significant short-term monetization, if any. Our expenses may be greater than we anticipate, and our investments to make our business and our technical infrastructure more efficient may not succeed and may outpace monetization efforts. In addition, we expect to increase marketing, sales, and other operating expenses to grow and expand our operations and to remain competitive. Increases in our costs without a corresponding increase in our revenue would increase our losses and could seriously harm our business and financial performance. 
 Our business depends on our ability to maintain and scale our technology infrastructure. Any significant disruption to our service could damage our reputation, result in a potential loss of users and decrease in user engagement, and seriously harm our business. 
 Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve users depends on the reliable performance of Snapchat and our underlying technology infrastructure. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, interruptions in the availability or performance of our products and services from time to time. Our systems may not be adequately designed with the necessary reliability and redundancy to avoid performance delays or outages that could seriously harm our business. If Snapchat is unavailable when users attempt to access it, or if it does not load as quickly as they expect, users may not return to Snapchat as often in the future, or at all. As our user base and the volume and types of information shared on Snapchat grow, we will need an increasing amount of technology infrastructure, including network capacity and computing power, to continue to satisfy our users needs. It is possible that we may fail to effectively scale and grow our technology infrastructure to accommodate these increased demands. In addition, our business is subject to interruptions, delays, and failures resulting from earthquakes, other natural disasters, geo-political conflicts, terrorism, pandemics, and other catastrophic events. Global climate change could also result in natural disasters occurring more frequently or with more intense effects, which could cause business interruptions. Wars or other armed conflicts, including Russia s invasion of Ukraine, could damage or diminish our access to our technology infrastructure or regional networks, disrupting our services which could seriously harm our business and financial performance. 
 As discussed in these risk factors, substantially all of our network infrastructure is provided by third parties, including Google Cloud and AWS. Any disruption or failure in the services we receive from these providers could harm our ability to handle existing or increased traffic and could seriously harm our business. Any financial or other difficulties these providers face may seriously harm our business. And because we exercise little control over these providers, we are vulnerable to problems with the services they provide. 
 Beginning in 2021, we implemented a new enterprise resource planning system, or ERP, and migrated our general ledger, consolidation, and planning processes onto the new system. As we periodically augment and enhance our financial systems, we may experience difficulties in managing our systems and processes, which could disrupt our operations, the management of our finances, and the reporting of our financial results, which in turn, may result in our inability to manage the growth of our business and to accurately forecast and report our results, each of which could seriously harm our business. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Our business emphasizes rapid innovation and prioritizes long-term user engagement over short-term financial condition or results of operations. That strategy may yield results that sometimes don t align with the market s expectations. If that happens, our stock price may be negatively affected. 
 Our business is growing and becoming more complex, and our success depends on our ability to quickly develop and launch new and innovative products. We believe our culture fosters this goal. Our focus on innovations and quick reactions could result in unintended outcomes or decisions that are poorly received by our users, advertisers, or partners. We have made, and expect to continue to make, significant investments to develop and launch new products and services and we cannot assure you that users will purchase or use such new products and services in the future. We will also continue to attempt to find effective ways to show our community new and existing products and alert them to events, holidays, relevant content, and meaningful opportunities to connect with their friends. These methods may provide temporary increases in engagement that may ultimately fail to attract and retain users. Our culture also prioritizes our long-term user engagement over short-term financial condition or results of operations. We frequently make decisions that may reduce our short-term revenue or profitability if we believe that the decisions benefit the aggregate user experience and improve our financial performance over the long term. For example, we monitor how advertising on Snapchat affects our users experiences to ensure we do not deliver too many advertisements to our users, and we may decide to decrease the number of advertisements to ensure our users satisfaction in the product. In addition, we improve Snapchat based on feedback provided by our users, advertisers, and partners. These decisions may not produce the long-term benefits that we expect, in which case our user growth and engagement on our service or on certain platforms, our relationships with advertisers and partners, and our business could be seriously harmed. 
 If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished, and our business may be seriously harmed. If we need to license or acquire new intellectual property, we may incur substantial costs. 
 We aim to protect our confidential proprietary information, in part, by entering into confidentiality agreements and invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants, advisors, and third parties who access or contribute to our proprietary know-how, information, or technology. We, however, cannot assure you that these agreements will be effective in controlling access to, or preventing unauthorized distribution, use, misuse, misappropriation, reverse engineering, or disclosure of our proprietary information, know-how, and trade secrets. Further, these agreements do not prevent our competitors or partners from independently developing offerings that are substantially equivalent or superior to ours. These agreements may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret or know-how can be difficult, expensive, and time-consuming, and the outcome can be unpredictable. 
 We also rely on trademark, copyright, patent, trade secret, and domain-name protection laws to protect our proprietary rights. In the United States and internationally, we have filed various applications to protect aspects of our intellectual property, and we currently hold a number of issued patents, trademarks, and copyrights in multiple jurisdictions. In the future, we may acquire additional patents or patent portfolios, which could require significant cash expenditures. However, third parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe our proprietary rights, third parties may challenge proprietary rights held by us, third parties may design around our proprietary rights or independently develop competing technology, and pending and future trademark, copyright, and patent applications may not be approved. Moreover, we cannot ensure that the claims of any granted patents will be sufficiently broad to protect our technology or platform and provide us with competitive advantages. Additionally, failure to comply with applicable procedural, documentary, fee payment, and other similar requirements could result in abandonment or lapse of the affected patent, trademark, or copyright application or registration. 
 Moreover, a portion of our intellectual property has been acquired or licensed from one or more third parties. While we have conducted diligence with respect to such acquisitions and licenses, because we did not participate in the development or prosecution of much of the acquired intellectual property, we cannot guarantee that our diligence efforts identified and remedied all issues related to such intellectual property, including potential ownership errors, potential errors during prosecution of such intellectual property, and potential encumbrances that could limit our ability to enforce such intellectual property rights. 
 Further, the laws of certain foreign countries do not provide the same level of protection of corporate proprietary information and assets such as intellectual property, trade secrets, know-how, and records as the laws of the United States. For instance, the legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection. As a result, we may be exposed to material risks of theft of our proprietary information and other intellectual property, including technical data, manufacturing processes, data sets, or 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 other sensitive information, and we may also encounter significant problems in protecting and defending our intellectual property or proprietary rights abroad. In any of these cases, we may be required to expend significant time and expense to prevent infringement or to enforce our rights. Our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims, and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights, and, if such defenses, counterclaims, and countersuits are successful, we could lose valuable intellectual property rights. Our inability to protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized copying or use, as well as any costly litigation or diversion of our management s attention and resources, could impair the functionality of our platform, delay introductions of enhancements to our platform, result in our substituting inferior or more costly technologies into our platform, or harm our reputation and brand. In addition, we may be required to license additional technology from third parties to develop and market new platform features, which may not be on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, and would adversely affect our ability to compete. Although we have taken measures to protect our proprietary rights, there can be no assurance that others will not offer products, brands, content, or concepts that are substantially similar to ours and compete with our business. If we are unable to protect our proprietary rights or prevent unauthorized use or appropriation by third parties, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished, and competitors may be able to more effectively mimic our service and methods of operations. Any of these events could seriously harm our business. 
 Some of our software and systems contain open source software, which may pose particular risks to our proprietary applications. 
 We use software licensed to us by third-party developers under open source licenses in connection with the development or deployment of our products and expect to continue to use open source software in the future. Some open source licenses contain express requirements or impose conditions, which may be triggered under certain circumstances, with respect to the exploitation of proprietary source code or other intellectual property by users of open source software. While we employ practices designed to monitor our compliance with the licenses of third-party open source software and to avoid using the open source software in a manner that would put our valuable proprietary source code at risk, there is a risk that we could have used, or may in the future use, open source software in a manner which could require us to release our proprietary source code to users of our software or to the public, require us to license our proprietary software for purposes of making modifications or derivative works, or prohibit us from charging fees for the use of our proprietary software. This could result in loss of revenue, and allow our competitors to create similar offerings with lower development costs, and ultimately could result in a loss of our competitive advantages. Furthermore, there is an increasing number of open source software license types, almost none of which have been tested in a court of law, resulting in guidance regarding the proper legal interpretation of such licenses and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a way that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to provide or distribute our products. If we were to receive a claim of non-compliance with the terms of any of our open source licenses, we may be required to publicly release certain portions of our proprietary source code or expend substantial time and resources to re-engineer some or all of our software, which may divert resources away from our product development efforts and, as a result, adversely affect our business. In addition, we could be required to seek licenses from third parties to continue offering our products for certain uses, or cease offering the products associated with such software, which may be costly. 
 In addition, our use of open source software may present greater risks than use of other third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide support, warranties, indemnification or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. To the extent that our e-commerce capabilities and other business operations depend on the successful and secure operation of open source software, any undetected errors or defects in open source software that we use could prevent the deployment or impair the functionality of our systems and injure our reputation. In addition, the public availability of such software may make it easier for others to compromise our systems. Any of these risks could be difficult to eliminate or manage and, if not addressed, could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 If our users do not continue to contribute content or their contributions are not perceived as valuable to other users, we may experience a decline in user growth, retention, and engagement on Snapchat, which could result in the loss of advertisers and revenue. 
 Our success depends on our ability to provide Snapchat users with engaging content, which in part depends on the content contributed by our users. If users, including influential users such as world leaders, government officials, celebrities, athletes, journalists, sports teams, media outlets, and brands, do not continue to contribute engaging content to Snapchat, our user growth, retention, and engagement may decline. That, in turn, may impair our ability to maintain good relationships with our advertisers or attract new advertisers, which may seriously harm our business. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Foreign government initiatives and restrictions could seriously harm our business. 
 Foreign data protection, privacy, consumer protection, content regulation, and other laws and regulations are often more restrictive than those in the United States. Foreign governments may censor Snapchat in their countries, restrict access to Snapchat from their countries entirely, impose other restrictions that may affect their citizens ability to access Snapchat for an extended period of time or even indefinitely, require data localization, or impose other laws or regulations that we cannot comply with, would be difficult for us to comply with, or would require us to rebuild our products or the infrastructure for our products. Such restrictions may also be implemented or lifted selectively to target or benefit other companies or products, which may result in sudden or unexpected fluctuations in competition in regions where we operate. In addition, geo-political disputes, including Russia s invasion of Ukraine, may cause countries to target and restrict our operations, or to promote other companies products in place of ours. Any restriction on access to Snapchat due to foreign government actions or initiatives, or any withdrawal by us from certain countries because of such actions or initiatives, or any increased competition due to actions and initiatives of foreign governments would adversely affect our DAUs, including by giving our competitors an opportunity to penetrate geographic markets that we cannot access or to which they previously did not have access. As a result, our user growth, retention, and engagement may be seriously harmed, and we may not be able to maintain or grow our revenue as anticipated and our business could be seriously harmed. 
 Our users may increasingly engage directly with our partners and advertisers instead of through Snapchat, which may negatively affect our revenue and seriously harm our business. 
 Using our products, some partners and advertisers not only can interact directly with our users but can also direct our users to content with third-party websites and products and downloads of third-party applications. In addition, our users may generate content by using Snapchat features, but then share, use, or post it on a different platform. The more our users engage with third-party websites and applications, the less engagement we may get from them, which would adversely affect the revenue we could earn from them. Although we believe that Snapchat reaps significant long-term benefits from increased user engagement with content on Snapchat provided by our partners, these benefits may not offset the possible loss of advertising revenue, in which case our business could be seriously harmed. 
 If events occur that damage our brand or reputation, our business may be seriously harmed. 
 We have developed a brand that we believe has contributed to our success. We also believe that maintaining and enhancing our brand is critical to expanding our user base, advertisers, and partners. Because many of our users join Snapchat on the invitation or recommendation of a friend or family member, one of our primary focuses is on ensuring that our users continue to view Snapchat and our brand favorably so that these referrals continue. Maintaining and enhancing our brand will depend largely on our ability to continue to provide useful, novel, fun, reliable, trustworthy, and innovative products, which we may not do successfully. We may introduce new products, make changes to existing products and services, or require our users to agree to new terms of service related to new and existing products that users do not like, which may negatively affect our brand in the short-term, long-term, or both. Additionally, our partners actions may affect our brand if users do not appreciate what those partners do on Snapchat. We may also fail to adequately support the needs of our users, advertisers, or partners, which could erode confidence in our brand. Maintaining and enhancing our brand may require us to make substantial investments and these investments may not be successful. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brand or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business may be seriously harmed. 
 In the past, we have experienced, and we expect that we will continue to experience, media, legislative, and regulatory scrutiny. Unfavorable publicity regarding us, our privacy or security practices, product changes, product quality, illicit use of our product, litigation, employee matters, or regulatory activity, or regarding the actions of our founders, our partners, our users, or other companies in our industry, could seriously harm our reputation and brand. Negative publicity and scrutiny could also adversely affect the size, demographics, engagement, and loyalty of our user base and result in decreased revenue, fewer app installs (or increased app un-installs), or declining user base or growth rates, any of which could seriously harm our business. 
 Expanding and operating in international markets requires significant resources and management attention. If we are not successful in expanding and operating our business in international markets, we may incur significant costs, damage our brand, or need to lay off team members in those markets, any of which may seriously harm our business. 
 We have expanded to new international markets and are growing our operations in existing international markets, which may have very different cultures and commercial, legal, and regulatory systems than where we predominantly operate. In connection with our international expansion and growth, we have also hired new team members in many of these markets. This international expansion may: 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 impede our ability to continuously monitor the performance of all of our team members; 
 result in hiring of team members who may not yet fully understand our business, products, and culture; or 
 cause us to expand in markets that may lack the culture and infrastructure needed to adopt our products. 
 These issues may eventually lead to turnover or layoffs of team members in these markets and may harm our ability to grow our business in these markets. In addition, scaling our business to international markets imposes complexity on our business, and requires additional financial, legal, and management resources. We may not be able to manage growth and expansion effectively, which could damage our brand, result in significant costs, and seriously harm our business. For example, in August 2022, we announced a plan to reduce our global employee headcount by approximately 20 . The headcount reduction is part of a broader strategic reprioritization by the company to focus on our top priorities, improve cost efficiencies, and drive toward profitability and positive free cash flow. As a result of the strategic reprioritization, in the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred pre-tax charges of 188.9 million, primarily consisting of severance and related charges, stock-based compensation expense, lease exit and related charges, impairment charges, contract termination charges, and intangible asset amortization. This headcount reduction and strategic reprioritization could disrupt our operations, adversely impact employee retention and morale, adversely impact our reputation as an employer, which could make it more difficult for us to retain existing employees and hire new employees in the future, distract management, and seriously harm our business. 
 Additionally, as we increase the number of our team members internationally, we are exposed to political, social, and economic instability in additional countries and regions. For example, we have team members in Ukraine, and the current conflict and instability in the region has disrupted our operations and negatively impacted our team members and our business. 
 Our products are highly technical and may contain undetected software bugs or hardware errors, which could manifest in ways that could seriously harm our reputation and our business. 
 Our products are highly technical and complex. Snapchat, our other products, or products we may introduce in the future, may contain undetected software bugs, hardware errors, and other vulnerabilities. These bugs and errors can manifest in any number of ways in our products, including through diminished performance, security vulnerabilities, malfunctions, or even permanently disabled products. We have a practice of rapidly updating our products and some errors in our products may be discovered only after a product has been released or shipped and used by users, and may in some cases be detected only under certain circumstances or after extended use. While we maintain an application security program designed to detect bugs and vulnerabilities in our products prior to their launch and a bug bounty program to allow security researchers to assist us in identifying vulnerabilities in our products before they are exploited by malicious threat actors, there is no guarantee that we will be able to discover every vulnerability or threat to our products. We may be unable to detect bugs, vulnerabilities or threats because no testing can reveal all bugs and vulnerabilities in highly technical and complex products that are constantly evolving, cyber threat actors are developing sophisticated and often undisclosed exploit development tools and techniques, and vulnerabilities in open source and third party software that may be included in our products are disclosed daily. Any errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities discovered in our products or code after release could damage our reputation, result in a security incident (and all the attendant risks), drive away users, lower revenue, and expose us to claims or regulatory investigations, any of which could seriously harm our business. 
 Spectacles, as an eyewear product, is regulated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, and may malfunction in a way that results in physical harm to a user or others around the user. We offer a limited one-year warranty in the United States and a limited two-year warranty in Europe, and any such defects discovered in our products after commercial release could result in a loss of sales and users, which could seriously harm our business. 
 We could also face claims for product liability, tort, or breach of warranty. In addition, our product contracts with users contain provisions relating to warranty disclaimers and liability limitations, which may not be upheld. Defending a lawsuit, regardless of its merit, is costly and may divert management s attention and seriously harm our reputation and our business. In addition, if our liability insurance coverage proves inadequate or future coverage is unavailable on acceptable terms or at all, our business could be seriously harmed. 
 We have been, are currently, and may in the future be subject to regulatory inquiries, investigations, and proceedings in the future, which could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a way that could seriously harm our business. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 We have been, are currently, and may in the future be subject to inquiries, investigations, and proceedings instituted by government entities. We regularly report information about our business to federal, state, and foreign regulators in the ordinary course of operations. For example, many companies in our industry have received additional information requests from the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, and companies with operations in California, including us, have received additional information requests and notices of cause from the California Civil Rights Department (formerly the California Department of Fair Employment and Housing) regarding employment practices, including pay equity. These actions, including any potential unfavorable outcomes, and our compliance with any associated regulatory orders, consent decrees, or settlements, may require us to change our policies or practices, subject us to substantial monetary fines or other penalties or sanctions, result in increased operating costs, divert management s attention, harm our reputation, and require us to incur significant legal and other expenses, any of which could seriously harm our business. 
 We are currently, and expect to be in the future, party to patent lawsuits and other intellectual property claims that are expensive and time-consuming. If resolved adversely, these lawsuits and claims could seriously harm our business. 
 Companies in the mobile, camera, communication, media, internet, and other technology-related industries own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights, and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation, or other violations of intellectual property or other rights. In addition, various non-practicing entities and other entities that own patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights often attempt to aggressively assert their rights to extract value from technology companies. Furthermore, from time to time we may introduce new products or make other business changes, including in areas where we currently do not compete, which could increase our exposure to patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, and other intellectual property rights claims from competitors and non-practicing entities. We have been subject to, and expect to continue to be subject to, claims and legal proceedings from holders of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights alleging that some of our products or content infringe their rights. For example, in January 2020, You Map, Inc. filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware against us, our subsidiary Zenly, and certain of our respective employees alleging that we misappropriated various trade secrets regarding map technology used in Snapchat s and Zenly s map products and that the Snapchat and Zenly applications infringe a You Map patent. While we believe we have meritorious defenses to these claims, an unfavorable outcome in these and other similar lawsuits could seriously harm our business. If these or other matters continue in the future or we need to enter into licensing arrangements, which may not be available to us or on terms favorable to us, it may increase our costs and decrease the value of our products, and our business could be seriously harmed. If a third party does not offer us a license to its intellectual property on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, we may be required to develop, acquire or license alternative, non-infringing technology, which could require significant time, effort, and expense, and may ultimately not be successful. Any of these events would adversely affect our business. 
 Moreover, we may not be aware if our platform is infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise violating third-party intellectual property rights, and third parties may bring claims alleging such infringement, misappropriation, or violation. Because patent applications can take years to issue and are often afforded confidentiality for some period of time, there may currently be pending applications, unknown to us, that later result in issued patents that could cover one or more of our products and there is also a risk that we could adopt a technology without knowledge of a pending patent application, which technology would infringe a third-party patent once that patent is issued. Moreover, the law continues to evolve and be applied and interpreted by courts in novel ways that we may not be able to adequately anticipate, and such changes may subject us to additional claims and liabilities. In a patent infringement claim against us, we may assert, as a defense, that we do not infringe the relevant patent claims, that the patent is invalid or both. The strength of our defenses will depend on the patents asserted, the interpretation of these patents and our ability to invalidate the asserted patents. However, we could be unsuccessful in advancing non-infringement or invalidity arguments in our defense. In the United States, issued patents enjoy a presumption of validity, and the party challenging the validity of a patent claim must present clear and convincing evidence of invalidity, which is a high burden of proof. Conversely, the patent owner need only prove infringement by a preponderance of the evidence, which is a lower burden of proof. Intellectual property claims, whether or not successful, could divert management time and attention away from our business and harm our reputation and financial condition. Moreover, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on our business. 
 We rely on a variety of statutory and common-law frameworks for the content we host and provide our users, including the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, the Communications Decency Act, or CDA, and the fair-use doctrine. However, each of these statutes and doctrines is subject to uncertain judicial interpretation and regulatory and legislative 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 amendments. For example, the U.S. Congress amended the CDA in 2018 in ways that could expose some Internet platforms to an increased risk of litigation. In addition, the U.S. Congress and the Executive branch have proposed further changes or amendments each year since 2019 including, among other things, proposals that would narrow the CDA immunity, expand government enforcement power relating to content moderation concerns, or repeal the CDA altogether. Some U.S. states have also enacted or proposed legislation that would undercut, or conflict with, the CDA s protections. Although such state laws have been or can be expected to be challenged in court, if these laws were upheld or if additional similar laws or the changes or amendments to the CDA proposed by the U.S. Congress and the Executive branch were enacted, such changes may decrease the protections provided by the CDA and expose us to lawsuits, penalties, and additional compliance obligations. If courts begin to interpret the CDA more narrowly than they have historically done, this could expose us to additional lawsuits and potential judgments and seriously harm our business. The U.S. Supreme Court recently agreed to hear a case concerning the scope of CDA protection; an eventual ruling in that case might narrow the judicial interpretation of the statute, exposing us to additional lawsuits and potential judgments that could seriously harm our business. Moreover, some of these statutes and doctrines that we rely on provide protection only or primarily in the United States. If the rules around these doctrines change, if international jurisdictions refuse to apply similar protections, or if a court were to disagree with our application of those rules to our service, we could incur liability or be required to make significant changes to our products, business practices, or operations, and our business could be seriously harmed. 
 From time to time, we are involved in class-action lawsuits and other litigation matters that are expensive and time-consuming and could seriously harm our business. 
 We are involved in numerous lawsuits, including putative class-action lawsuits brought by users and investors, some of which may claim statutory damages. We anticipate that we will continue to be a target for lawsuits in the future. Because we have millions of users, class-action lawsuits against us that are purportedly filed by or on behalf of users typically claim enormous monetary damages in the aggregate even if the alleged per-user harm is small or non-existent. For example, in November 2020, a putative class filed an action against us in Illinois, alleging that we violated BIPA, which we recently settled. Other plaintiffs have chosen to pursue a strategy of joining with other plaintiffs to bring a large number of individual claims, rather than pursuing a class action. For example, a sizable number of plaintiffs have sued us and other technology companies alleging that social platforms are addictive and harmful to minor users' mental health. Other plaintiffs have argued that we should be legally responsible for fentanyl overdoses or poisoning, if communications about a drug transaction occurred on our platform. 
 Similarly, because we have a large number of stockholders, class-action lawsuits on securities theories typically claim enormous monetary damages in the aggregate even if the alleged loss per stockholder is small. For example, in November 2021, we, and certain of our officers, were named as defendants in a securities class action lawsuit in federal court purportedly brought on behalf of purchasers of our Class A common stock. The lawsuit alleges that we and certain of our officers made false or misleading statements and omissions concerning the impact that Apple s App Tracking Transparency, or ATT, framework would have on our business. In August 2022, we, and certain of our directors, were named as defendants in a class action lawsuit in Delaware Chancery Court purportedly brought on behalf of Class A stockholders, alleging that a transaction between the company s co-founders and the company, in which the co-founders agreed to employment agreements and we agreed to amend our certificate of incorporation and issue a stock dividend if certain conditions were met, was not advantageous to the stockholders and constituted a breach of fiduciary duty. 
 We believe we have meritorious defenses to these lawsuits, but litigation is inherently uncertain and an unfavorable outcome could seriously harm our business. Any litigation to which we are a party may result in an onerous or unfavorable judgment that might not be reversed on appeal, or we may decide to settle lawsuits on adverse terms. Any such negative outcome could result in payments of substantial monetary damages or fines, or changes to our products or business practices, and seriously harm our business. Even if the outcome of any such litigation or claim is favorable, defending them is costly and can impose a significant burden on management and employees. We may also receive unfavorable preliminary, interim, or final rulings in the course of litigation. 
 We may face lawsuits, incur liability, or need to seek licenses based on information posted to our products. 
 We have faced, currently face, and will continue to face claims relating to information that is published or made available on our products, including Snapchat. In particular, the nature of our business exposes us to claims related to defamation, intellectual property rights, rights of publicity and privacy, and personal injury torts. For example, we do not monitor or edit the vast majority of content that is communicated through Snapchat, and such content has, and may in the future, expose us to lawsuits. Specifically, we are currently facing several lawsuits alleging that we are liable for allowing users to communicate with each other, and that those communications sometimes result in harm. In addition, other lawsuits 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 allege that the design of our platform and those of our competitors is addictive and harmful to minor users mental health. We believe we have meritorious defenses to these lawsuits, but litigation is inherently uncertain and unfavorable outcomes could seriously harm our business. 
 This risk is enhanced in certain jurisdictions outside the United States where our protection from liability for third-party actions may be less than the protection that exists in the United States. For example, in April 2019, the European Union passed a directive expanding online platform liability for copyright infringement and regulating certain uses of news content online, which member states were required to implement by June 2021. In addition, legislation in Germany may impose significant fines for failure to comply with certain content removal and disclosure obligations. Numerous other countries in Europe, the Middle East, Asia-Pacific, and Latin America are considering or have implemented similar legislation imposing penalties for failure to remove certain types of content or follow certain processes. 
 In the United States, there have been various Congressional and Executive branch efforts to remove or restrict the scope of the protections available to online platforms under Section 230 of the CDA, and some U.S. states have also enacted or proposed legislation that would undercut, or conflict with, the CDA s protections. For example, the CDA was amended in 2018, and the U.S. Congress and the Executive branch have proposed further changes or amendments each year since 2019, including among other things proposals that would narrow CDA immunity, expand government enforcement power relating to content moderation concerns, or repeal the CDA altogether. The U.S. Supreme Court recently agreed to hear a case concerning the scope of CDA protection; an eventual ruling in that case might narrow the judicial interpretation of the statute, exposing us to additional lawsuits and potential judgments that could seriously harm our business. Such changes could decrease or change our protections from liability for third-party content in the United States. 
 We could incur significant costs investigating and defending such claims and, if we are found liable, significant damages, or license costs. We could also face fines or orders restricting or blocking our services in particular geographies as a result of content hosted on our services. If any of these events occur, we may incur significant costs or be required to make significant changes to our products, business practices, or operations and our business could be seriously harmed. 
 We plan to continue expanding our international operations where we have limited operating experience and may be subject to increased business and economic risks that could seriously harm our business. 
 We plan to continue expanding our business operations abroad and translating our products into other languages. Snapchat is currently available in more than 40 languages, and we have offices in more than 15 countries. We plan to enter new international markets and expand our operations in existing international markets, where we have limited or no experience in marketing, selling, and deploying our products and advertisements. Our limited experience and infrastructure in such markets, or the lack of a critical mass of users in such markets, may make it more difficult for us to effectively monetize any increase in DAUs in those markets, and may increase our costs without a corresponding increase in revenue. If we fail to deploy or manage our operations in international markets successfully, our business may suffer. We do not currently enter into foreign currency exchange contracts, which means our business, financial condition, and operating results may be impacted by fluctuations in the exchange rates of the currencies in which we do business. In the future, as our international operations increase, or more of our revenue agreements or operating expenses are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, these impacts may become material. In addition, as our international operations and sales continue to grow, we are subject to a variety of risks inherent in doing business internationally, including: 
 political, social, and economic instability, including war and other armed conflicts; 
 risks related to the legal and regulatory environment in foreign jurisdictions, including with respect to privacy, rights of publicity, content, data protection, intellectual property, health and safety, competition, protection of minors, consumer protection, employment, money transmission, import and export restrictions, gift cards, electronic funds transfers, anti-money laundering, advertising, algorithms, encryption, and taxation, and unexpected changes in laws, regulatory requirements, and enforcement; 
 potential damage to our brand and reputation due to compliance with local laws, including potential censorship and requirements to provide user information to local authorities; 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
 higher levels of credit risk and payment fraud; 
 complying with tax requirements of multiple jurisdictions; 
 enhanced difficulties of integrating any foreign acquisitions; 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 complying with a variety of foreign laws, including certain employment laws requiring national collective bargaining agreements that set minimum salaries, benefits, working conditions, and termination requirements; 
 reduced protection for intellectual-property rights in some countries; 
 difficulties in staffing and managing global operations and the increased travel, infrastructure, and compliance costs associated with multiple international locations; 
 regulations that might add difficulties in repatriating cash earned outside the United States and otherwise preventing us from freely moving cash; 
 import and export restrictions and changes in trade regulation; 
 complying with statutory equity requirements; 
 complying with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, and similar laws in other jurisdictions; and 
 export controls and economic sanctions administered by the Department of Commerce Bureau of Industry and Security, the Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control, or other similar foreign regulatory bodies. 
 If we are unable to expand internationally and manage the complexity of our global operations successfully, our business could be seriously harmed. 
 Exposure to United Kingdom political developments, including the effect of its withdrawal from the European Union, could be costly and difficult to comply with and could harm our business. 
 We have based a significant portion of our European operations in the United Kingdom and have licensed a portion of our intellectual property to one of our United Kingdom subsidiaries. These operations continue to face risks and potential disruptions related to the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union, commonly referred to as Brexit. Although the United Kingdom and the European Union have entered into a trade and cooperation agreement, the long-term nature of the United Kingdom s relationship with the European Union remains unclear. For example, Brexit could lead to potentially divergent laws and regulations, such as with respect to data protection and data transfer laws, that could be costly and complicate compliance efforts. While we continue to monitor these developments, the full effect of Brexit on our operations is uncertain and our business could be harmed by trade disputes or political differences between the United Kingdom and the European Union in the future. 
 We plan to continue to make acquisitions and strategic investments in other companies, which could require significant management attention, disrupt our business, dilute our stockholders, and seriously harm our business. 
 As part of our business strategy, we have made and intend to make acquisitions to add specialized team members and complementary companies, products, and technologies, as well as investments in public and private companies in furtherance of our strategic objectives. Our ability to acquire and successfully integrate larger or more complex companies, products, and technologies is unproven. In the future, we may not be able to find other suitable acquisition or investment candidates, and we may not be able to complete acquisitions or investments on favorable terms, if at all. Our previous and future acquisitions and investments may not achieve our goals, and any future acquisitions or investments we complete could be viewed negatively by users, advertisers, partners, or investors. In addition, if we fail to successfully close transactions, integrate new teams, or integrate the products and technologies associated with these acquisitions into our company, our business could be seriously harmed. Any integration process may require significant time and resources, and we may not be able to manage the process successfully. For example, future or past business transactions could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, as our systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities systems and technologies. We may not successfully evaluate or use the acquired products, technology, and personnel, or accurately forecast the financial impact of an acquisition or investment transaction, including accounting charges. We may also incur unanticipated liabilities and litigation exposure that we assume as a result of acquiring companies. We may have to pay cash, incur debt, or issue equity securities to pay for any acquisition or investment, any of which could seriously harm our business. Selling or issuing equity to finance or carry out any such acquisition or investment would also dilute our existing stockholders. Incurring debt would increase our fixed obligations and could also include covenants or other restrictions that would impede our ability to manage our operations. 
 In addition, it generally takes several months after the closing of an acquisition to finalize the purchase price allocation. Therefore, it is possible that our valuation of an acquisition may change and result in unanticipated write-offs or 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 charges, impairment of our goodwill, or a material change to the fair value of the assets and liabilities associated with a particular acquisition, any of which could seriously harm our business. 
 The strategic investments we make in public and private companies around the world range from early-stage companies still defining their strategic direction to mature companies with established revenue streams and business models. Many of the instruments in which we invest are non-marketable and illiquid at the time of our initial investment, and we are not always able to achieve a return in a timely fashion, if at all. Our ability to realize a return on our investment in a private company, if any, is typically dependent on the company participating in a liquidity event, such as a public offering or acquisition. To the extent any of the companies in which we invest are not successful, which can include failures to achieve business objectives as well as bankruptcy, we could recognize an impairment or lose all or part of our investment. 
 Our acquisition and investment strategy may not succeed if we are unable to remain attractive to target companies or expeditiously close transactions. For example, if we develop a reputation for being a difficult acquirer or having an unfavorable work environment, or target companies view our non-voting Class A common stock unfavorably, we may be unable to source and close acquisition targets. In addition, members of the U.S. administration and Congress have proposed new legislation that could limit, hinder, or delay the acquisition process and target opportunities. If we are unable to consummate key acquisition transactions essential to our corporate strategy, it may limit our ability to grow or compete effectively and our business may be seriously harmed. 
 If our goodwill or intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings, which could seriously harm our business. 
 Under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, we review our intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill is required to be tested for impairment at least annually. As of December 31, 2022, we had recorded a total of 1.9 billion of goodwill and intangible assets, net related to our acquisitions. An adverse change in market conditions, particularly if such change has the effect of changing one of our critical assumptions or estimates, could result in a change to the estimation of fair value that could result in an impairment charge to our goodwill or intangible assets. Any such material charges may seriously harm our business. 
 We have spent and may continue to spend substantial funds in connection with the tax liabilities on the settlement of equity awards. The manner in which we fund these tax liabilities may cause us to spend substantial funds or dilute stockholders, either of which may have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 When our employee equity awards vest, we withhold taxes and remit them, along with any employee and employer social security contributions, to relevant taxing authorities on behalf of team members and, where applicable, their employers. To fund the withholding and remittance obligations for equity awards, we have either used our existing cash or sold a portion of vested equity awards on behalf of our team members near the applicable settlement dates in an amount that is substantially equivalent to the number of shares of common stock that we would withhold in connection with these settlements. In the future, we may also sell equity on our behalf and use the proceeds to fund the withholding and remittance obligations for equity awards. Any of these methods may have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 If we sell shares on behalf of our team members, although those newly issued shares should not be dilutive, such sales to the market could result in a decline to our stock price. If we use our existing cash, or if our cash reserves are not sufficient, we may choose to issue equity securities or borrow funds under our revolving credit facility. In such an event, we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully match the proceeds of any such equity financing to the then applicable tax liability, and any such equity financing could result in a decline in our stock price and be dilutive to existing stockholders. If we elect to satisfy tax withholding and remittance obligations in whole or in part by drawing on our revolving credit facility, our interest expense and principal repayment requirements could increase significantly, which could seriously harm our business. 
 There are numerous risks associated with our internal and contract manufacturing of our physical products and components. If we encounter problems with either our internal or contract manufacturing, we may not deliver our products within specifications or on time, which may seriously harm our business. 
 Manufacturing processes are highly complex, require advanced and costly equipment, and must be continuously modified to improve yields and performance. We rely on suppliers and contract manufacturers in connection with the 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 production of our own physical products and components. We and our contract manufacturers are all vulnerable to capacity constraints and reduced component availability, and have limited control over delivery schedules, manufacturing yields, and costs, particularly when components are in short supply, or if we introduce a new product or feature. In addition, we have limited control over our suppliers and manufacturers quality systems and controls, and therefore must rely on them to meet our quality and performance standards and specifications. Delays, component shortages, including custom components that are manufactured for us at our direction, global trade conditions and agreements, and other manufacturing and supply problems could impair the distribution of our products and ultimately our brand. For example, the United States has threatened tougher trade terms with China and other countries, leading to the imposition, or potential future imposition, of substantially higher U.S. Section 301 tariffs on certain imports from China, which may adversely affect our products and seriously harm our business. 
 Furthermore, any adverse change in our suppliers or contract manufacturers financial or business condition or our relationship with them could disrupt our ability to supply our products. If we change our suppliers or contract manufacturers, or shift to more internal manufacturing operations, we may lose revenue, incur increased costs, and damage our reputation and brand. Qualifying and commencing operations with a new supplier or contract manufacturer is expensive and time-consuming. In addition, if we experience increased demand for our products, we may need to increase our material or component purchases, internal or contract-manufacturing capacity, and internal test and quality functions. The inability of our suppliers or contract manufacturers to provide us with adequate high-quality materials and products could delay our order fulfillment, and may require us to change the design of our products to meet this increased demand. Any redesign may require us to re-qualify our products with any applicable regulatory bodies or customers, which would be costly and time-consuming. This may lead to unsatisfied customers and users and increase costs to us, which could seriously harm our business. As we increase or acquire additional manufacturing capacity, we are subject to many complex and evolving environmental, health, and safety laws, regulations, and rules in each jurisdiction in which we operate. If we fail to comply with any such laws and regulations, then we could incur regulatory penalties, fines, and legal liabilities, suspension of production, significant compliance requirements, alteration of our manufacturing processes, or restrictions on our ability to modify or expand our facilities, any of which could seriously harm our business. 
 In addition, any errors or defects in any parts or technology incorporated into our products could result in product failures that could seriously harm our business. Further, any defect in manufacturing, design, or other could cause our products to fail or render them permanently inoperable. For example, the typical means by which our Spectacles product connects to mobile devices is by way of a Bluetooth transceiver located in the Spectacles product. If the Bluetooth transceiver in our Spectacles product were to fail, it would not be able to connect to a user s mobile device and Spectacles would not be able to deliver any content to the mobile device and the Snapchat application. As a result, we may have to replace these products at our sole cost and expense, face litigation, or be subject to other liabilities. Should we have a widespread problem of this kind, the reputational damage and the cost of replacing these products, or other liabilities, could seriously harm our business. 
 Some of our products are in regulated industries. Clearances to market regulated products can be costly and time-consuming, and we may not be able to obtain these clearances or approvals on a timely basis, or at all, for future products. 
 The FDA and other state and foreign regulatory agencies regulate Spectacles. We may develop future products that are regulated as medical devices by the FDA or regulated by other governmental agencies. Government authorities, primarily the FDA and corresponding regulatory agencies, regulate the medical device industry. Unless there is an exemption, we must obtain regulatory approval from the FDA and corresponding agencies, or other applicable governmental authorities, before we can market or sell a new regulated product or make a significant modification to an existing product. Obtaining regulatory clearances to market a medical device or other regulated products can be costly and time-consuming, and we may not be able to obtain these clearances or approvals on a timely basis, or at all, for future products. Any delay in, or failure to receive or maintain, clearance or approval for any products under development could prevent us from launching new products. We could seriously harm our business and the ability to sell our products if we experience any product problems requiring reporting to governmental authorities, if we fail to comply with applicable federal, state, or foreign agency regulations, or if we are subject to enforcement actions such as fines, civil penalties, injunctions, product recalls, or failure to obtain regulatory clearances or approvals. 
 We have faced inventory risk with respect to our physical products. 
 We have been and may in the future be exposed to inventory risks related to our physical products as a result of rapid changes in product cycles and pricing, defective merchandise, changes in consumer demand and consumer spending 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 patterns, changes in consumer tastes with respect to our products, and other factors. We try to accurately predict these trends and avoid overstocking or understocking inventory. Demand for products, however, can change significantly between the time inventory or components are ordered and the date of sale. The acquisition of certain types of inventory or components may require significant lead-time and prepayment and they may not be returnable. Failure to manage our inventory, supplier commitments, or customer expectations could seriously harm our business. 
 Risks Related to Credit and Financing 
 We have offered and may continue to offer credit to our partners to stay competitive, and as a result we may be exposed to credit risk of some of our partners, which may seriously harm our business. 
 We engage in business with some of our partners on an open credit basis. While we attempt to monitor individual partner payment capability when we grant open credit arrangements and maintain allowances we believe are adequate to cover exposure for doubtful accounts, we cannot assure investors these programs will be effective in managing our credit risks in the future. This may be especially true as our business grows and expands, we engage with partners that have limited operating history, or we engage with partners that we may not be familiar with. If we are unable to adequately control these risks, our business could be seriously harmed. 
 Operating our business requires a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay the Convertible Notes, and any other debt when due, which may seriously harm our business. 
 Our ability to make principal or interest payments on, or to refinance, the Convertible Notes or other indebtedness depends on our future performance, which is subject to many factors beyond our control. Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our debt and business. If we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, restructuring debt, obtaining additional debt financing, or issuing additional equity securities, any of which may be on terms that are not favorable to us or, in the case of equity securities, highly dilutive to our stockholders. Our ability to refinance the Convertible Notes or our other indebtedness will depend on various factors, including the available capital markets, our business, and our financial condition at such time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations. In addition, our existing and future debt agreements, including the Convertible Notes and Credit Facility, may contain restrictive covenants that may prohibit us from adopting any of these alternatives. Our failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of our debt, and would seriously harm our business. 
 In addition, holders of the Convertible Notes have the right to require us to repurchase all or a portion of the Convertible Notes on the occurrence of a fundamental change at a repurchase price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. Further, if a make-whole fundamental change as defined in each of the indentures governing the Convertible Notes, or the Indentures, occurs prior to the maturity date of the Convertible Notes, we will in some cases be required to increase the conversion rate for a holder that elects to convert its Convertible Notes in connection with such make-whole fundamental change. On the conversion of the Convertible Notes, unless we elect to deliver solely shares of our Class A common stock to settle such conversion (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we will be required to make cash payments for the Convertible Notes being converted. However, we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to make such repurchases of the Convertible Notes surrendered or pay cash with respect to the Convertible Notes being converted. 
 If we default on our credit obligations, our operations may be interrupted and our business could be seriously harmed. 
 We have a Credit Facility that we may draw on to finance our operations, acquisitions, and other corporate purposes. If we default on these credit obligations, our lenders may: 
 require repayment of any outstanding amounts drawn on our Credit Facility; 
 terminate our Credit Facility; or 
 require us to pay significant damages. 
 If any of these events occur, our operations may be interrupted and our ability to fund our operations or obligations, as well as our business, could be seriously harmed. In addition, our Credit Facility contains operating covenants, including customary limitations on the incurrence of certain indebtedness and liens, restrictions on certain 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 intercompany transactions, and limitations on the amount of dividends and stock repurchases. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, and breaches of these covenants could result in a default under the Credit Facility and any future financial agreements into which we may enter. If not waived, defaults could cause our outstanding indebtedness under our outstanding Convertible Notes or our Credit Facility, including any future financing agreements that we may enter into, to become immediately due and payable. For more information on our Credit Facility, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 We cannot be certain that additional financing will be available on reasonable terms when needed, or at all, which could seriously harm our business. 
 We have historically incurred net losses and negative cash flow from operations, and we may not attain and sustain profitability in future periods. As a result, we may need additional financing. Our ability to obtain additional financing, if and when required, will depend on investor demand, our operating performance, our credit rating, the condition of the capital markets, and other factors. To the extent we use available funds or draw on our Credit Facility, we may need to raise additional funds and we cannot assure investors that additional financing will be available to us on favorable terms when required, or at all. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-linked, or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to the rights of our Class A common stock, and our existing stockholders may experience dilution. In the event that we are unable to obtain additional financing on favorable terms, our interest expense and principal repayment requirements could increase significantly, which could seriously harm our business. 
 Risks Related to Taxes 
 New legislation that would change U.S. or foreign taxation of business activities, including the imposition of tax based on gross revenue, could seriously harm our business, or the financial markets and the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 Reforming the taxation of international businesses has been a priority for politicians at a global level, and a wide variety of changes have been proposed or enacted. Due to the large and expanding scale of our international business activities, any changes in the taxation of such activities may increase our tax expense, the amount of taxes we pay, or both, and seriously harm our business. For example, legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which was enacted in December 2017, significantly reformed the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act lowered U.S. federal corporate income tax rates, changed the utilization of future net operating loss carryforwards, allowed for the expensing of certain capital expenditures, eliminated the option to currently deduct research and development expenditures and requires taxpayers to capitalize and amortize U.S.-based and non-U.S.-based research and development expenditures over five and fifteen years, respectively, and put into effect significant changes to U.S. taxation of international business activities. In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act, or the IRA, was enacted, the provisions of which include a minimum tax equal to 15 of the adjusted financial statement income of certain large corporations, as well as a 1 excise tax on certain share buybacks by public corporations that would be imposed on such corporations. It is possible that changes under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the IRA or other tax legislation could increase our future tax liability, which could in turn adversely impact our business and future profitability. 
 In addition, many jurisdictions and intergovernmental organizations have been discussing or are in the process of implementing proposals that may change various aspects of the existing framework under which our tax obligations are determined in many of the jurisdictions in which we do business and in which our users are located. Some jurisdictions have enacted, and others have proposed, in each case potentially on a temporary basis pending the implementation of the two-pillar solution described below, taxes based on gross receipts applicable to digital services regardless of profitability. In addition, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, or the OECD, has led international efforts to devise, and to implement on a permanent basis, a two-pillar solution to address the tax challenges arising from the digitalization of the economy. Pillar One focuses on nexus and profit allocation, and Pillar Two provides for a global minimum effective corporate tax rate of 15 . Pillar One would apply to multinational enterprises with annual global revenue above 20 billion euros and profitability above 10 , with the revenue threshold potentially reduced to 10 billion euros in the future. Based on these thresholds, we currently expect to be outside the scope of the Pillar One proposals, though we anticipate that we will be subject to Pillar One in the future if our global revenue exceeds the Pillar One thresholds. In December 2021, the OECD published detailed rules that define the scope of the Pillar Two global minimum effective tax rate proposal. A number of countries, including the United Kingdom, are currently proposing to implement core elements of the Pillar Two proposal by the start of 2024, and the European Union has adopted a Council Directive which requires certain Pillar Two rules to be transposed into member states national laws from such time. Based on our 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 current understanding of the minimum revenue thresholds contained in the proposed Pillar Two rules, we expect that we may be within their scope and so their implementation could impact the amount of tax we have to pay. 
 We continue to examine the impact these and other tax reforms may have on our business. The impact of these and other tax reforms is uncertain and one or more of these or similar measures could seriously harm our business. 
 We may have exposure to greater-than-anticipated tax liabilities, which could seriously harm our business. 
 Our income tax obligations are based on our corporate operating structure and third-party and intercompany arrangements, including the manner in which we develop, value, and use our intellectual property and the valuations of our intercompany transactions. The tax laws applicable to our international business activities, including the laws of the United States and other jurisdictions, are subject to change and uncertain interpretation. The taxing authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge our methodologies for valuing developed technology, intercompany arrangements, or transfer pricing, which could increase our worldwide effective tax rate and the amount of taxes we pay and seriously harm our business. Taxing authorities may also determine that the manner in which we operate our business is not consistent with how we report our income, which could increase our effective tax rate and the amount of taxes we pay and seriously harm our business. In addition, our future income taxes could fluctuate because of earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions that have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles. We are subject to regular review and audit by U.S. federal and state and foreign tax authorities. Any adverse outcome from a review or audit could seriously harm our business. In addition, determining our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment by management, and there are many transactions where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe that our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements for such periods and may seriously harm our business. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited, each of which could seriously harm our business. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 7.4 billion and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 4.6 billion, as well as U.K. net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 3.6 billion. We also accumulated U.S. federal and state research tax credits of 691.5 million and 430.7 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Code, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes, such as research tax credits, to offset its post-change income and taxes may be limited. In general, an ownership change occurs if there is a cumulative change in our ownership by 5 shareholders that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. In the event that we experience one or more ownership changes as a result of transactions in our stock, then we may be limited in our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and other tax assets to reduce taxes owed on the net taxable income that we earn. 
 For U.S. federal income tax purposes, net operating losses arising in tax years beginning before January 1, 2018 can be carried forward to the earlier of the next subsequent twenty tax years or until such losses are fully utilized; net operating losses arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 are not subject to the twenty-year limitation. In addition, for tax years beginning after December 31, 2020, our use of net operating losses arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, may not exceed 80 of such year's taxable income. In the U.K., net operating loss carryforwards can be carried forward indefinitely; however, use of such carryforwards in a given year is generally limited to 50 of such year s taxable income and may be subject to ownership change rules that restrict the use of net operating loss carryforwards. 
 Any limitations on the ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and other tax assets, as well as the timing of any such use, could seriously harm our business. 
 Our operating results may be negatively affected if we are required to pay additional sales and use tax, value added tax, or other transaction taxes, and we could be subject to liability with respect to all or a portion of past or future sales. 
 We currently collect and remit sales and use, value added and other transaction taxes in certain of the jurisdictions where we do business based on our assessment of the amount of taxes owed by us in such jurisdictions. However, in some jurisdictions in which we do business, we do not believe that we owe such taxes, and therefore we currently do not collect 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 and remit such taxes in those jurisdictions or record contingent tax liabilities in respect of those jurisdictions. A successful assertion that we are required to pay additional taxes in connection with sales of our products and solutions, or the imposition of new laws or regulations or the interpretation of existing laws and regulations requiring the payment of additional taxes, would result in increased costs and administrative burdens for us. If we are subject to additional taxes and determine to offset such increased costs by collecting and remitting such taxes from our customers, or otherwise passing those costs through to our customers, companies may be discouraged from purchasing our products and solutions. Any increased tax burden may decrease our ability or willingness to compete in relatively burdensome tax jurisdictions, result in substantial tax liabilities related to past or future sales or otherwise seriously harm our business. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 
 Holders of Class A common stock have no voting rights. As a result, holders of Class A common stock will not have any ability to influence stockholder decisions. 
 Class A common stockholders have no voting rights, unless required by Delaware law. As a result, all matters submitted to stockholders will be decided by the vote of holders of Class B common stock and Class C common stock. As of December 31, 2022, Mr. Spiegel and Mr. Murphy control over 99 of the voting power of our capital stock, and Mr. Spiegel alone may exercise voting control over our outstanding capital stock. Mr. Spiegel and Mr. Murphy voting together, or in many instances, Mr. Spiegel acting alone, will have control over all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval. In addition, because our Class A common stock carries no voting rights (except as required by Delaware law), the issuance of the Class A common stock in future offerings, in future stock-based acquisition transactions, or to fund employee equity incentive programs could prolong the duration of Mr. Spiegel s and Mr. Murphy s current relative ownership of our voting power and their ability to elect certain directors and to determine the outcome of all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. This concentrated control eliminates other stockholders ability to influence corporate matters and, as a result, we may take actions that our stockholders do not view as beneficial. As a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. 
 We cannot predict the impact our capital structure and the concentrated control by our founders may have on our stock price or our business. 
 Although other U.S.-based companies have publicly traded classes of non-voting stock, to our knowledge, we were the first company to only list non-voting stock on a U.S. stock exchange. We cannot predict whether this structure, combined with the concentrated control by Mr. Spiegel and Mr. Murphy, will result in a lower trading price or greater fluctuations in the trading price of our Class A common stock, or will result in adverse publicity or other adverse consequences. In addition, some indexes have indicated they will exclude non-voting stock, like our Class A common stock, from their membership. For example, FTSE Russell, a provider of widely followed stock indexes, requires new constituents of its indexes to have at least five percent of their voting rights in the hands of public stockholders. In addition, S P Dow Jones, another provider of widely followed stock indexes, has stated that companies with multiple share classes will not be eligible for certain of their indexes. As a result, our Class A common stock is not eligible for these stock indexes. We cannot assure you that other stock indexes will not take a similar approach to FTSE Russell or S P Dow Jones in the future. Exclusion from indexes could make our Class A common stock less attractive to investors and, as a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. Additionally, the exclusion of our Class A common stock from these indexes may limit the types of investors who invest in our Class A common stock and could make the trading price of our Class A common stock more volatile. 
 Because our Class A common stock is non-voting, we and our stockholders are exempt from certain provisions of U.S. securities laws. This may limit the information available to holders of our Class A common stock. 
 Because our Class A common stock is non-voting, significant holders of our common stock are exempt from the obligation to file reports under Sections 13(d), 13(g), and 16 of the Exchange Act. These provisions generally require periodic reporting of beneficial ownership by significant stockholders, including changes in that ownership. For example, we believe that Tencent Holdings Limited, together with its affiliates, holds greater than 10 of our Class A common stock based in part on Tencent Holdings Limited s public reporting. As a result of our capital structure, holders are not obligated to disclose changes in ownership of our Class A common stock, so there can be no assurance that you, or we, will be notified of any such changes. Our directors and officers are required to file reports under Section 16 of the Exchange Act. Our significant stockholders, other than directors and officers, are exempt from the short-swing profit recovery provisions of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and related rules with respect to their purchases and sales of our securities. As such, stockholders will be unable to bring derivative claims for disgorgement of profits for trades by significant stockholders under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act unless the significant stockholders are also directors or officers. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Since our Class A common stock is our only class of stock registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act and that class is non-voting, we are not required to file proxy statements or information statements under Section 14 of the Exchange Act, unless a vote of the Class A common stock is required by applicable law. Accordingly, legal causes of action and remedies under Section 14 of the Exchange Act for inadequate or misleading information in proxy statements may not be available to holders of our Class A common stock. If we do not deliver any proxy statements, information statements, annual reports, and other information and reports to the holders of our Class B common stock and Class C common stock, then we will similarly not provide any of this information to holders of our Class A common stock. Because we are not required to file proxy statements or information statements under Section 14 of the Exchange Act, any proxy statement, information statement, or notice of our annual meeting may not include all information under Section 14 of the Exchange Act that a public company with voting securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act would be required to provide to its stockholders. Most of that information, however, will be reported in other public filings. For example, any disclosures required by Part III of Form 10-K as well as disclosures required by the NYSE for the year ended December 31, 2022 that are customarily included in a proxy statement are instead included in our Annual Report. But some information required in a proxy statement or information statement is not required in any other public filing. For example, we will not be required to comply with the proxy access rules or the pay versus performance disclosure rules under Section 14 of the Exchange Act. If we take any action in an extraordinary meeting of stockholders where the holders of Class A common stock are not entitled to vote, we will not be required to provide the information required under Section 14 of the Exchange Act. Nor will we be required to file a preliminary proxy statement under Section 14 of the Exchange Act. Since that information is also not required in a Form 10-K, holders of Class A common stock may not receive the information required under Section 14 of the Exchange Act with respect to extraordinary meetings of stockholders. In addition, we are not subject to the say-on-pay and say-on-frequency provisions of the Dodd Frank Act. As a result, our stockholders do not have an opportunity to provide a non-binding vote on the compensation of our executive officers. Moreover, holders of our Class A common stock will be unable to bring matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or nominate directors at such meeting, nor can they submit stockholder proposals under Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act. 
 The trading price of our Class A common stock has been and will likely continue to be volatile. 
 The trading price of our Class A common stock has been and is likely to continue to be volatile. From January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2022, the trading price of our Class A common stock ranged from 7.33 to 83.34. Declines or volatility in our trading price, including during the current economic downturn, could make it more difficult to attract and retain talent, adversely impact employee retention and morale, and has required, and may continue to require, us to issue more equity to incentivize team members which is likely to dilute stockholders. The market price of our Class A common stock may fluctuate or decline significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our user growth, retention, engagement, revenue, or other operating results; 
 variations between our actual operating results and the expectations of investors and the financial community; 
 the accuracy of our financial guidance or projections; 
 any forward-looking financial or operating information we may provide, any changes in this information, or our failure to meet expectations based on this information; 
 actions of investors who initiate or maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any investors who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 
 whether our capital structure is viewed unfavorably, particularly our non-voting Class A common stock and the significant voting control of our co-founders; 
 additional shares of our common stock being sold into the market by us or our existing stockholders, or the anticipation of such sales, including if we issue shares to satisfy equity-related tax obligations; 
 stock repurchase programs undertaken by us; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant products or features, technical innovations, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments; 
 announcements by us or estimates by third parties of actual or anticipated changes in the size of our user base or the level of user engagement; 
 changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of technology companies in our industry segment, including our partners and competitors; 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market, including as a result of trends in the economy as a whole, the COVID-19 pandemic, inflationary pressures, war, armed conflict, including Russia s invasion of Ukraine, incidents of terrorism, or responses to these events; 
 lawsuits threatened or filed against us; 
 developments in new legislation and pending lawsuits, executive actions, or regulatory actions, including interim or final rulings by judicial or regulatory bodies; and 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, pandemics, or responses to these events. 
 In addition, extreme price and volume fluctuations in the stock markets have affected and continue to affect many technology companies stock prices, including ours. Often, their stock prices have fluctuated in ways unrelated or disproportionate to the companies operating performance. In the past, stockholders have filed securities class-action litigation following periods of market volatility. For example, in November 2021, we, and certain of our officers, were named as defendants in a securities class action lawsuit in federal court purportedly brought on behalf of purchasers of our Class A common stock. The lawsuit alleges that we and certain of our officers made false or misleading statements and omissions concerning the impact that Apple s ATT framework would have on our business. We believe we have meritorious defenses to this lawsuit, but an unfavorable outcome could seriously harm our business. Any litigation could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business, and seriously harm our business. 
 We may not realize the anticipated long-term stockholder value of any stock repurchase program undertaken by us and any failure to repurchase our Class A common stock after we have announced our intention to do so may negatively impact our stock price. 
 Our board of directors has in the past and may from time to time in the future authorize stock repurchase programs, pursuant to which repurchases of Class A common stock may be made either through open market transactions (including pre-set trading plans) or through other transactions in accordance with applicable securities laws. Any repurchase programs may be modified, suspended, or terminated at any time. Any failure to repurchase stock after we have announced our intention to do so may negatively impact our reputation and investor confidence in us and may negatively impact our stock price. 
 The existence of a stock repurchase program could cause our stock price to trade higher than it otherwise would be and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our stock. Although stock repurchase programs are intended to enhance long-term stockholder value, there is no assurance they will do so because the market price of our Class A common stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased shares and short-term stock price fluctuations could reduce the effectiveness of any such program. 
 Repurchasing our Class A common stock reduces the amount of cash we have available to fund working capital, capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions or business opportunities, and other general corporate purposes, and we may fail to realize the anticipated long-term stockholder value of any stock repurchase program. 
 Conversions or exchanges of the Convertible Notes may dilute the ownership interest of our stockholders or may otherwise affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 The conversion of some or all of the Convertible Notes may dilute the ownership interests of our stockholders. On conversion of the Convertible Notes, we have the option to pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of our Class A common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our Class A common stock. If we elect to settle our conversion obligation in shares of our Class A common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our Class A common stock, any sales in the public market of our Class A common stock issuable on such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the Convertible Notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the Convertible Notes could be used to satisfy short positions, or anticipated conversion of the Convertible Notes into shares of our Class A common stock, any of which could depress the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 We may also engage in exchanges, repurchase, or induce conversions, of the Convertible Notes in the future. Holders of the Convertible Notes that participate in any of these exchanges, repurchases, or induced conversions may enter into or unwind various derivatives with respect to our Class A common stock or sell shares of our Class A common stock 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 in the open market to hedge their exposure in connection with these transactions. These activities could decrease (or reduce the size of any increase in) the market price of our Class A common stock or the Convertible Notes, or dilute the ownership interests of our stockholders. In addition, the market price of our Class A common stock is likely to be affected by short sales of our Class A common stock or the entry into or unwind of economically equivalent derivative transactions with respect to our Class A common stock by investors that do not participate in the exchange transactions and by the hedging activity of the counterparties to our Capped Call Transactions or their respective affiliates. 
 We may still incur substantially more debt or take other actions that would diminish our ability to make payments on the Convertible Notes when due. Our ability to repay our debt depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive, and other factors beyond our control. 
 We and our subsidiaries may incur substantial additional debt in the future, subject to the restrictions contained in our current and future debt instruments. We are not restricted under the terms of the Indentures governing the Convertible Notes from incurring additional debt, securing existing or future debt, repurchasing our stock, making investments, paying dividends, recapitalizing our debt, or taking a number of other actions that could have the effect of diminishing our ability to make payments on the Convertible Notes when due. 
 Our ability to pay our debt when due or to refinance our indebtedness, including the Convertible Notes, depends on our financial condition at such time, the condition of capital markets, and our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive, and other factors beyond our control 
 The conditional conversion feature of the Convertible Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 The Convertible Notes are convertible at the option of the holder. In the event the conditions for optional conversion of the 2025 Notes, 2026 Notes, 2027 Notes, or 2028 Notes by holders are met before the close of business on the business day immediately preceding February 1, 2025, May 1, 2026, February 1, 2027, or December 1, 2027, respectively, holders of the applicable Convertible Notes will be entitled to convert the Convertible Notes at any time during specified periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their Convertible Notes, unless we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our Class A common stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we may settle all or a portion of our conversion obligation in cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, even if holders do not elect to convert their Convertible Notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the Convertible Notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital and may seriously harm our business. 
 We entered into certain hedging positions that may affect the value of the Convertible Notes and the volatility and value of our Class A common stock. 
 In connection with the issuance of the Convertible Notes, we entered into certain hedging positions with certain financial institutions. These hedging positions are expected generally to reduce potential dilution of our Class A common stock on any conversion of the Convertible Notes or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of such converted Convertible Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction or offset subject to a cap. 
 The counterparties to these hedging positions or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our Class A common stock or purchasing or selling our Class A common stock in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of the Convertible Notes (and are likely to do so during any observation period related to a conversion of Convertible Notes or following any repurchase of Convertible Notes by us on any fundamental change repurchase date or otherwise). This activity could cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our Class A common stock or the Convertible Notes. In addition, if any such hedging positions fail to become effective, the counterparties to these hedging positions or their respective affiliates may unwind their hedge positions, which could adversely affect the value of our Class A common stock. 
 Delaware law and provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as our Indentures, could make a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest difficult or more expensive, thereby depressing the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could depress the trading price of our Class A common stock by acting to discourage, delay, or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our management that the stockholders of our company may deem advantageous. These provisions include the following: 
 our certificate of incorporation provides for a tri-class capital structure. As a result of this structure, Mr. Spiegel and Mr. Murphy control all stockholder decisions, and Mr. Spiegel alone may exercise voting control over our outstanding capital stock. This includes the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or our assets. This concentrated control could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover, or other change-of-control transaction that other stockholders may view as beneficial. As noted above, the issuance of the Class A common stock dividend, and any future issuances of Class A common stock dividends, could have the effect of prolonging the influence of Mr. Spiegel and Mr. Murphy on the company; 
 our board of directors has the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of our board of directors or the resignation, death, or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors; 
 our certificate of incorporation prohibits cumulative voting in the election of directors. This limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect directors; and 
 our board of directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock. The ability to issue undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us. 
 Any provision of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our Class A common stock. 
 Furthermore, certain provisions in the Indentures governing the Convertible Notes may make it more difficult or expensive for a third party to acquire us. For example, the Indentures require us, at the holders election, to repurchase the Convertible Notes for cash on the occurrence of a fundamental change and, in certain circumstances, to increase the conversion rate for a holder that converts its Convertible Notes in connection with a make-whole fundamental change. A takeover of us may trigger the requirement that we repurchase the Convertible Notes or increase the conversion rate, which could make it more costly for a third party to acquire us. The Indentures also prohibit us from engaging in a merger or acquisition unless, among other things, the surviving entity assumes our obligations under the Convertible Notes and the Indentures. These and other provisions in the Indentures could deter or prevent a third party from acquiring us even when the acquisition may be favorable to holders of the Convertible Notes or our stockholders. 
 Future sales of shares by existing stockholders could cause our stock price to decline. 
 If our existing stockholders, including employees and service providers who obtain equity, sell, or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts of our Class A common stock in the public market, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding a total of 1.3 billion shares of Class A common stock, 22.5 million shares of Class B common stock, and 231.6 million shares of Class C common stock. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, 131.1 million shares of Class A common stock and 0.6 million shares of Class B common stock were subject to outstanding stock options and RSUs. As a result of our capital structure, holders who are not required to file reports under Section 16 of the Exchange Act are not obligated to disclose changes in ownership of our Class A common stock, so there can be no assurance that you, or we, will be notified of any such changes. All of our outstanding shares are eligible for sale in the public market, except approximately 368.0 million shares (including options exercisable and RSAs subject to forfeiture as of December 31, 2022) held by directors, executive officers, and other affiliates that are subject to volume limitations under Rule 144 of the Securities Act. Our employees, other service providers, and directors are subject to our quarterly trading window closures. In addition, we have reserved shares for issuance under our equity incentive plans. We may also issue shares of our Class A common stock or securities convertible into our Class A common stock from time to time in connection with a financing, acquisition, investment, or otherwise. When these shares are issued and subsequently sold, it would be dilutive to existing stockholders and the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline. 
 If securities or industry analysts either do not publish research about us, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about us, our business, or our market, or if they change their recommendations regarding our common stock adversely, the trading price or trading volume of our Class A common stock could decline. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 The trading market for our Class A common stock is influenced in part by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts may publish about us, our business, our market, or our competitors. If one or more of the analysts initiate research with an unfavorable rating or downgrade our Class A common stock, provide a more favorable recommendation about our competitors, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our Class A common stock price would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover us were to cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause the trading price or trading volume to decline. Since we provide only limited financial guidance, this may increase the probability that our financial results are perceived as not in line with analysts expectations, and could cause volatility to our Class A common stock price. 
 We do not intend to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do not expect to declare or pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. As a result, you may only receive a return on your investment in our Class A common stock if the market price of our Class A common stock increases. In addition, our Credit Facility includes restrictions on our ability to pay cash dividends. 
 If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, and the market price of our Class A common stock may be seriously harmed. 
 We are required to maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting, perform system and process evaluation and testing of those internal controls to allow management to report on their effectiveness, report any material weaknesses in such internal controls, and obtain an opinion from our independent registered public accounting firm regarding the effectiveness of such internal controls as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, all of which is time-consuming, costly, and complicated. If we are unable to comply with these requirements in a timely manner, if we assert that our internal control over financial reporting is ineffective, if we identify material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion or expresses a qualified or adverse opinion about the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our Class A common stock could be negatively affected. In addition, we could become subject to investigations by the NYSE, the SEC, and other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. 
 The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, result in more litigation, and divert management s attention. 
 We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act, the listing requirements of the NYSE, and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Complying with these rules and regulations have caused and will continue to cause us to incur additional legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, be time-consuming or costly, and continue to increase demand on our systems and resources. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and operating results, and that our independent registered public accounting firm provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Failure to comply with these rules might also make it more difficult for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer liability insurance, and we might be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for: 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 
 any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 any action asserting a claim against us arising under the Delaware General Corporation Law, our certificate of incorporation, or our bylaws; and 
 any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal-affairs doctrine. 
 This provision would not apply to actions brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all Securities Act claims, which means both courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our certificate of incorporation provides that the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. 
 These exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring an action in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring an action in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions. In such an instance, we would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of our exclusive forum provisions, which may require significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, and there can be no assurance that the provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. If a court were to find either exclusive forum provision in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur further significant additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, all of which could seriously harm our business. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in Santa Monica, California, where we occupy approximately 720,000 square feet. As of December 31, 2022, our global facilities totaled an aggregate of approximately 1.9 million square feet of leased office space. We also maintain offices in multiple locations in North America and internationally in Europe, Asia, and Australia. We may add additional offices as we expand our business to other continents and countries. We believe that our facilities are sufficient for our current needs and that, should it be needed, additional facilities will be available to accommodate the expansion of our business. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 On November 11, 2021, we, and certain of our officers, were named as defendants in a federal securities class action lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court Central District of California. The lawsuit was purportedly brought on behalf of purchasers of our Class A common stock. The lawsuit alleges that we and certain of our officers made false or misleading statements and omissions concerning the impact that Apple s App Tracking Transparency framework would have on our business. Defendants seek monetary damages and other relief. 
 On August 2, 2022, we, and certain of our directors, were named as defendants in a class action lawsuit in Delaware Chancery Court purportedly brought on behalf of Class A stockholders, alleging that a transaction between our co-founders and us, in which our co-founders agreed to employment agreements and we agreed to amend our certificate of incorporation and issue a stock dividend if certain conditions were met, was not advantageous to the stockholders, constituted a breach of fiduciary duty, and should have been put to a vote of the Class A stockholders. Defendants seek monetary damages and other relief. 
 We believe we have meritorious defenses to these lawsuits, and continue to defend the lawsuits vigorously, but litigation is inherently uncertain and an unfavorable outcome could seriously harm our business. 
 We are currently involved in, and may in the future be involved in, legal proceedings, claims, inquiries, and investigations in the ordinary course of our business, including claims for infringing intellectual property rights related to our products and the content contributed by our users and partners. Although the results of these proceedings, claims, inquiries, and investigations cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not believe that the final outcome of these matters is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Regardless of final outcomes, however, any such proceedings, claims, inquiries, and investigations may nonetheless impose a significant burden on management and employees and may come with costly defense costs or unfavorable preliminary and interim rulings. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 Our Class A common stock has been listed on the NYSE under the symbol SNAP since March 2, 2017. Our Class B common stock and Class C common stock are not listed or traded on any stock exchange. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 967 stockholders of record of our Class A common stock. Because many of our shares of Class A common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. The closing price of our Class A common stock as of December 31, 2022 was 8.95 per share as reported on the NYSE. As of December 31, 2022, there were 75 stockholders of record of our Class B common stock and two stockholders of record of our Class C common stock. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We intend to retain all available funds and future earnings, if any, to fund the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The terms of our Credit Facility also restrict our ability to pay dividends, and we may also enter into credit agreements or other borrowing arrangements in the future that will restrict our ability to declare or pay cash dividends on our capital stock. 
 We have paid a stock dividend of our Class A common stock on our capital stock in the past and from time to time in the future may pay special or regular stock dividends in the form of Class A common stock, which per the terms of our certificate of incorporation must be paid equally to all stockholders. Any future determination regarding the declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on then-existing conditions, including our financial condition, operating results, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 The following table summarizes stock repurchase activity for the three months ended December 31, 2022 (in thousands, except per share data): 
 Total Number of 
 Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Per 
 Share (2) 
 Total Number of Shares 
 Purchased as Part of 
 Publicly Announced 
 Program (1) 
 Approximate Dollar Value 
 of Shares that May Yet be 
 Repurchased Under the 
 Program (1) 
 October 1 - October 31, 2022 52,891 9.27 52,891 November 1 - November 30, 2022 1,005 10.03 1,005 December 1 - December 31, 2022 Total 53,896 9.29 53,896 
 (1) In October 2022, our board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program of up to 500.0 million of our Class A common stock. The program was completed in the fourth quarter of 2022, during which we repurchased, and subsequently retired, 53.9 million shares of our Class A common stock for an aggregate of 500.5 million, representing the entire amount approved by our board of directors and including costs associated with the repurchases. 
 (2) Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or incorporated by reference into any filing of Snap Inc. under the Securities Act. 
 The following graph shows a comparison from March 2, 2017 (the date our Class A common stock commenced trading on the NYSE) through December 31, 2022 of the cumulative total return for our Class A common stock, the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index (S P 500 Index), and the NYSE Composite. The graph assumes that 100 was invested at the market close on March 2, 2017 in our Class A common stock, the S P 500 Index, and the NYSE Composite, and data for the S P 500 Index and the NYSE Composite assumes reinvestment of any dividends. The stock price performance of the following graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 

Item 6. Reserved. 
 Not required. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs that involve significant risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to those differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly in Risk Factors, Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, and Note Regarding User Metrics and Other Data. 
 The following generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussion of historical items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this discussion can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 4, 2022. 
 
 Overview of Full Year 2022 Results 
 Our key user metrics and financial results for fiscal year 2022 are as follows: 
 User Metrics 
 Daily Active Users, or DAUs, increased 17 year-over-year to 375 million in Q4 2022. 
 Average revenue per user, or ARPU, was 3.47 in Q4 2022, compared to 4.06 in Q4 2021. 
 Financial Results 
 Revenue increased 12 year-over-year to 4.6 billion in 2022. 
 Total costs and expenses were 6.0 billion in 2022, compared to 4.8 billion in 2021. 
 Net loss was 1.4 billion in 2022, compared to 488.0 million in 2021 . 
 Diluted net loss per share was (0.89) in 2022, compared to (0.31) in 2021. 
 Adjusted EBITDA was 377.6 million in 2022, compared to 616.7 million in 2021. 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 184.6 million in 2022, compared to 292.9 million in 2021. 
 Free Cash Flow was 55.3 million in 2022 , compared to 223.0 million in 2021 . 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities were 3.9 billion as of December 31, 2022. 
 In the third quarter of 2022, we initiated a strategic reprioritization plan, which included a reduction of our global employee headcount by approximately 20 . Total restructuring charges included in our consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 188.9 million, consisting primarily of severance and related charges, stock-based compensation expense, lease exit and related charges, impairment charges, contract termination charges, and intangible asset amortization. 
 
 Business and Macroeconomic Conditions 
 In 2022 we realigned our priorities and we expect to continue to focus on our three strategic priorities: growing our community and deepening their engagement with our products, accelerating and diversifying our revenue growth, and investing in the future of augmented reality. We believe that we can be successful in our current operating environment, with various macroeconomic factors impacting our business, by rigorously prioritizing our investments and continuing to engage our community with our products while driving success for our advertising partners. However, the impact of this strategic reprioritization is difficult to predict. 
 Macroeconomic factors such as labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, inflation, changes in interest and foreign currency exchange rates, and other risks and uncertainties, including the COVID-19 pandemic and the conflict in Ukraine, continue to cause logistical challenges, increased input costs, and inventory constraints for our advertisers, which in turn may cause our advertisers to halt or decrease advertising spending on our platform. Such macroeconomic factors may also 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 negatively impact, in the short-term or long-term, the global economy, advertising ecosystem, our customers and their budgets with us, user engagement, other user metrics, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 In addition, competition for advertising dollars has increased and demand growth on our advertising platform has slowed. We expect to continue to experience increased competition, which may result in reduced advertising demand, and could adversely affect our revenue growth, pricing, business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our revenue, particularly in North America, has further been impacted by platform policy changes and restrictions that affected our targeting, measurement, and optimization capabilities, and in turn our ability to measure the effectiveness of advertisements on our services. This has resulted in, and in the future is likely to continue to result in, reduced advertising revenue, especially if we are unable to mitigate these developments. 
 We compete with other companies in every aspect of our business. We must compete effectively for users and advertisers to grow our business and increase our revenue. These and other risks and uncertainties are further described in the sections titled "Competition" in Part I, Item 1. Business, and Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Trends in User Metrics 
 We define a DAU as a registered Snapchat user who opens the Snapchat application at least once during a defined 24-hour period. We define ARPU as quarterly revenue divided by the average DAUs. We assess the health of our business by measuring DAUs and ARPU because we believe that these metrics are important ways for both management and investors to understand engagement and monitor the performance of our platform. We also measure ARPU because we believe that this metric helps our management and investors to assess the extent to which we are monetizing our service. 
 User Engagement 
 We calculate average DAUs for a particular quarter by adding the number of DAUs on each day of that quarter and dividing that sum by the number of days in that quarter. DAUs are broken out by geography because markets have different characteristics . We had 375 million DAUs on average in the fourth quarter of 2022, an increase of 56 million, or 17 , from the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Quarterly Average Daily Active Users 
 (in millions) 
 Global 
 
 YOY growth: 17 20 17 18 22 22 23 23 20 18 18 19 17 
 North America (1) 
 Europe (2) 

YOY growth: 9 10 9 7 6 5 6 7 6 5 4 4 3 12 14 12 10 10 9 10 11 11 10 10 11 12 
 (1) North America includes Mexico, the Caribbean, and Central America. 
 (2) Europe includes Russia and Turkey. 

56 

Table of Contents 

 Rest of World 
 
 YOY growth: 36 45 37 43 55 57 55 49 41 36 35 34 31 
 Monetization 
 In the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded revenue of 4.6 billion compared to revenue of 4.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 12 year-over-year. We monetize our business primarily through advertising. Our advertising products include Snap Ads and AR Ads. 
 We measure our business using ARPU because it helps us understand the rate at which we are monetizing our daily user base. ARPU was 3.47 in the fourth quarter of 2022, compared to 4.06 in the fourth quarter of 2021. For purposes of calculating ARPU, revenue by user geography is apportioned to each region based on a determination of the geographic location in which advertising impressions are delivered, as this approximates revenue based on user activity. This differs from the presentation of our revenue by geography in the notes to our consolidated financial statements, where revenue is based on the billing address of the advertising customer. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Quarterly Average Revenue per User 
 Global 
 
 North America (1) 
 Europe (2) 

(1) North America includes Mexico, the Caribbean, and Central America. 
 (2) Europe includes Russia and Turkey. Effective March 2022, we halted advertising sales to Russian and Belarusian entities. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Rest of World 

Results of Operations 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We generate substantially all of our revenue through the sale of our advertising products, which primarily include Snap Ads and AR Ads, referred to as advertising revenue. Snap Ads may be subject to revenue sharing arrangements between us and the media partner. We also generate revenue from sales of hardware products. This revenue is reported net of allowances for returns. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue consists of payments to third-party infrastructure partners for hosting our products, which include expenses related to storage, computing, and bandwidth costs, and payments for content, developer, and advertiser partner costs. In addition, cost of revenue includes third-party selling costs and personnel-related costs, including salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation expenses. Cost of revenue also includes facilities and other supporting overhead costs, including depreciation and amortization, and inventory costs. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation expense for our engineers, designers, and other employees engaged in the research and development of our products. In addition, research and development expenses include facilities and other supporting overhead costs, including depreciation and amortization. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. 
 Sales and Marketing Expenses 
 Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including salaries, benefits, commissions, and stock-based compensation expense for our employees engaged in sales and sales support, business development, media, marketing, corporate partnerships, and customer service functions. Sales and marketing expenses also include costs incurred for advertising, market research, tradeshows, branding, marketing, promotional expense, and public relations, as well as facilities and other supporting overhead costs, including depreciation and amortization. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation expense for our finance, legal, information technology, human resources, and other administrative teams. General and administrative expenses also include facilities and supporting overhead costs, including depreciation and amortization, and external professional services. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Income 
 Interest income consists primarily of interest earned on our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists primarily of interest expense associated with convertible notes and commitment fees related to our revolving credit facility. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net primarily consists of gains and losses on strategic investments, marketable securities, and foreign currency transactions. 
 Income Tax Benefit (Expense) 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. These foreign jurisdictions have different statutory tax rates than the United States. Additionally, certain of our foreign earnings may also be taxable in the United States. Accordingly, our effective tax rates will vary depending on the relative proportion of foreign to domestic income, use of tax credits, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, and changes in tax laws. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss), excluding interest income; interest expense; other income (expense), net; income tax benefit (expense); depreciation and amortization; stock-based compensation expense; payroll and other tax expense related to stock-based compensation; and certain other non-cash or non-recurring items impacting net income (loss) from time to time. We consider the exclusion of certain non-cash and non-recurring expenses in calculating Adjusted EBITDA to provide a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our business and for investors and others to evaluate our operating results in the same manner as does our management. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for additional information and a reconciliation of net loss to Adjusted EBITDA. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Discussion of Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth our consolidated statements of operations data: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Consolidated Statements of Operations Data: Revenue 4,601,847 4,117,048 2,506,626 Costs and expenses (1) (2) : 
 Cost of revenue 1,815,342 1,750,246 1,182,505 Research and development 2,109,800 1,565,467 1,101,561 Sales and marketing 1,118,746 792,764 555,468 General and administrative 953,265 710,640 529,164 Total costs and expenses 5,997,153 4,819,117 3,368,698 Operating loss (1,395,306) (702,069) (862,072) Interest income 58,597 5,199 18,127 Interest expense (21,459) (17,676) (97,228) Other income (expense), net (42,529) 240,175 14,988 Loss before income taxes (1,400,697) (474,371) (926,185) Income tax benefit (expense) (28,956) (13,584) (18,654) Net loss (1,429,653) (487,955) (944,839) Adjusted EBITDA (3) 
 377,573 616,686 45,163 
 (1) Stock-based compensation expense included in the above line items: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Stock-based compensation expense: Cost of revenue 12,288 17,221 9,367 Research and development 970,746 740,130 533,272 Sales and marketing 203,092 164,241 108,270 General and administrative 201,661 170,543 119,273 Total 1,387,787 1,092,135 770,182 
 (2) Depreciation and amortization expense included in the above line items: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Depreciation and amortization expense: Cost of revenue 24,235 19,711 22,205 Research and development 98,041 62,159 37,627 Sales and marketing 67,169 21,772 12,916 General and administrative 12,728 15,499 13,996 Total 202,173 119,141 86,744 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 (3) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information and for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net loss, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 The following table sets forth the components of our consolidated statements of operations data for each of the periods presented as a percentage of revenue: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Consolidated Statements of Operations Data: Revenue 100 100 100 Costs and expenses: Cost of revenue 39 43 47 Research and development 46 38 44 Sales and marketing 24 19 22 General and administrative 21 17 21 Total costs and expenses 130 117 134 Operating loss (30) (17) (34) Interest income 1 1 Interest expense (4) Other income (expense), net (1) 6 1 Loss before income taxes (30) (12) (37) Income tax benefit (expense) (1) (1) Net loss (31) (12) (38) 
 Revenue 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 
 Change 
 2021 vs 2020 
 Change 
 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Revenue 4,601,847 4,117,048 2,506,626 484,799 12 1,610,422 64 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 484.8 million compared to the same period in 2021. Revenue increased due to a combination of growth in advertisers and auction-based advertising demand and optimization efficiencies. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 Change 2021 vs 2020 Change 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Cost of Revenue 1,815,342 1,750,246 1,182,505 65,096 4 567,741 48 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 Cost of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 65.1 million compared to the same period in 2021. The increase in cost of revenue was primarily driven by the growth in revenue share due to the overall increase in revenue and higher mix of revenue subject to revenue share, increased infrastructure costs attributable to DAU growth, and 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 20.6 million relating to restructuring charges. The increase was offset by infrastructure cost efficiencies and lower content costs. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 Change 2021 vs 2020 Change 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Research and Development Expenses 2,109,800 1,565,467 1,101,561 544,333 35 463,906 42 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 Research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 544.3 million compared to the same period in 2021. The increase was primarily driven by higher personnel expenses, including increased cash- and stock-based compensation expenses, and 78.9 million relating to restructuring charges. 
 Sales and Marketing Expenses 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 Change 2021 vs 2020 Change 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Sales and Marketing Expenses 1,118,746 792,764 555,468 325,982 41 237,296 43 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 Sales and marketing expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 326.0 million compared to the same period in 2021. The increase was primarily driven by higher personnel expenses, including increased cash- and stock-based compensation expense, marketing investments, and 30.8 million relating to restructuring charges . The increase was also due to higher amortization expense, which resulted from our revision of the useful lives of certain customer relationships and trademarks . 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 Change 2021 vs 2020 Change 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) General and Administrative Expenses 953,265 710,640 529,164 242,625 34 181,476 34 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 General and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 242.6 million compared to the same period in 2021. The increase was primarily driven by higher personnel expenses, higher other administrative expenses, and 58.7 million relating to restructuring charges. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Income 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 Change 2021 vs 2020 Change 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) (NM = Not Meaningful) Interest Income 58,597 5,199 18,127 53,398 NM (12,928) (71) 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 Interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 53.4 million compared to the same period in 2021. The increase was primarily a result of higher interest rates on U.S. government-backed securities and a higher overall invested cash balance. 
 Interest Expense 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 Change 2021 vs 2020 Change 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Interest Expense (21,459) (17,676) (97,228) (3,783) 21 79,552 (82) 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 3.8 million, compared to the same period in 2021 primarily due to increases in amortization of debt issuance costs. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 Change 2021 vs 2020 Change 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Other Income (Expense), Net (42,529) 240,175 14,988 (282,704) (118) 225,187 1,502 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 Other expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 42.5 million, compared to other income, net of 240.2 million for the same period in 2021, an increase in other expense, net of 282.7 million. Other expense, net for the current year was primarily a result of 101.3 million total losses on publicly traded securities primarily classified as marketable securities, offset by 19.9 million unrealized gains and 45.9 million realized gains on strategic investments. Other income, net in the comparable period in 2021 was primarily a result of 207.7 million of unrealized gains and 27.8 million of realized gains on strategic investments, an d 59.4 million of unrealized gains on publicly traded securities reclassified from strategic investments to marketable securities in the fourth quarter, partially offset by an induced conversion expense related to the Convertible Notes of 41.5 million. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Income Tax Benefit (Expense) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 Change 2021 vs 2020 Change 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Income Tax Benefit (Expense) (28,956) (13,584) (18,654) (15,372) 113 5,070 (27) Effective Tax Rate (2.1) (2.9) (2.0) 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 Income tax expense was 29.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 , compared to 13.6 million for the same period in 2021 . The increase was primarily attributable to the partial valuation allowance releases on our deferred tax assets in the prior period due to deferred tax liabilities acquired in business acquisitions, as well as the capitalization of research and development expenditures under Section 174 of the Internal Revenue Code. Beginning in 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act eliminates the option to currently deduct research and development expenditures in the period incurred and requires taxpayers to capitalize and amortize such expenditures over five or fifteen years, as applicable, pursuant to Section 174 of the Internal Revenue Code. Although this tax law change did not result in any U.S. federal tax liability due to the use of existing U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards, it did result in incremental state tax liability and expense due to limitations on the use of existing state net operating loss carryforwards. 
 Our effective tax rate differs from the U.S. statutory tax rate primarily due to valuation allowances on our deferred tax assets as it is more likely than not that some or all of our deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 For additional discussion, see Note 12 to our consolidated financial statements included in Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Net Loss and Adjusted EBITDA 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 Change 2021 vs 2020 Change 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Net Loss (1,429,653) (487,955) (944,839) (941,698) (193) 456,884 (48) Adjusted EBITDA 377,573 616,686 45,163 (239,113) (39) 571,523 1,265 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,429.7 million, compared to 488.0 million for the same period in 2021. Adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 377.6 million, compared to 616.7 million for the same period in 2021. The decrease in Adjusted EBITDA was attributable to increased cost of revenue and overall operating expenses, partially offset by increased revenues. 
 For a discussion of the limitations associated with using Adjusted EBITDA rather than GAAP measures and a reconciliation of this measure to net loss, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities were 3.9 billion as of December 31, 2022, primarily consisting of cash on deposit with banks and highly liquid investments in U.S. government and agency securities, publicly traded equity securities, corporate debt securities, certificates of deposit, and commercial paper. Our primary source of liquidity is cash generated through financing activities. Our primary uses of cash include operating costs such as personnel-related costs and the infrastructure costs of the Snapchat application, facility-related capital spending, and acquisitions and investments. There are no known material subsequent events that could have a material impact on our cash or liquidity. We may contemplate and engage in merger and acquisition activity that could materially impact our liquidity and capital resource position. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 In October 2022, our board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program of up to 500.0 million of our Class A common stock. The program was completed in the fourth quarter of 2022, during which we repurchased, and subsequently retired, 53.9 million shares of our Class A common stock for an aggregate of 500.5 million, representing the entire amount approved by our board of directors and including costs associated with the repurchases. 
 In July 2022, our board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program of up to 500.0 million of our Class A common stock. The program was completed in the third quarter of 2022, during which we repurchased 51.3 million shares of our Class A common stock for an aggregate of 500.5 million, representing the entire amount approved by our board of directors and including costs associated with the repurchases. 
 In May 2022, we entered into a five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility, or Credit Facility, with certain lenders that allows us to borrow up to 1.05 billion to fund working capital and general corporate-purpose expenditures. The prior revolving credit facility entered into in July 2016 (as amended) was terminated concurrently with the entry into the Credit Facility. The prior credit facility was never drawn upon and, as of December 31, 2021, there were no amounts outstanding on the prior credit facility. On the Credit Facility, loans bear interest, at our option, at a rate equal to (i) a term secured overnight financing rate, or SOFR, plus 0.75 or the base rate, if selected by us, for loans made in U.S. dollars, (ii) the Sterling overnight index average plus 0.7826 for loans made in Sterling, and (iii) foreign indices as stated in the credit agreement plus 0.75 for loans made in other permitted foreign currencies. The base rate is defined as the greatest of (i) the Wall Street Journal prime rate, (ii) the greater of the (a) federal funds rate and (b) the overnight bank funding rate, plus 0.50 , and (iii) the applicable SOFR for a period of one month (but not less than zero) plus 1.00. The Credit Facility also contains an annual commitment fee of 0.10 on the daily undrawn balance of the facility. As of December 31, 2022, we had 40.1 million in the form of outstanding standby letters of credit, with no amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility. 
 In February 2022, we entered into a purchase agreement for the sale of an aggregate of 1.5 billion principal amount of convertible senior notes due in 2028, the full amount of which is outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The net proceeds from the issuance of the 2028 Notes were 1.31 billion, net of debt issuance costs and the 2028 Capped Call Transactions discussed further in Note 7. The 2028 Notes mature on March 1, 2028 unless repurchased, redeemed, or converted in accordance with their terms prior to such date. The sale price requirement for conversion was not satisfied as of December 31, 2022 and as a result, the 2028 Notes will not be eligible for optional conversion during the first quarter of 2023. 
 In April 2021, we entered into a purchase agreement for the sale of an aggregate of 1.15 billion principal amount of convertible senior notes due in 2027, the full amount of which is outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The net proceeds from the issuance of the 2027 Notes were 1.05 billion, net of debt issuance costs and the 2027 Capped Call Transactions discussed further in Note 7. The 2027 Notes mature on May 1, 2027 unless repurchased, redeemed, or converted in accordance with their terms prior to such date. The sale price requirement for conversion was not satisfied as of December 31, 2022 and as a result, the 2027 Notes will not be eligible for optional conversion during the first quarter of 2023. 
 In April 2020, we entered into a purchase agreement for the sale of an aggregate of 1.0 billion principal amount of convertible senior notes due in 2025, of which 284.1 million remains outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The net proceeds from the issuance of the 2025 Notes were 888.6 million, net of debt issuance costs and the 2025 Capped Call Transactions discussed further in Note 7. The 2025 Notes mature on May 1, 2025 unless repurchased, redeemed, or converted in accordance with their terms prior to such date. The sale price requirement for conversion was not satisfied as of December 31, 2022 and as a result, the 2025 Notes will not be eligible for optional conversion during the first quarter of 2023. 
 In August 2019, we entered into a purchase agreement for the sale of an aggregate of 1.265 billion principal amount of convertible senior notes due in 2026, of which 838.5 million remains outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The net proceeds from the issuance of the 2026 Notes were 1.15 billion, net of debt issuance costs and the 2026 Capped Call Transactions discussed further in Note 7. The 2026 Notes mature on August 1, 2026 unless repurchased, redeemed, or converted in accordance with their terms prior to such date. The sale price requirement for conversion was not satisfied as of December 31, 2022 and as a result, the 2026 Notes will not be eligible for optional conversion during the first quarter of 2023. 
 We believe our existing cash balance is sufficient to fund our ongoing working capital, investing, and financing requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, headcount, sales and marketing activities, research and development efforts, the introduction of new features, 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 products, and acquisitions, and continued user engagement. We continually evaluate opportunities to issue or repurchase equity or debt securities, obtain, retire, or restructure credit facilities or financing arrangements, or declare dividends for strategic reasons or to further strengthen our financial position. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 6 of our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities was held outside the United States. These amounts were primarily held in the United Kingdom and are utilized to fund our foreign operations. Cash held outside the United States may be repatriated, subject to certain limitations, and would be available to be used to fund our domestic operations. However, repatriation of funds may result in additional tax liabilities. We believe our existing cash balance in the United States is sufficient to fund our working capital needs. 
 The following table sets forth the major components of our consolidated statements of cash flows for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 184,614 292,880 (167,644) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (1,062,275) 90,227 (729,864) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 306,714 1,065,073 922,791 Change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (570,947) 1,448,180 25,283 Free Cash Flow (1) 
 55,308 223,005 (225,476) 
 (1) For information on how we define and calculate Free Cash Flow and a reconciliation to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities to Free Cash Flow, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 
 Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Operating Activities 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 184.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net cash provided by operating activities of 292.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, resulting primarily from our net loss, adjusted for non-cash items, including stock-based compensation expense of 1.4 billion, depreciation and amortization expense of 202.2 million, and losses on debt and equity securities, net of 36.8 million. Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was also impacted by an increase in the accounts receivable balance of 119.8 million due to the timing of collections. 
 Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Investing Activities 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 1.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net cash provided by investing activities of 90.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our investing activities in the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of purchases of marketable securities of 3.5 billion, partially offset by maturities of marketable securities of 2.5 billion. Our investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of cash provided by the sales and maturities of marketable securities of 2.9 billion, partially offset by the purchase of marketable securities of 2.4 billion and cash paid for acquisitions of 310.9 million. 
 Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Financing Activities 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 306.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 1.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted primarily of net proceeds of 1.5 billion from the issuance of the 2028 Notes, offset by the purchase of the 2028 Capped Call Transactions of 177.0 million and repurchases of our Class A common stock for an aggregate of 1.0 billion, representing the entire amount approved by our board of directors and including costs associated with the repurchases. Our financing activities for the year ended December 31, 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 2021 consisted primarily of net proceeds of 1.1 billion from the issuance of the 2027 Notes, offset by the purchase of the 2027 Capped Call Transactions of 86.8 million. Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities in all periods presented includes proceeds from the exercise of stock options. 
 Free Cash Flow 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 Free Cash Flow was 55.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and was composed of net cash provided by operating activities, resulting primarily from net loss, adjusted for non-cash items and changes in working capital. Free Cash Flow also included purchases of property and equipment of 129.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Free Cash Flow was 223.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and was composed of net cash provided by operating activities, resulting primarily from net loss, adjusted for non-cash items and changes in working capital. Free Cash Flow also included purchases of property and equipment of 69.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 To supplement our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP, we use certain non-GAAP financial measures, as described below, to understand and evaluate our core operating performance. These non-GAAP financial measures, which may be different than similarly titled measures used by other companies, are presented to enhance investors overall understanding of our financial performance and should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 We use the non-GAAP financial measure of Free Cash Flow, which is defined as net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, reduced by purchases of property and equipment. We believe Free Cash Flow is an important liquidity measure of the cash that is available, after capital expenditures, for operational expenses and investment in our business and is a key financial indicator used by management. Additionally, we believe that Free Cash Flow is an important measure since we use third-party infrastructure partners to host our services and therefore we do not incur significant capital expenditures to support revenue generating activities. Free Cash Flow is useful to investors as a liquidity measure because it measures our ability to generate or use cash. Once our business needs and obligations are met, cash can be used to maintain a strong balance sheet and invest in future growth. 
 We use the non-GAAP financial measure of Adjusted EBITDA, which is defined as net income (loss); excluding interest income; interest expense; other income (expense), net; income tax benefit (expense); depreciation and amortization; stock-based compensation expense; payroll and other tax expense related to stock-based compensation; and certain other non-cash or non-recurring items impacting net income (loss) from time to time. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA helps identify underlying trends in our business that could otherwise be masked by the effect of the expenses that we exclude in Adjusted EBITDA. 
 We believe that both Free Cash Flow and Adjusted EBITDA provide useful information about our financial performance, enhance the overall understanding of our past performance and future prospects, and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by our management for financial and operational decision-making. We are presenting the non-GAAP measures of Free Cash Flow and Adjusted EBITDA to assist investors in seeing our financial performance through the eyes of management, and because we believe that these measures provide an additional tool for investors to use in comparing our core financial performance over multiple periods with other companies in our industry. 
 These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as substitutes for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. There are a number of limitations related to the use of these non-GAAP financial measures compared to the closest comparable GAAP measure. Some of these limitations are that: 
 Free Cash Flow does not reflect our future contractual commitments. 
 Adjusted EBITDA excludes certain recurring, non-cash charges such as depreciation of fixed assets and amortization of acquired intangible assets and, although these are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future; 
 Adjusted EBITDA excludes stock-based compensation expense and payroll and other tax expense related to stock-based compensation, which have been, and will continue to be for the foreseeable future, significant recurring expenses in our business and an important part of our compensation strategy; and 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted EBITDA excludes income tax benefit (expense). 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of Free Cash Flow to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, the most comparable GAAP financial measure, for each of the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Free Cash Flow reconciliation: Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 184,614 292,880 (167,644) Less: Purchases of property and equipment (129,306) (69,875) (57,832) Free Cash Flow 55,308 223,005 (225,476) 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net loss, the most comparable GAAP financial measure, for each of the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Adjusted EBITDA reconciliation: Net loss (1,429,653) (487,955) (944,839) Add (deduct): Interest income (58,597) (5,199) (18,127) Interest expense 21,459 17,676 97,228 Other (income) expense, net 42,529 (240,175) (14,988) Income tax (benefit) expense 28,956 13,584 18,654 Depreciation and amortization 186,434 119,141 86,744 Stock-based compensation expense 1,353,283 1,092,135 770,182 Payroll and other tax expense related to stock-based compensation 44,213 107,479 50,309 Restructuring charges (1) 
 188,949 Adjusted EBITDA 377,573 616,686 45,163 
 (1) Restructuring charges in 2022 were composed primarily of severance and related charges of 97.1 million, stock-based compensation expense, lease exit and related charges, impairment charges, contract termination charges, and intangible asset amortization. These charges are non-recurring and not reflective of underlying trends in our business. See Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements included in the "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 

Contingencies 
 We are involved in claims, lawsuits, tax matters, government investigations, and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. We record a provision for a liability when we believe that it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. We also disclose material contingencies when we believe that a loss is not probable but reasonably possible. Significant judgment is required to determine both probability and the estimated amount. Such claims, suits, and proceedings are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. Many of these legal and tax contingencies can take years to resolve. Should any of these estimates and assumptions change or prove to be incorrect, it could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Commitments 
 We have non-cancelable contractual agreements primarily related to the hosting of our data processing, storage, and other computing services, as well as lease, content and developer partner, and other commitments. We had 3.7 billion in commitments, as of December 31, 2022, primarily due within 3 years. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 We prepare our financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Preparing these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses, and related disclosures. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results could differ from these estimates. 
 The critical accounting estimates, assumptions, and judgments that we believe to have the most significant impact on our consolidated financial statements are described below. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those goods or services. We determine collectability by performing ongoing credit evaluations and monitoring customer accounts receivable balances. Sales tax, including value added tax, is excluded from reported revenue. 
 We determine revenue recognition by first identifying the contract or contracts with a customer, identifying the performance obligations in the contract, determining the transaction price, allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and recognizing revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation. 
 We generate substantially all of our revenues by offering various advertising products on Snapchat, which include Snap Ads and AR Ads, referred to as advertising revenue. AR Ads include Sponsored Lenses, which allow users to interact with an advertiser s brand by enabling branded augmented reality experiences, and Sponsored Filters, which allow users to interact with an advertiser s brand by enabling stylized brand artwork to be overlaid on a Snap. 
 The substantial majority of advertising revenue is generated from the display of advertisements on Snapchat through contractual agreements that are either on a fixed fee basis over a period of time or based on the number of advertising impressions delivered. Revenue related to agreements based on the number of impressions delivered is recognized when the advertisement is served. Revenue related to fixed fee arrangements is recognized ratably over the service period, typically less than 30 days in duration, and such arrangements do not contain minimum impression guarantees. 
 In arrangements where another party is involved in providing specified services to a customer, we evaluate whether we are the principal or agent. In this evaluation, we consider if we obtain control of the specified goods or services before they are transferred to the customer, as well as other indicators such as the party primarily responsible for fulfillment, inventory risk, and discretion in establishing price. For advertising revenue arrangements where we are not the principal, we recognize revenue on a net basis. For the periods presented, revenue for arrangements where we are the agent was not material. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 In the year ended December 31, 2022, total stock-based compensation expense recognized was 1.4 billion. We have granted stock-based awards consisting primarily of restricted stock units, or RSUs, restricted stock awards, or RSAs, and to a lesser extent, stock options to employees, members of our board of directors, and non-employee advisors. The substantial majority of our stock-based awards have been made to employees. RSUs vest and RSAs lapse to a forfeiture condition on the satisfaction of service conditions. The service condition for RSUs granted prior to February 2018 is generally satisfied over four years, 10 after the first year of service, 20 over the second year, 30 over the third year, and 40 over the fourth year. The service condition for RSUs and RSAs granted after February 2018 is generally satisfied in equal monthly or quarterly installments over three or four years. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 We account for stock-based employee compensation under the fair value recognition and measurement provisions, in accordance with applicable accounting standards, which requires stock-based awards to be measured based on the grant date fair value. Stock-based compensation expense is recorded net of estimated forfeitures in our consolidated statements of operations. Accordingly, stock-based compensation expense is only recorded for those potential stock-based awards that we expect to vest. We estimate the forfeiture rate using historical forfeitures of equity awards and other expected changes in facts and circumstances, if any. We will re-evaluate our estimated forfeiture rate if actual forfeitures differ from our initial estimates. A modification of the terms of a stock-based award is treated as an exchange of the original award for a new award with total compensation cost equal to the grant-date fair value of the original award plus the incremental value of the modification to the award. 
 Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Stock Awards 
 As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding RSUs and RSAs was 2.0 billion and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.8 years. 
 Business Combinations and Valuation of Goodwill and Other Acquired Intangible Assets 
 We estimate the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. Goodwill as of the acquisition date is measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. While we use our best estimates and assumptions to accurately value assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. 
 Significant estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows from acquired technology, useful lives, and discount rates. Although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made in the past have been reasonable and appropriate, they are based in part on historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. During the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. On the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our consolidated statements of operations. 
 Loss Contingencies 
 We are involved in claims, lawsuits, tax matters, government investigations, and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. We record a provision for a liability when we believe that it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. When there appears to be a range of possible costs with equal likelihood, a liability is recorded based on the low-end of such range. However, the likelihood of a loss is often difficult to predict and determining a meaningful estimate of the loss or a range of loss may not be practicable based on the information available, the potential effect of future events, and decisions by third parties impacting the ultimate resolution of the contingency. It is also not uncommon for such matters to be resolved over multiple reporting periods. During this time, relevant developments and new information must be continuously evaluated to determine both the likelihood of potential loss and whether it is possible to reasonably estimate a range of potential loss. We also disclose material contingencies when we believe that a loss is reasonably possible. 
 Significant judgment is required to determine both probability and the estimated amounts of loss contingencies. Such claims, suits, and proceedings are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. Should any of these estimates and assumptions change, it could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 
 Income Taxes 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our uncertain tax positions. 
 We recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if we believe that it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. Although we believe that we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, we can provide no assurance that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be materially different. We make adjustments to these reserves when facts and 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 circumstances change, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences may affect the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made and could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included in Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily include interest rate risk and foreign currency risk as follows: 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We had cash and cash equivalents totaling 1.4 billion and 2.0 billion at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. We had marketable securities totaling 2.5 billion and 1.7 billion at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Our cash and cash equivalents consist of cash in bank accounts and marketable securities consisting of U.S. government debt and agency securities, publicly traded equity securities, corporate debt securities, certificates of deposit, and commercial paper. The primary objectives of our investment activities are to preserve principal and provide liquidity without significantly increasing risk. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Due to the relatively short-term nature of our investment portfolio, a hypothetical 100 basis point change in interest rates would not have a material effect on the fair value of our portfolio for the periods presented. 
 In February 2022, we issued the 2028 Notes with an aggregate principal amount of 1.5 billion, the full amount of which is outstanding as of December 31, 2022. We carry the 2028 Notes at face value less the unamortized debt issuance costs on our consolidated balance sheets. The 2028 Notes have a fixed interest rate; therefore, we have no financial statement risk associated with changes in interest rates with respect to the 2028 Notes. The fair value of the 2028 Notes changes when the market price of our stock fluctuates or market interest rates change. 
 In April 2021, we issued the 2027 Notes with an aggregate principal amount of 1.15 billion, the full amount of which is outstanding as of December 31, 2022. We carry the 2027 Notes at face value less the unamortized debt issuance costs on our consolidated balance sheets. The 2027 Notes do not bear regular interest; therefore, we have no financial statement risk associated with changes in interest rates with respect to the 2027 Notes. The fair value of the 2027 Notes changes when the market price of our stock fluctuates or market interest rates change. 
 In April 2020, we issued the 2025 Notes with an aggregate principal amount of 1.0 billion, of which 284.1 million remains outstanding as of December 31, 2022. We carry the 2025 Notes at face value less the unamortized debt issuance costs on our consolidated balance sheets. The 2025 Notes have a fixed interest rate; therefore, we have no financial statement risk associated with changes in interest rates with respect to the 2025 Notes. The fair value of the 2025 Notes changes when the market price of our stock fluctuates or market interest rates change. 
 In August 2019, we issued the 2026 Notes with an aggregate principal amount of 1.265 billion, of which 838.5 million remains outstanding as of December 31, 2022. We carry the 2026 Notes at face value less the unamortized debt issuance costs on our consolidated balance sheets. The 2026 Notes have a fixed interest rate; therefore, we have no financial statement risk associated with changes in interest rates with respect to the 2026 Notes. The fair value of the 2026 Notes changes when the market price of our stock fluctuates or market interest rates change. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 For all periods presented, our revenue and operating expenses were predominately denominated in U.S. dollars. We therefore have not had material foreign currency risk associated with revenue and cost-based activities. However, due to fluctuations in exchange rates resulting from the current macroeconomic environment, and in particular, a strengthening of the U.S. dollar in relation to the Euro and British Pound, we have, and may in the future experience negative impacts to 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 our revenue and operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The functional currency of our material operating entities is the U.S. dollar. 
 For all periods presented, we believe the exposure to foreign currency fluctuation from operating expenses is immaterial as the related costs do not constitute a significant portion of our total expenses. As we grow operations, our exposure to foreign currency risk will likely become more significant. 
 For all periods presented, we did not enter into any foreign currency exchange contracts. We may, however, enter into foreign currency exchange contracts for purposes of hedging foreign exchange rate fluctuations on our business operations in future operating periods as our exposures are deemed to be material. For additional discussion on foreign currency risk, see Risk Factors elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 SNAP INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 75 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 78 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 79 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 80 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 81 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 82 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 83 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Snap Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Snap Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated January 31, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue Recognition Description of the Matter As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company generates substantially all of its revenues by offering various advertising products on Snapchat. The substantial majority of such advertising revenues is generated based upon contractual agreements with customers that are on a fixed fee basis for advertisements delivered over a period of time, or fees based on the number of advertising impressions delivered. Revenues related to fixed fee agreements are recognized ratably over the service period while revenues related to agreements based on the number of advertising impressions delivered are recognized when the advertisements are served. 
 The Company s revenue recognition process utilizes multiple complex, proprietary systems and tools for the initiation, processing and recording of transactions which comprise a high volume of individually low monetary value transactions. This process is dependent on the effective design and operation of multiple systems, sub-processes, data sources and controls which required significant audit effort. Also, the identification and evaluation of certain non-standard terms and conditions, which may arise through side agreements, required incremental audit effort to determine the distinct performance obligations and the timing of revenue recognition. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit With the support of our information technology professionals, we identified and tested the relevant systems and tools used for the determination of initiation, processing, recording and billing of revenue, which included processes and controls related to access to the relevant systems and data, changes to the relevant systems and interfaces, and configuration of the relevant systems. We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the Company's internal controls over the identification and evaluation of revenue recognition for standard and non-standard terms and conditions. 
 To test the Company s recognition of revenue, our audit procedures included, among others, testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data within the Company s billing systems by agreeing amounts recognized to contractual terms and conditions, and testing revenue recognized to accounts receivable and cash receipts. Additionally, we examined standard customer online terms and conditions to understand the distinct performance obligations and tested the timing of revenue recognition. Further, we selected a sample of non-standard contractual arrangements to understand the performance obligations and the timing of revenue recognition. To assess completeness of non-standard terms and conditions, we obtained external confirmations of terms and conditions for a sample of customers. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2016. 
 Los Angeles, California 
 January 31, 2023 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Snap Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Snap Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Snap Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated January 31, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Los Angeles, California 
 January 31, 2023 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Snap Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs Losses (gains) on debt and equity securities, net ) ) Induced conversion expense related to convertible notes Other Change in operating assets and liabilities, net of effect of acquisitions: Accounts receivable, net of allowance ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Other liabilities Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Purchases of strategic investments ) ) ) Sales of strategic investments Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Purchases of marketable securities ) ) ) Sales of marketable securities Maturities of marketable securities Other ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes, net of issuance costs Purchase of capped calls ) ) ) Proceeds from the exercise of stock options Payments of debt issuance costs ) Repurchases of Class A non-voting common stock ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental disclosures Cash paid for income taxes, net Cash paid for interest 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Snap Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Costs and expenses: Cost of revenue Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total costs and expenses Operating loss ) ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Net loss per share attributable to Class A, Class B, and Class C common stockholders (Note 3): Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) Weighted average shares used in computation of net loss per share: Basic Diluted 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Snap Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities, net of tax ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Snap Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except par value) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Accounts receivable, net of allowance Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Operating lease liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Convertible senior notes, net Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) Stockholders equity Class A non-voting common stock, par value. shares authorized, shares issued, shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021. 
 Class B voting common stock, par value. shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021. 
 Class C voting common stock, par value. shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021. 
 Treasury stock, at cost. shares of Class A non-voting common stock at December 31, 2022. 
 ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Snap Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Class A non-voting common stock Balance, beginning of period Shares issued in connection with exercise of stock options under stock-based compensation plans Issuance of Class A non-voting common stock in connection with acquisitions Issuance of Class A non-voting common stock for vesting of restricted stock units and restricted stock awards, net Issuance of Class A non-voting common stock for the induced conversion related to convertible senior notes Conversion of Class B voting common stock to Class A non-voting common stock Repurchases of Class A non-voting common stock ) ) Balance, end of period Class B voting common stock Balance, beginning of period Shares issued in connection with exercise of stock options under stock-based compensation plans Conversion of Class B voting common stock to Class A non-voting common stock ) ) ) Conversion of Class C voting common stock to Class B voting common stock Balance, end of period Class C voting common stock Balance, beginning of period Conversion of Class C voting common stock to Class B voting common stock ) Issuance of Class C voting common stock for settlement of restricted stock units, net Balance, end of period Treasury stock Balance, beginning of period Repurchases of Class A non-voting common stock ) Retirement of Class A non-voting common stock ) Balance, end of period ) Additional paid-in capital Balance, beginning of period Stock-based compensation expense Shares issued in connection with exercise of stock options under stock-based compensation plans Cumulative-effect adjustment from accounting changes ) Issuance of Class A non-voting common stock in connection with acquisitions and divestitures Equity component of convertible senior notes, net Issuance of Class A non-voting common stock for the induced conversion related to convertible senior notes Purchase of capped calls ) ) ) Balance, end of period Accumulated deficit Balance, beginning of period ) ) ) Cumulative-effect adjustment from accounting changes ) Net loss ) ) ) Retirement of Class A non-voting common stock ) Balance, end of period ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Balance, beginning of period Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Balance, end of period ) Total stockholders equity 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Snap Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. 

83 

Table of Contents 

 million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 In addition, cost of revenue consists of payments to third-party infrastructure partners for hosting our products, which include expenses related to storage, computing, and bandwidth costs. Cost of revenue also includes third-party selling costs, personnel-related costs, facilities and other supporting overhead costs, including depreciation and amortization, and inventory costs. 
 million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 vote per share, and Class C common stockholders are entitled to votes per share. Shares of our Class B common stock are convertible into an equivalent number of shares of our Class A common stock and generally convert into shares of our Class A common stock upon transfer. Shares of our Class C common stock are convertible into an equivalent number of shares of our Class B common stock and generally convert into shares of our Class B common stock upon transfer. 
 share of Class A common stock on each outstanding share of our common stock at a future date (the Future Stock Split ). In connection with the Future Stock Split, we entered into certain agreements (the Co-Founder Agreements with Evan Spiegel and Robert Murphy, our co-founders, and certain of their respective affiliates requiring them, among other things, to convert shares of Class B common stock and Class C common stock into Class A common stock under certain circumstances. 
 The Future Stock Split will be not be declared and paid until the later of (i) June 30, 2023 and (ii) the first business day following the date on which the average of the volume weighted average price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share for consecutive trading days. If this does not occur by July 21, 2032, the Future Stock Split will not be declared and paid, and the Co-Founder Agreements will terminate. No adjustments have been made to share or per share amounts for Class A common stock in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for the effects of the Future Stock Split as these triggering conditions have not been met. 
 , after the first year of service, over the second year, 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 over the fourth year. In limited instances, we have issued RSUs with vesting periods in excess of four years. The service condition for RSUs and RSAs granted after February 2018 is generally satisfied in equal monthly or quarterly installments over three or . For these awards, we recognize stock-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service p eriod. 
 Stock-based compensation expense recognized for all periods presented is based on awards that are expected to vest, including an estimate of forfeitures. We estimate the forfeiture rate using historical forfeitures of equity awards and other expected changes in facts and circumstances, if any. A modification of the terms of a stock-based award is treated as an exchange of the original award for a new award with total compensation cost equal to the grant-date fair value of the original award plus the incremental value of the modification to the award. 
 The future tax benefits on settlement of the above RSUs and RSAs is not expected to be material as currently we have established valuation allowances to reduce our net deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. The majority of the future tax benefits that arise on settlement of the above RSUs are in jurisdictions for which our net deferred tax assets have a full valuation allowance. 
 likelihood of being realized. We recognize interest and penalties associated with tax matters as part of the income tax provision and include accrued interest and penalties with the related income tax liability on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 days or less from the date of purchase. 

85 

Table of Contents 

 record any credit losses on our available-for-sale debt securities in any of the periods presented. We determine gains or losses on the sale or maturities of marketable securities using the specific identification method and these gains or losses are recorded in other income (expense), net in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 Publicly traded equity securities are carried at fair value with any unrealized gains and losses recorded in other income (expense), net in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 for computer hardware, software, and equipment, for furniture, and over the shorter of lease term or useful life of the assets for leasehold improvements. Buildings are generally depreciated over a useful life ranging from to years. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

from the date of acquisition, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with a corresponding offset to goodwill. At the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 When we issue payments or grants of equity to selling stockholders in connection with an acquisition, we evaluate whether the payments or awards are compensatory. This evaluation includes whether cash payments or stock award vesting is contingent on the continued employment of the selling stockholder beyond the acquisition date. If continued employment is required for the cash to be paid or stock awards to vest, the award is treated as compensation for post-acquisition services and is recognized as compensation expense. 
 Transaction costs associated with business combinations are expensed as incurred, and are included in general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 impairment charges in any of the periods presented. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

Years 
 Trademarks Years 
 Acquired developed technology to Years 
 Customer relationships to Years 
 Patents to Years 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 million, a decrease to additional paid-in capital of million, and an increase to convertible senior notes, net of million. Interest expense recognized in periods subsequent to the adoption date will be reduced as a result of accounting for the convertible debt instrument as a single liability measured at its amortized cost. 
 In January 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-01, Investments-Equity Securities (Topic 321), Investments-Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323), and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815), which clarifies the interaction between the accounting for equity securities in Topic 321, the accounting for equity method investments in Topic 323, and the accounting for certain forward contracts and purchased options in Topic 815. The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2020, with early adoption permitted. Effective January 1, 2021, we adopted this standard on a prospective basis. The impact of adoption of this standard on our consolidated financial statements, including accounting policies, processes, and systems, was not material. 
 
 2. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Europe (3) 
 Rest of world Total revenue 
 (1) North America includes Mexico, the Caribbean, and Central America. (2) United States revenue was billion, billion, and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 (3) Europe includes Russia and Turkey. Effective March 2022, we halted advertising sales to Russian and Belarusian entities. 
 
 3. 
 classes of authorized common stock for which voting rights differ by class. 
 Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss attributable to each class of stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares of stock outstanding during the period, adjusted for RSAs for which the risk of forfeiture has not yet lapsed. 
 For the calculation of diluted net loss per share, net loss per share attributable to common stockholders for basic net loss per share is adjusted by the effect of dilutive securities, including awards under our equity compensation plans. Diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders is computed by dividing the resulting net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of fully diluted common shares outstanding. We use the if-converted method for calculating any potential dilutive effect of the Convertible Notes on diluted net loss per share. The Convertible Notes would have a dilutive impact on net income per share when the average market price of Class A common stock for a given period exceeds the respective conversion price of the Convertible Notes. For the periods presented, our potentially dilutive shares relating to stock options, RSUs, RSAs, and Convertible Notes were not included in the computation of diluted net loss per share as the effect of including these shares in the calculation would have been anti-dilutive. 
 90 

Table of Contents ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Denominator: Basic shares: Weighted-average common shares - Basic Diluted shares: Weighted-average common shares - Diluted Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 Unvested RSUs and RSAs Convertible Notes (if-converted) 
 
 4. 
 shares of Class A nonvoting common stock, shares of Class B voting common stock, and shares of Class C voting common stock, each with a par value of per share. Class A common stockholders have no voting rights, Class B common stockholders are entitled to vote per share, and Class C common stockholders are entitled to votes per share. Shares of our Class B common stock are convertible into an equivalent number of shares of our Class A common stock and generally convert into shares of our Class A common stock upon transfer. Shares of our Class C common stock are convertible into an equivalent number of shares of our Class B common stock and generally convert into shares of our Class B common stock upon transfer. Any dividends paid to the holders of the Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common stock will be paid on a pro rata basis. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we did declare any dividends. On a liquidation event, as defined in our certificate of incorporation, any distribution to common stockholders is made on a pro rata basis to the holders of the Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common stock. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were shares issued and shares outstanding of Class A common stock, and shares and shares issued and outstanding of Class B common stock and Class C common stock, respectively. 
 Stock-based Compensation Plans 
 We maintain share-based employee compensation plans: the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 2017 Plan ), the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 2014 Plan ), and the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan 2012 Plan , and collectively with the 2017 Plan and the 2014 Plan, the Stock Plans ). In January 2017, our board of directors adopted the 2017 Plan, and in February 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 shares of Class A common stock to our employees and consultants in France under the 2014 Plan. Outstanding awards under the 2014 Plan and 2012 Plan continue to be subject to the terms and conditions of the 2014 Plan and 2012 Plan, respectively. Shares available for grant under the 2014 Plan and 2012 Plan, which were reserved but not issued or subject to outstanding awards under the 2014 Plan or 2012 Plan, respectively, as of the effective date of the 2017 Plan, were added to the reserves of the 2017 Plan. 
 We initially reserved shares of our Class A common stock for future issuance under the 2017 Plan. An additional number of shares of Class A common stock will be added to the 2017 Plan equal to (i) shares of Class A common stock reserved for future issuance pursuant to outstanding stock options and unvested RSUs under the 2014 Plan, (ii) shares of Class A common stock issuable on conversion of Class B common stock underlying stock options and unvested RSUs outstanding under the 2012 Plan, (iii) shares of Class A common stock that were reserved for issuance under the 2014 Plan as of the date the 2017 Plan became effective, (iv) shares of Class A common stock issuable on conversion of Class B common stock that were reserved for issuance under the 2012 Plan as of the date the 2017 Plan became effective, and (v) a maximum of shares of Class A common stock that will be added pursuant to the following sentence. With respect to each share that returns to the 2017 Plan pursuant to (i) and (ii) of the prior sentence that was associated with an award that was outstanding under the 2014 Plan and 2012 Plan as of October 31, 2016, an additional share of Class A common stock will be added to the share reserve of the 2017 Plan, up to a maximum of shares . The number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2017 Plan will increase automatically on January 1st of each calendar year, beginning on January 1, 2018 through January 1, 2027, by the lesser of (i) of the total number of shares of our capital stock outstanding on December 31st of the immediately preceding calendar year, and (ii) a number determined by our board of directors. The maximum term for stock options granted under the 2017 Plan may not exceed from the date of grant. The 2017 Plan will terminate from the date our board of directors approved the plan, unless it is terminated earlier by our board of directors. 
 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In January 2017, our board of directors adopted the 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 2017 ESPP ). Our stockholders approved the 2017 ESPP in February 2017. The 2017 ESPP became effective in connection with the IPO. A total of shares of Class A common stock were initially reserved for issuance under the 2017 ESPP. shares of our Class A common stock have been issued or offered under the 2017 ESPP. The number of shares of our Class A common stock reserved for issuance will automatically increase on January 1st of each calendar year, beginning on January 1, 2018 through January 1, 2027, by the lesser of (i) of the total number of shares of our common stock outstanding on the last day of the calendar month before the date of the automatic increase, and (ii) shares; provided that before the date of any such increase, our board of directors may determine that such increase will be less than the amount set forth in clauses (i) and (ii). 
 Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Stock Awards 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 billion, billion, and billion, respectively. 
 Total unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding RSUs and RSAs was billion as of December 31, 2022 and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Stock Options 
 Granted Exercised ) ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 
 (1) The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying stock option awards and the closing market price of our Class A common stock as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 The weighted-average fair value of stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and per share, respectively. The expense is estimated based on the option s fair value as calculated by the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Stock-based compensation expense for stock options was not material in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options was million as of December 31, 2022 and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 The total grant date fair value of stock options that vested in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. The intrinsic value of stock options exercised in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 million of our Class A common stock. The program was completed in the fourth quarter of 2022, during which we repurchased, and subsequently retired, million shares of our Class A common stock for an aggregate of million, representing the entire amount approved by our board of directors and including costs associated with the repurchases. 
 In July 2022, our board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program of up to million of our Class A common stock. The program was completed in the third quarter of 2022, during which we repurchased million shares of our Class A common stock for an aggregate of million, representing the entire amount approved by our board of directors and including costs associated with the repurchases. These shares are recorded as treasury stock on our consolidated balance sheets and remain available for re-issuance. 
 
 5. 
 million, which included million in cash, million in shares of our Class A common stock, and million recorded in other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. Of the aggregate purchase consideration, million was allocated to goodwill and the remainder primarily to identifiable intangible assets. The goodwill amount represents synergies related to our existing platform expected to be realized from the business acquisitions and assembled workforces. Of the acquired goodwill and intangible assets, million is deductible for tax purposes. 
 2021 Acquisitions 
 Wave Optics 
 In May 2021, we acquired Wave Optics Limited Wave Optics ), a display technology company that supplies light engines and diffractive waveguides for augmented reality displays. The total consideration was million, of which million represented purchase consideration and primarily consisted of million shares of our Class A common stock with a fair value of million, cash of million, and a million payable due no later than May 2023 in either cash, shares of our Class A common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our Class A common stock, at our election. The remaining million of total consideration transferred represented compensation for future employment services. 
 Technology Customer relationships Goodwill Net deferred tax liability ) Other assets acquired and liabilities assumed, net Total 
 The goodwill amount represents synergies expected to be realized from the business combination and assembled workforce. The associated goodwill and intangible assets are not deductible for tax purposes. 
 Fit Analytics 
 In March 2021, we acquired Fit Analytics GmbH Fit Analytics ), a sizing technology company that powers solutions for retailers and brands, to grow our e-commerce and shopping offerings. The purchase consideration for Fit Analytics was million, which primarily represented current and future cash consideration payments. 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 Technology Customer relationships Goodwill Net deferred tax liability ) Other assets acquired and liabilities assumed, net Total 
 The goodwill amount represents synergies expected to be realized from this business combination and assembled workforce. The associated goodwill and intangible assets are not deductible for tax purposes. 
 Other 2021 Acquisitions 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we completed other acquisitions to enhance our existing platform, technology, and workforce. The aggregate purchase consideration was million, which included million in cash, million in shares of our Class A common stock, and million recorded in other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Customer relationships Goodwill Net deferred tax liability ) Other assets acquired and liabilities assumed, net Total 
 The goodwill amount represents synergies related to our existing platform expected to be realized from the business acquisitions and assembled workforces. Of the acquired goodwill and intangible assets, million is deductible for tax purposes. 
 2020 Acquisitions 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020, we completed acquisitions to enhance our existing platform, technology, and workforce. 
 Goodwill Net deferred tax liability ) Other assets acquired and liabilities assumed, net Total 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 million is deductible for tax purposes. 
 Additional Information on 2022, 2021, and 2020 Acquisitions 
 The operating results of the above acquisitions were included in the results of our operations from the acquisition date and were not material to our consolidated revenue or consolidated operating loss. In addition, unaudited pro forma results of operations assuming the above acquisitions had taken place at the beginning of each period are not provided because the historical operating results of the acquired entities were not material and pro forma results would not be materially different from reported results for the periods presented. 
 
 6. 
 Goodwill acquired Foreign currency translation ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Goodwill acquired Foreign currency translation ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 ) Trademarks ) Technology ) Customer relationships ) Patents ) Other ) ) 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 ) Trademarks ) Technology ) Customer relationships ) Patents ) ) 
 Amortization of intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. In 2022, we revised the useful lives of certain customer relationships, trademarks, domain names, and technology, which resulted in a million increase to amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 7. 
 billion principal amount of convertible senior notes due in 2028 (the 2028 Notes in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The 2028 Notes consisted of a billion initial placement and an over-allotment option that provided the initial purchasers of the 2028 Notes with the option to purchase an additional million aggregate principal amount of the 2028 Notes, which was fully exercised. The 2028 Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture dated February 11, 2022.The net proceeds from the issuance of the 2028 Notes were billion, net of debt issuance costs and cash used to purchase the capped call transactions 2028 Capped Call Transactions discussed below. The debt issuance costs are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest rate method. 
 The 2028 Notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. Interest is payable in cash semi-annually in arrears beginning on September 1, 2022 at a rate of per year. The 2028 Notes mature on March 1, 2028 unless repurchased, redeemed, or converted in accordance with their terms prior to such date. 
 The 2028 Notes are convertible into cash, shares of our Class A common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our Class A common stock, at our election, at an initial conversion rate of shares of Class A common 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 principal amount of 2028 Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of our Class A common stock. The conversion rate is subject to customary adjustments for certain events as described in the indenture governing the 2028 Notes. 
 We may redeem for cash all or any portion of the 2028 Notes, at our option, on or after March 5, 2025 if the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock has been at least of the conversion price then in effect for at least trading days at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2028 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. 
 Holders of the 2028 Notes may convert all or a portion of their 2028 Notes at their option prior to December 1, 2027, in multiples of principal amounts, only under the following circumstances: 
 if the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during the period of consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to of the applicable conversion price of the 2028 Notes on each such trading day; 
 during the business day period after any consecutive trading day period in which the trading price per principal amount of the 2028 Notes for each day of that ten consecutive trading day period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock and the applicable conversion rate of the 2028 Notes on such trading day; 
 on a notice of redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date, in which case we may be required to increase the conversion rate for the 2028 Notes so surrendered for conversion in connection with such redemption notice; or 
 on the occurrence of specified corporate events. 
 On or after December 1, 2027, the 2028 Notes are convertible at any time until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date. 
 Holders of the 2028 Notes who convert the 2028 Notes in connection with a make-whole fundamental change, as defined in the indenture governing the 2028 Notes, or in connection with a redemption are entitled to an increase in the conversion rate. Additionally, in the event of a fundamental change, holders of the 2028 Notes may require us to repurchase all or a portion of the 2028 Notes at a price equal to of the principal amount of 2028 Notes, plus any accrued and unpaid interest, if any. 
 We accounted for the issuance of the 2028 Notes as a single liability measured at its amortized cost, as no other embedded features require bifurcation and recognition as derivatives. 
 2027 Notes 
 In April 2021, we entered into a purchase agreement for the sale of an aggregate of billion principal amount of convertible senior notes due in 2027 (the 2027 Notes in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act. The net proceeds from the issuance of the 2027 Notes were billion, net of debt issuance costs and cash used to purchase the capped call transactions (the 2027 Capped Call Transactions discussed below. The debt issuance costs are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest rate method. 
 The 2027 Notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations which do not bear regular interest and for which the principal balance will not accrete. The 2027 Notes will mature on May 1, 2027 unless repurchased, redeemed, or converted in accordance with their terms prior to such date. 
 The 2027 Notes are convertible into cash, shares of our Class A common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our Class A common stock, at our election, at an initial conversion rate of shares of Class A common stock per principal amount of 2027 Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of our Class A common stock. We may redeem for cash all or portions of the 2027 Notes, at our option, on or after May 5, 2024 based on certain circumstances. 
 2025 Notes 
 In April 2020, we entered into a purchase agreement for the sale of an aggregate of billion principal amount of convertible senior notes due in 2025 (the 2025 Notes in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act. The net proceeds from the issuance of the 2025 Notes were million, net of debt 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 per year. The 2025 Notes mature on May 1, 2025 unless repurchased, redeemed, or converted in accordance with their terms prior to such date. 
 The 2025 Notes are convertible into cash, shares of our Class A common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our Class A common stock, at our election, at an initial conversion rate of shares of Class A common stock per principal amount of 2025 Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of our Class A common stock. We may redeem for cash all or portions of the 2025 Notes, at our option, on or after May 6, 2023 based on certain circumstances. 
 2026 Notes 
 In August 2019, we entered into a purchase agreement for the sale of an aggregate of billion principal amount of convertible senior notes due in 2026 (the 2026 Notes in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act. The net proceeds from the issuance of the 2026 Notes were billion, net of debt issuance costs and cash used to purchase the capped call transactions 2026 Capped Call Transactions discussed below. The debt issuance costs are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest rate method. 
 The 2026 Notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. Interest is payable in cash semi-annually in arrears beginning on February 1, 2020 at a rate of per year. The 2026 Notes mature on August 1, 2026 unless repurchased, redeemed, or converted in accordance with the terms prior to such date. 
 The 2026 Notes are convertible into cash, shares of our Class A common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our Class A common stock, at our election, at an initial conversion rate of shares of Class A common stock per principal amount of 2026 Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of our Class A common stock. We may redeem for cash all or portions of the 2026 Notes, at our option, on or after August 6, 2023 based on certain circumstances. 
 Exchange Transactions 
 In 2021, we entered into various exchange agreements (collectively, the Exchange Agreements with certain holders of the 2025 Notes and the 2026 Notes pursuant to which we exchanged approximately million principal amount of the 2025 Notes and approximately million principal amount of the 2026 Notes for aggregate consideration of approximately million shares of Class A common stock (the Exchange Shares ). The Exchange Shares included an additional million shares of our Class A common stock not provided for under the original conversion terms of the 2025 Notes and the 2026 Notes to induce the holders to agree to the exchange. 
 The Exchange Agreements were accounted for as an induced conversion with the fair value of million Exchange Shares, less accrued interest, recognized as an inducement expense in other income (expense), net in our consolidated statements of operations and included as an adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. Inducement expense recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021 was million. The common stock consideration issued under the original terms of the 2025 Notes and 2026 Notes was accounted for under the general conversion accounting guidance with the net carrying amount of million recorded in additional paid-in-capital and as a non-cash transaction excluded from cash activities on the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) 2026 Notes ) ) 2027 Notes ) ) 2028 Notes ) Total ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2022, the debt issuance costs on the 2025 Notes, 2026 Notes, 2027 Notes, and 2028 Notes will be amortized over the remaining period of approximately years, years, years and years, respectively. 
 Interest expense related to the amortization of debt issuance costs was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest expense related to the amortization of debt discount and issuance costs was million for the year ended December 31, 2020. Contractual interest expense was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the if-converted value of the Convertible Notes did not exceed the principal amount. The sale price for conversion was not satisfied as of December 31, 2022 for the Convertible Notes, and as a result, the Convertible Notes will not be eligible for optional conversion during the first quarter of 2023. No sinking fund is provided for the Convertible Notes, which means that we are not required to redeem or retire them periodically. 
 Capped Call Transactions 
 In connection with the pricing of the 2025 Notes, the 2026 Notes, the 2027 Notes, and the 2028 Notes, we entered into the 2025 Capped Call Transactions, the 2026 Capped Call Transactions, the 2027 Capped Call Transactions, and the 2028 Capped Call Transactions (collectively, the Capped Call Transactions ), respectively, with certain counterparties at a net cost of million, million, million, and million, respectively. The cap price of the 2025 Capped Call Transactions, the 2026 Capped Call Transactions, the 2027 Capped Call Transactions, and the 2028 Capped Call Transactions is initially , , , and per share of our Class A common stock, respectively. All are subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the Capped Call Transactions. Conditions that cause adjustments to the initial strike price of the Capped Call Transactions mirror conditions that result in corresponding adjustments for the Convertible Notes. 
 The Capped Call Transactions are intended to reduce potential dilution to holders of our Class A common stock beyond the conversion prices up to the cap prices on any conversion of the Convertible Notes or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount, as the case may be, with such reduction or offset subject to a cap. The cost of the Capped Call Transactions was recorded as a reduction of our additional paid-in capital in our consolidated balance sheets. The Capped Call Transactions will not be remeasured as long as they continue to meet the conditions for equity classification. As of December 31, 2022, the Capped Call Transactions were out-of-the-money. 
 Credit Facility 
 In May 2022, we entered into a senior unsecured revolving credit facility Credit Facility with certain lenders that allows us to borrow up to billion to fund working capital and general corporate-purpose expenditures. The prior revolving credit facility entered into in July 2016 (as amended) was terminated concurrently with the entry into the Credit Facility. The prior credit facility was never drawn upon and, as of December 31, 2021, there were no amounts outstanding on the prior credit facility. On the Credit Facility, loans bear interest, at our option, at a rate equal to (i) a term secured overnight financing rate SOFR plus or the base rate, if selected by us, for loans made in U.S. dollars, (ii) the Sterling overnight index average plus for loans made in Sterling, and (iii) foreign indices as stated in the credit agreement plus for loans made in other permitted foreign currencies. The base rate is defined as the greatest of (i) the Wall Street Journal prime rate, (ii) the greater of the (a) federal funds rate and (b) the overnight bank funding rate, 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 , and (iii) the applicable SOFR for a period of (but not less than zero) plus . The Credit Facility also contains an annual commitment fee of on the daily undrawn balance of the facility. As of December 31, 2022, we had million in the form of outstanding standby letters of credit, with amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility. 
 
 8. 
 billion in commitments as of December 31, 2022, primarily due within years. For additional discussion on leases, see Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Contingencies 
 We record a loss contingency when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. We also disclose material contingencies when we believe a loss is not probable but reasonably possible. Accounting for contingencies requires us to use judgment related to both the likelihood of a loss and the estimate of the amount or range of loss. Many legal and tax contingencies can take years to be resolved. 
 Pending Matters 
 In November 2021, we and certain of our officers and directors, were named as defendants in a securities class actions purportedly brought on behalf of purchasers of our Class A common stock, alleging that we and certain of our officers made false or misleading statements and omissions concerning the impact that Apple s App Tracking Transparency framework would have on our business. Management believes these lawsuits are without merit and intends to vigorously defend them. Based on the preliminary nature of the proceedings in this case, the outcome of this matter remains uncertain. 
 The outcomes of our legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable, subject to significant uncertainties, and could be material to our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows for a particular period. For the pending matters described above, it is not possible to estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss. 
 We are subject to various other legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business, including certain patent, trademark, privacy, regulatory, and employment matters. Although occasional adverse decisions or settlements may occur, we do not believe that the final disposition of any of our other pending matters will seriously harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Indemnifications 
 In the ordinary course of business, we may provide indemnifications of varying scope and terms to customers, vendors, lessors, investors, directors, officers, employees, and other parties with respect to certain matters. Indemnification may include losses from our breach of such agreements, services we provide, or third party intellectual property infringement claims. These indemnifications may survive termination of the underlying agreement and the maximum potential amount of future indemnification payments may not be subject to a cap. We have not incurred material costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related to these indemnifications as of December 31, 2022. We believe the fair value of these liabilities is immaterial and accordingly have liabilities recorded for these agreements at December 31, 2022. 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 9. 
 Sublease income ) ) ) Total net lease costs 
 Weighted-average discount rate 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had additional operating leases that have not yet commenced for facilities with lease obligations of million. These operating leases will commence in 2023 with lease terms of approximately years to years. 
 Cash payments included in the measurement of our o perating lease liabilities were million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Lease liabilities arising from obtaining operating lease right-of-use assets were million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively . 
 
 10. 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, which consist primarily of equity securities, and to a lesser extent, debt securities. These strategic investments are primarily recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis. The estimation of fair value for these privately held strategic investments requires the use of significant unobservable inputs, such as the issuance of new equity by the company, and as a result, we deem these assets as Level 3 financial instruments within the fair value measurement framework. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 Realized gains (losses) on investments in privately held companies, net 
 Unrealized and realized gains on all strategic investments are included within other income (expense), net on the consolidated statements of operations and included as an adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. Strategic investments are included within other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 million. 
 
 11. 
 Level 1 securities: U.S. government securities ) U.S. government agency securities ) Publicly traded equity securities (1) 
 ) Level 2 securities: Corporate debt securities ) Commercial paper Certificates of deposit ) Total ) 
 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2022, we reclassified strategic investments from Level 3 to Level 1 at their fair value using the beginning-of-period approach, following the commencement of public market trading of the investments during the quarter (a portion of which was subject to short-term lock-up restrictions as of December 31, 2022). 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 Level 1 securities: U.S. government securities ) U.S. government agency securities ) Publicly traded equity securities Level 2 securities: Corporate debt securities ) Commercial paper ) Certificates of deposit Total ) 
 We held investments in publicly traded companies with an aggregate carrying value of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily recorded as marketable securities. We recorded total losses of million and unrealized gains of million related to these investments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, within other income (expense), net on our consolidated statements of operations. Unrealized losses related to publicly traded equity securities still held as of December 31, 2022 were million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Gross unrealized losses on marketable debt securities were not material as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we considered any decreases in fair value on our marketable debt securities to be driven by factors other than credit risk, including market risk. As of December 31, 2022, million of our total billion in marketable debt securities have contractual maturities between one and . All other marketable debt securities have contractual maturities less than one year. 
 We carry the Convertible Notes at face value less the unamortized debt issuance costs on our consolidated balance sheets and present the fair value for disclosure purposes only. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the 2025 Notes, the 2026 Notes, the 2027 Notes, and the 2028 Notes was million, million, million, and billion, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the fair value of the 2025 Notes, the 2026 Notes, and the 2027 Notes was million, billion, and billion, respectively. The estimated fair value of the Convertible Notes, which are classified as Level 2 financial instruments, was determined based on the estimated or actual bid prices of the Convertible Notes in an over-the-counter market on the last business day of the period. 
 
 12.) ) Foreign (1) 
 ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) 
 (1) Includes the impact of intercompany charges to foreign affiliates for management fees and research and development cost sharing, inclusive of stock-based compensation. 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 State Foreign Total current income tax expense (benefit) Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) 
 State tax benefit (expense), net of federal benefit (1) 
 Change in valuation allowance ) ) ) Differences between U.S. and foreign tax rates on foreign income ) Stock-based compensation benefit ) U.S. federal research development credit benefit U.K. corporate rate increase Acquisitions and divestitures ) ) ) Other benefits (expenses) ) ) ) Total income tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) 
 (1) Inclusive of state research and development credits. 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 Intangible assets IRC 174 Capitalized R D (1) 
 Stock-based compensation Loss carryforwards Tax credit carryforwards Lease liability Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Right-of-use asset ) ) Investments ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred taxes ) ) 
 (1) An offsetting reduction is included in loss carryforwards as of December 31, 2022 as U.S. federal and state loss carryforwards were utilized to offset the increase in federal and state tax liability resulting from capitalization under Section 174 of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 On July 22, 2020 the U.K. Finance Act 2020 was enacted, increasing the U.K. tax rate from to effective April 1, 2020. On June 10, 2021, the U.K. Finance Act 2021 was enacted, further increasing the U.K. tax rate from to effective April 1, 2023. These changes to the U.K. tax rate resulted in an increase to our U.K. net deferred tax assets (before valuation allowance) of million and million for the period ending December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, both of which were fully offset by an increase in our valuation allowance. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had an immaterial amount of unremitted earnings related to certain foreign subsidiaries. We intend to continue to reinvest these foreign earnings indefinitely and do not expect to incur any significant taxes related to such amounts. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had accumulated U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of billion and billion, respectively. Of the billion of federal net operating loss carryforwards, billion was generated before January 1, 2018 and is subject to a -year carryforward period. The remaining billion can be carried forward indefinitely but is subject to an taxable income limitation. The pre-2018 federal and certain significant state net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2037 and 2031, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had billion of U.K. net operating loss carryforwards that can be carried forward indefinitely; however, use of such carryforwards in a given year is generally limited to of such year s taxable income. As of December 31, 2022, we had accumulated U.S. federal and state research tax credits of million and million, respectively. The U.S. federal research tax credits will begin to expire in 2032. The U.S. state research tax credits do not expire. 
 We recognize valuation allowances on deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. We had valuation allowances against net deferred tax assets of billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In 2022, the increase in the valuation allowance was primarily attributable to a net increase in our deferred tax assets resulting from the loss from operations. 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 Additions for current year tax positions Additions for prior year tax positions Reductions for prior year tax positions ) ) Changes due to lapse of statute of limitations ) ) Changes due to foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) U.K. corporate rate increase Ending balance of unrecognized tax benefits (excluding interest and penalties) Interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits Ending balance of unrecognized tax benefits (including interest and penalties) 
 The total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits, including related interest and penalties, was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Substantially all of the unrecognized tax benefit was recorded as a reduction in our gross deferred tax assets, offset by a corresponding reduction in our valuation allowance. We have net unrecognized tax benefits of million and million included in other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Assuming there continues to be a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets in future periods when gross unrecognized tax benefits are realized, this would result in a tax benefit of million within our income tax provision at such time. 
 Our policy is to recognize interest and penalties associated with tax matters as part of the income tax provision and include accrued interest and penalties with the related income tax liability on our consolidated balance sheet. During the year ended December 31, 2022, interest expense recorded related to uncertain tax positions was not material. 
 The income taxes we pay are subject to review by taxing jurisdictions globally. Our estimate of the potential outcome of any uncertain tax position is subject to management s assessment of relevant risks, facts, and circumstances existing at that time. We believe that our estimate has adequately provided for these matters. However, our future results may include adjustments to estimates in the period the audits are resolved, which may impact our effective tax rate. 
 Tax years ending on or after December 31, 2012 are subject to examination in the U.S., and tax years ending on or after December 31, 2020 are subject to examination in the U.K. We are currently under examination by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service for the tax year ending December 31, 2018, and by the U.K. tax authorities for the tax year ending December 31, 2020. 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 13.) OCI before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI (1) 
 ) ) Net current period OCI ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 (1) Realized gains and losses on marketable securities are reclassified from AOCI into other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 14. 
 Buildings Leasehold improvements Furniture and equipment Construction in progress Total Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation and amortization expense on property and equipment was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Noncash property and equipment additions in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities were million, million, and million as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 United Kingdom Rest of world (1) 
 Total property and equipment, net 
 (1) individual country exceeded 10 of our total property and equipment, net for any period presented. 

15. 
 Accrued infrastructure costs Partner revenue share liability Acquisition liability Other operating costs Deferred revenue Other Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 Other Total other liabilities 
 
 16. 
 of their eligible compensation, but are limited to the maximum annual dollar amount allowable under the Code. We match of each participant s contribution up to a maximum of of the participant s eligible compensation paid during the period, and also match of each participant s contribution between and of the participant s eligible compensation paid during the period. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we recognized expense of million, million, and million, respectively, related to matching contributions. 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 17. 
 and in exchange may utilize a specified percentage of the hangar space. If the entity needs additional space within the hangar, it will pay rent to Snap at a fair market value rate determined at the time this arrangement was entered into. Any space utilized by this entity will be space that is not required for Snap s aviation program. Subject to certain limited exceptions, neither party may terminate this sublease for at least . After this period, Snap or this entity may terminate the lease at any time on months prior written notice. Upon termination of the sublease, this entity will purchase the hangar from Snap at its fair market value on the termination date. 
 The value of these arrangements is not material to our consolidated financial statements for the current period or for the term of the agreement. 
 
 18. 
 . We substantially completed the reprioritization plan in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Research and development Sales and marketing ) General and administrative Total 
 (1) Severance and related charges include cash severance expense and other termination benefits. The majority of cash paid for restructuring in 2022 was related to severance and benefits. (2) Lease exit and related charges are non-cash and presented in other cash flows from operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. (3) Other includes impairment charges, contract termination charges, and intangible asset amortization. 
 The liabilities related to the reprioritization plan were as of December 31, 2022. 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in this Annual Report on Form 10-K was (a) reported within the time periods specified by SEC rules and regulations, and (b) communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding any required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management s evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on the assessment, management has concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, has issued an audit report with respect to our internal control over financial reporting, which appears in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The following table sets forth information for our directors and executive officers, and their ages as of December 31, 2022. 
 Name Age Position Executive Officers Evan Spiegel 32 Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, and Director Robert Murphy 34 Co-Founder, Chief Technology Officer, and Director Derek Andersen 44 Chief Financial Officer Jerry Hunter 58 Chief Operating Officer Rebecca Morrow 49 Chief Accounting Officer Michael O Sullivan 57 General Counsel Non-Employee Directors Michael Lynton(1)(2) 
 63 Director and Chairperson of the Board Kelly Coffey(3) 
 57 Director Joanna Coles(2) 
 60 Director Liz Jenkins(3) 
 45 Director Stanley Meresman(3) 
 76 Director Scott D. Miller(1)(3) 
 70 Director Poppy Thorpe(1)(3) 
 38 Director Fidel Vargas(2) 54 Director 
 (1) Member of the compensation committee. 
 (2) Member of the nominating and corporate governance committee. 
 (3) Member of the audit committee. 
 
 Executive Officers 
 Evan Spiegel. Mr. Spiegel is our co-founder and has served as our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board of directors since May 2012. Mr. Spiegel holds a B.S. in Engineering Product Design from Stanford University. Mr. Spiegel has served on the board of directors of KKR Co., Inc. since October 2021 We believe that Mr. Spiegel is qualified to serve as a member of our board based on the perspective and experience he brings as our co-founder and Chief Executive Officer. 
 Robert Murphy . Mr. Murphy is our co-founder and has served as our Chief Technology Officer and a member of our board of directors since May 2012. Mr. Murphy holds a B.S. in Mathematical and Computational Science from Stanford University. We believe that Mr. Murphy is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors based on the perspective and experience he brings as our co-founder and Chief Technology Officer. 
 Derek Andersen. Mr. Andersen has served as Chief Financial Officer since May 2019 and previously served as our Vice President of Finance since July 2018. Mr. Andersen was previously employed at Amazon.com, Inc. from March 2011 to June 2018, serving in a variety of roles, most recently as Vice President of Finance supporting Amazon s digital video business. Mr. Andersen also previously served in roles at Fox Interactive Media, including as Senior Vice President, Finance and Business Operations for IGN, and as Vice President, Finance. Mr. Andersen holds a B.B.A from Acadia University, an M.B.A from the Haas School of Business at the University of California, Berkeley, and is a CFA Charter Holder. 
 Jerry Hunter . Mr. Hunter has served as our Chief Operating Officer since August 2022 and previously served as our Senior Vice President, Engineering from November 2017 to August 2022, and as our Vice President of Core Engineering from October 2016 to November 2017. From August 2010 to October 2016, Mr. Hunter served as Vice 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 President of Infrastructure at Amazon.com, Inc., and previously as Vice President of Corporate Applications at Amazon.com, Inc. from October 2007 to August 2010. Mr. Hunter holds a B.S. and M.S. in Systems Engineering from the University of Arizona. 
 Rebecca Morrow. Ms. Morrow has served as our Chief Accounting Officer since September 2019. From January 2018 to August 2019, Ms. Morrow served as Chief Accounting Officer at GoDaddy Inc., and previously served as Vice President of Finance and Head of Technical Accounting and Reporting from March 2015 to January 2018. Prior to that, Ms. Morrow served in various roles at Deloitte Touche LLP, most recently serving as Managing Director in the Advisory Services practice from August 2013 to March 2015, and as Senior Manager in the Advisory Services practice from October 2008 to August 2013. Ms. Morrow holds a B.S. degree in Business and Accounting from the University of Idaho and a Masters of Accountancy degree from the David Eccles School of Business of the University of Utah. 
 Michael O Sullivan . Mr. O Sullivan has served as our General Counsel since July 2017. From 1992 to July 2017, Mr. O Sullivan was a lawyer in private practice. He served since 1996 as a lawyer at the law firm of Munger, Tolles Olson LLP in Los Angeles, California, where he focused his practice on advising companies, their boards of directors, and founders on corporate transactions, governance matters, and significant disputes. Mr. O Sullivan holds a J.D. from University of Southern California s Gould School of Law and a B.A. from University of Pennsylvania. 
 Non-Employee Directors 
 Michael Lynton . Mr. Lynton has served on our board of directors since April 2013 and has been Chairperson of our board of directors since September 2016. Mr. Lynton served as Chief Executive Officer or Co-Chief Executive Officer of Sony Entertainment Inc., an international entertainment company, from April 2012 until August 2017, as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc. from January 2004 until May 2017, and as CEO of Sony Corporation of America from March 2012 to August 2017. Mr. Lynton has served as a member of the board of directors of Ares Management Corp, Warner Music Group Corp., Schrodinger, Inc., and The Boston Beer Company. Mr. Lynton also served as a member of the board of directors of Pandora Media, Inc. from August 2017 until February 2019 and Pearson plc, from January 2018 to April 2021. Mr. Lynton holds a B.A. in History and Literature from Harvard College and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. We believe that Mr. Lynton is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors and Chairperson due to his extensive leadership experience. 
 Kelly Coffey . Ms. Coffey has served on our board of directors since May 2020. Ms. Coffey has served as Chief Executive Officer at City National Bank, a subsidiary of the Royal Bank of Canada (RBC), since February 2019. Prior to joining City National Bank, Ms. Coffey served in various leadership positions with J.P. Morgan from 1989 to January 2019, most recently serving as the Chief Executive Officer of J.P. Morgan s U.S. Private Bank. Ms. Coffey holds an M.S. in Foreign Service from Georgetown University and a B.A. in International Affairs French from Lafayette College. We believe that Ms. Coffey is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to her extensive leadership experience. 
 Joanna Coles . Ms. Coles has served on our board of directors since December 2015. Ms. Coles served as Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer of Northern Star Acquisition Corp. since July 2020, until its merger with Bark, Inc. (formerly Barkbox Inc.) in June 2021. Ms. Coles has served as Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer of Northern Star Investment Corp. II, Northern Star Investment Corp. III, and Northern Star Investment Corp. IV since November 2020. Prior to joining the Northern Star entities, Ms. Coles served as Chief Content Officer of Hearst Magazines from September 2016 to August 2018, overseeing editorial for Hearst s 300 titles globally, and as Editor-in-Chief of Cosmopolitan from September 2012 to September 2016. She edited Marie Claire magazine from April 2006 to September 2012. Ms. Coles worked for The Times of London from September 1998 to September 2001 and served as New York Bureau Chief for The Guardian from 1997 to 1998. She currently serves on the board of directors of Bark, Inc., Sonos, Inc., and is on the board of Women Entrepreneurs New York City, an initiative to encourage female entrepreneurship, with a focus on underserved communities. Ms. Coles holds a B.A. in English and American literature from the University of East Anglia. We believe that Ms. Coles is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to her extensive experience working with content providers and advertisers. 
 Liz Jenkins . Ms. Jenkins has served on our board of directors since December 2020. Ms. Jenkins has served as Chief Operating Officer at Be Sunshine, LLC (Hello Sunshine) since January 2021, and served as Chief Financial Officer at Hello Sunshine from August 2018 to December 2020. Prior to joining Hello Sunshine, Ms. Jenkins worked at Sony Interactive Entertainment as the Head of Strategic Ventures for PlayStation from June 2017 to August 2018, the Creative Cartel as interim Co-Chief Executive Officer from October 2015 to June 2016, and Media Rights Capital from October 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 2008 to May 2015, most recently serving as Senior Vice President of Corporate Development and Strategy. She currently serves as Chair of the board of GLAAD. Ms. Jenkins holds an MBA from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and a BA in Economics from Stanford University. We believe that Ms. Jenkins is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors and chair of our audit committee due to her experience working with digital and technology companies and her financial and accounting expertise from her prior experience as Chief Financial Officer of Hello Sunshine. 
 Stanley Meresman . Mr. Meresman has served on our board of directors since July 2015. During the last ten years, Mr. Meresman has served on the boards of directors of various public and private companies, including service as chair of the audit committee for some of these companies. He currently serves on the board of directors and as chair of the audit committee of DoorDash, Inc. He served as a member of the board of directors and as chair of the audit committees of Palo Alto Networks, Inc. from September 2014 to December 2018, LinkedIn Corporation from October 2010 to December 2016, Zynga Inc. from June 2011 to June 2015, Medallia, Inc. from June 2015 to October 2021, Guardant Health, Inc. from May 2018 to June 2022, and Cloudflare, Inc. from December 2018 to June 2022; and on the board of directors of Meru Networks, Inc. from September 2010 to May 2013, and Riverbed Technology, Inc. from March 2005 to May 2012. He also serves on the board of trustees of the Panetta Institute of Public Policy, a non-profit organization. From January 2004 to December 2004, Mr. Meresman was a Venture Partner with Technology Crossover Ventures, a private equity firm, and was General Partner and Chief Operating Officer of Technology Crossover Ventures from November 2001 to December 2003. During the four years before joining Technology Crossover Ventures, Mr. Meresman was a private investor and board member and advisor to several technology companies. From 1989 to 1997, Mr. Meresman served as the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Silicon Graphics, Inc. Mr. Meresman holds a B.S. in Industrial Engineering and Operations Research from the University of California, Berkeley and an M.B.A. from the Stanford Graduate School of Business. We believe that Mr. Meresman is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his background as a member of the board and chair of the audit committee of other public companies and his financial and accounting expertise from his prior extensive experience as chief financial officer of two publicly traded companies. 
 Scott D. Miller . Mr. Miller has served on our board of directors since October 2016. Mr. Miller is a founder and Chief Executive Officer of Council Advisors (formerly known as G100 Companies), and is also a founder and chairman of G100 Network and SSA Company. Before joining Council Advisors in March 2004, Mr. Miller was employed at Hyatt Hotels Corporation, a global hospitality company, where he served as non-executive vice chairman from August 2003 to December 2004, president from January 1999 to August 2003, and executive vice president from September 1997 to July 2003. Mr. Miller served on the boards of QTS Realty Trust, Inc. from 2013 to 2021, Affinion Group, Inc. from 2011 to 2013, AXA Equitable Life Insurance Company from 2002 to 2012, Orbitz Worldwide, Inc. from 2003 to 2004, and NAVTEQ corporation from 2002 to 2006. He also serves on several private company boards. Mr. Miller holds a B.S. in Human Biology from Stanford University and an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. We believe that Mr. Miller is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive leadership experience. 
 Poppy Thorpe . Ms. Thorpe has served on our board of directors since August 2018. Ms. Thorpe is a freelance brand consultant. Previously, Ms. Thorpe served as Chief Marketing Officer at Sesame Inc. from March 2020 to May 2021, Head of Brand Marketing at Glossier Inc., a beauty brand, from April 2018 to February 2020, Head of Strategy at FNDR, a marketing and advertising agency, from August 2017 to April 2018, and Strategy Director at R/GA, a digital agency, from August 2014 to August 2017. Ms. Thorpe holds a B.A. in English and Film Studies from University of San Francisco. We believe that Ms. Thorpe is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to her experience working with digital and technology companies and with advertisers. 
 Fidel Vargas . Mr. Vargas has served on our board of directors since July 2021. Mr. Vargas has served as Chief Executive Officer of the Hispanic Scholarship Fund since January 2013. Prior to joining the Hispanic Scholarship Fund, Mr. Vargas worked as a Partner at Centinela Capital Partners from June 2006 to December 2012, and from 1992 to 1997, Mr. Vargas served as Mayor for the City of Baldwin Park, California. Mr. Vargas serves on the President s Commission on White House Fellowships. Mr. Vargas holds an M.B.A. and an A.B. in Social Studies from Harvard University. We believe that Mr. Vargas is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive leadership experience. 
 There are no family relationships among any of the directors or executive officers. 
 Independent Chairperson 
 Our board of directors appointed Mr. Lynton to serve as our independent Chairperson of our board of directors in September 2016. As Chairperson of our board of directors, Mr. Lynton presides over meetings of our independent directors 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 without management present. Mr. Lynton also performs such additional duties as our board of directors may otherwise determine and delegate. Mr. Lynton is an independent director and satisfies the independence requirements under NYSE listing standards. 
 Composition of Our Board of Directors 
 Our board of directors may establish the authorized number of directors from time to time by resolution. Our board of directors currently consists of ten members. 
 No stockholder has any special rights regarding the election or designation of members of our board of directors. There is no contractual arrangement by which any of our directors are appointed to our board of directors. Our current directors will continue to serve as directors until our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders and until their successor is duly elected, or if sooner, until their earlier death, resignation, or removal. 
 So long as any shares of our Class C common stock are outstanding, we will not have a classified board of directors, and all directors will be elected for annual terms. 
 Following the conversion of all of our Class C common stock to Class B common stock, and subsequent conversion of all of our Class B common stock to Class A common stock, we will have a classified board of directors consisting of three classes. Each class will be approximately equal in size, with each director serving staggered three-year terms. Directors will be assigned to a class by the then-current board of directors. 
 When our board of directors is classified, we expect that any additional directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors will be distributed among the three classes so that, as nearly as possible, each class will consist of one-third of the directors. The division of our board of directors into three classes with staggered three-year terms may delay or prevent a change of our management or a change in control. 
 Our board of directors held seven meetings during 2022. No member of our board of directors attended fewer tha n 75 of the aggregate of (a) the total number of meetings of the board of directors (held during the period for which he or she was a director) and (b) the total number of meetings held by all committees of the board of directors on which such director served (held during the period that such director served). Mem bers of our board of directors are invited and encouraged to attend our annual meeting of stockholders. In 2022, nine members of our board of directors attended our annual meeting of stockholders. 
 Executive Sessions of Independent Directors 
 In order to promote open discussion among non-management directors, and as required under applicable NYSE rules, our board of directors conducts executive sessions of non-management directors during each regularly scheduled board meeting and at such other times if requested by a non-management director. In 2022, the non-management directors met in executive session at least once. The non-management directors provide feedback to executive management, as needed, promptly after the executive session. Neither Mr. Spiegel nor Mr. Murphy participates in such sessions. As Chairperson of our board of directors, Mr. Lynton presides over meetings of our independent directors without management present. 
 Committees of Our Board of Directors 
 Our board of directors has established an audit committee, a compensation committee, and a nominating and corporate governance committee. The composition and responsibilities of each of these committees of our board of directors are described below. Members serve on these committees until their resignation or until otherwise determined by our board of directors. Our board of directors may have or establish other committees as it deems necessary or appropriate from time to time. 
 Audit Committee 
 Our audit committee consists of Ms. Coffey, Ms. Jenkins, Mr. Meresman, Mr. Miller, and Ms. Thorpe, each of whom our board of directors has determined satisfies the independence requirements under NYSE listing standards and Rule 10A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. The chair of our audit committee is Ms. Jenkins, who our board of directors has determined is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of SEC regulations. Each member of our audit 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 committee can read and understand fundamental financial statements in accordance with applicable requirements. In arriving at these determinations, the board of directors has examined each audit committee member s scope of experience and the nature of their employment in the corporate finance sector. No member of the audit committee simultaneously serves on the audit committees of more than three public companies. During 2022, the audit committee met six time s. Our board of directors has adopted a written charter for the audit committee, which is available on our website at www.snap.com. 
 The primary purpose of the audit committee is to discharge the responsibilities of our board of directors with respect to our corporate accounting and financial reporting processes, systems of internal control, and financial-statement audits, and to oversee our independent registered accounting firm. 
 Specific responsibilities of our audit committee include: 
 helping our board of directors oversee our corporate accounting and financial reporting processes; 
 managing the selection, engagement, qualifications, independence, and performance of a qualified firm to serve as the independent registered public accounting firm to audit our financial statements; 
 discussing the scope and results of the audit with the independent registered public accounting firm, and reviewing, with management and the independent accountants, our interim and year-end operating results; 
 developing procedures for employees to submit concerns anonymously about questionable accounting or audit matters; 
 reviewing related person transactions; 
 reviewing cybersecurity and data privacy risks; 
 developing procedures for employees to submit concerns anonymously about questionable accounting or audit matters; 
 obtaining and reviewing a report by the independent registered public accounting firm at least annually, that describes our internal quality control procedures, any material issues with such procedures, and any steps taken to deal with such issues when required by applicable law; and 
 approving, or, as permitted, pre-approving, audit and permissible non-audit services to be performed by the independent registered public accounting firm. 
 Compensation Committee 
 Our compensation committee consists of Mr. Lynton, Mr. Miller, and Ms. Thorpe. Our board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Lynton, Mr. Miller, and Ms. Thorpe is independent under NYSE listing standards and a non-employee director as defined in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. The chair of our compensation committee is Mr. Lynton. During 2022, the compensation committee met five times. Our board of directors has adopted a written charter for the compensation committee, which is available on our website at www.snap.com. 
 The primary purpose of our compensation committee is to discharge the responsibilities of our board of directors in overseeing our compensation policies, plans, and programs for directors and employees and to review and determine the compensation to be paid to our executive officers and other senior management, as appropriate. 
 Specific responsibilities of our compensation committee include: 
 reviewing and approving the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer, other executive officers, and senior management; 
 reviewing and recommending to our board of directors the compensation paid to our directors; 
 reviewing and approving the compensation arrangements with our executive officers and other senior management; 
 administering our equity incentive plans and other benefit programs; 
 reviewing, adopting, amending, and terminating incentive compensation and equity plans, severance agreements, profit sharing plans, bonus plans, change-of-control protections, and any other compensatory arrangements for our executive officers and other senior management; 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 reviewing, evaluating, and recommending to our board of directors succession plans for our executive officers; 
 reviewing and establishing general policies relating to compensation and benefits of our employees, including our overall compensation philosophy; and 
 reviewing and approving polices and procedures with respect to perquisites or other personal benefits provided to executive officers, directors, and other senior management. 
 See the sections titled Item 11. Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Director Compensation for a description of our processes and procedures for the consideration and determination of executive officer and director compensation. 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 
 Our nominating and corporate governance committee consists of Ms. Coles, Mr. Lynton, and Mr. Vargas. The chair of our nominating and corporate governance committee is Ms. Coles. Our board of directors has determined that each current member, and member during 2022, of the nominating and corporate governance committee is and was, respectively, independent under the NYSE listing standards, a non-employee director, and free from any relationship that would interfere with the exercise of his or her independent judgment. During 2022, the nominating and corporate governance committee met five times. Our board of directors has adopted a written charter for the nominating and corporate governance committee, which is available on our website at www.snap.com. 
 Specific responsibilities of our nominating and corporate governance committee include: 
 identifying and evaluating candidates, including the nomination of incumbent directors for reelection and nominees recommended by stockholders, to serve on our board of directors; 
 considering and making recommendations to our board of directors regarding the composition and chairperson of the committees of our board of directors; 
 instituting plans or programs for the continuing education of our board of directors and orientation of new directors; 
 developing and making recommendations to our board of directors regarding corporate governance guidelines and matters; 
 overseeing periodic evaluations of the board of directors performance, including committees of the board of directors; and 
 monitoring, reviewing, and making recommendations to our board of directors regarding its succession planning. 
 Code of Conduct 
 We have adopted a Code of Conduct that applies to all our employees, officers, and directors. This includes our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. The full text of our Code of Conduct is available on our website at www.snap.com. We intend to disclose on our website any future amendments of our Code of Conduct or waivers that exempt any principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, persons performing similar functions, or our directors from provisions in the Code of Conduct. You can request a copy of our Code of Conduct by writing to our Secretary at Snap Inc., 3000 31st Street, Santa Monica, CA 90405. 
 Our board of directors believes that good corporate governance is important to ensure that the company is managed for the long-term benefit of our stockholders. The full text of our corporate governance guidelines is also available on our website at www.snap.com . 
 Procedures by Which Stockholders May Nominate Directors 
 The nominating and corporate governance committee and our board of directors will review and evaluate candidates proposed by stockholders. The nominating and corporate governance committee and our board of directors will apply the same criteria, and follow substantially the same process in considering the candidates, as they do in considering other candidates. The factors generally considered by the nominating and corporate governance committee and our board of directors are set out in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which are available on our website at www.snap.com. If a stockholder who is eligible to vote at the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders wishes to nominate a candidate to be 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 considered for election as a director, it must comply with the procedures set forth in our bylaws and give timely notice of the nomination in writing to our Secretary. All stockholder proposals should be marked for the attention of our Secretary at Snap Inc., 3000 31st Street, Santa Monica, CA 90405. 
 Communications with the Board of Directors 
 Any stockholder, including a holder of Class A common stock, or any interested party may contact our board of directors regarding genuine issues or questions about us by sending a letter to the board of directors at: Snap Inc., c/o Secretary, 3000 31st Street, Santa Monica, CA 90405, Attention: Board of Directors. Each communication should specify the person sending the communication, the general topic of the communication, and the class and number of shares of our stock that are owned of record (if a record holder) or beneficially (if not a record holder). If any stockholder, including a holder of Class A common stock, wants to contact the independent members of the board of directors, the stockholder should address the communication to the attention of the Chairman (c/o Secretary) of the board of directors at the address above. Our legal department will review communications before forwarding them to the recipient, and will not forward a communication that is unrelated to the duties and responsibilities of the board of directors, irrelevant, primarily commercial in nature, addressed already on our website or in other filings, or is unduly hostile, threatening, illegal, or similarly unsuitable. Any communication that is not forwarded will be made available to any director on request. 
 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers and directors to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership with the SEC and to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Because our Class A common stock is non-voting, significant holders of our common stock are exempt from the obligation to file reports under Section 16 of the Exchange Act. For more information, see Risk Factors Because our Class A common stock is non-voting, we and our stockholders are exempt from certain provisions of U.S. securities laws. This may limit the information available to holders of our Class A common stock. 
 To our knowledge, based solely on our review of the copies of such reports furnished to us or written representations from such persons, we believe that, with respect to the year ended December 31, 2022, such persons complied with all such filing requirements, except Mr. Hunter inadvertently filed one late Form 4 with respect to one transaction. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
 The compensation provided to our named executive officers is detailed in the Summary Compensation Table, other tables and the accompanying footnotes, and narrative following this section. This compensation discussion and analysis summarizes the material aspects of our compensation programs that we provide to our named executive officers. Our named executive officers for 2022 were: 
 Evan Spiegel, Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer; 
 Derek Andersen, Chief Financial Officer; 
 Jerry Hunter, Chief Operating Officer; 
 Rebecca Morrow, Chief Accounting Officer; 
 Michael O Sullivan, General Counsel; and 
 Jeremi Gorman, former Chief Business Officer. 
 Our board of directors has delegated to the compensation committee the authority and responsibility for reviewing, evaluating, and determining the compensation to be paid to executive officers, overseeing our compensation policies, and administering the compensation plans and programs for our company. 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 General Compensation Philosophy and Objectives 
 Philosophy 
 We seek kind, smart, and creative individuals to accomplish our business goals. Our compensation philosophy supports this objective by attracting the best people to join our company and incentivizing them to innovate, create, and drive long-term results. 
 Today, we compensate our executive officers mostly with equity that vests over multiple years. Our focus on equity compensation encourages executives to operate like owners, linking their interests with the interests of our stockholders. As our company grows, we will continue to evaluate our compensation philosophy and programs to ensure they continue to meet our objectives. 
 Objectives 
 We designed our compensation program for all employees, including our named executive officers, to support four main objectives: 
 recruit and retain the most talented people in a competitive market; 
 reinforce our values, which serve to motivate our employees to deliver the highest level of performance; 
 reward success when both our company and the individual succeed; and 
 align employee and stockholder interests to share in long-term success. 
 Compensation-Setting Process 
 Compensation Committee s Role 
 The compensation committee has overall responsibility for determining the compensation of our executive officers, including our Chief Executive Officer. Members of the compensation committee are appointed by our board of directors. The compensation committee consists of three members of our board of directors: Michael Lynton, Scott D. Miller, and Poppy Thorpe. No member of the compensation committee are, or were in 2022, an executive officer of Snap Inc., and each of them qualifies as an independent director under the NYSE rules. 
 Compensation Consultant s Role 
 The compensation committee has the authority to engage the services of outside consultants. The compensation committee first retained FW Cook, a national compensation consulting firm, in 2017 as its independent compensation consultant. FW Cook reports directly to the compensation committee. 
 In January 2023, our compensation committee reviewed FW Cook s independence under applicable SEC and NYSE rules. Our compensation committee concluded that FW Cook is independent within the meaning of such rules and that its engagement did not present any conflict of interest. 
 Management s Role 
 Management makes recommendations to the compensation committee regarding our compensation programs and policies, and implements the programs and policies approved by the compensation committee. Our Chief Executive Officer makes recommendations to the compensation committee with respect to compensation for our executive officers, including our named executive officers, other than himself. The compensation committee considers our Chief Executive Officer s recommendations, but ultimately has final approval of all compensation for our executive officers, including the types of award and specific amounts. All such determinations by our compensation committee are discretionary. Our co-founders, who serve as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer, respectively, each have base salaries of 1 per year and did not receive any equity awards in 2022. 
 No executive officer participated directly in the final deliberations or determinations regarding his or her own compensation package or was present during such determinations. 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 The compensation committee meets regularly in executive session. Our Chief Executive Officer is not present during compensation committee deliberations or votes on his compensation and also recuses himself from sessions of our board of directors where they act on his compensation. 
 Peer Group 
 We analyze market data for executive compensation periodically using the most relevant published survey sources, information available from public filings, and input from our compensation consultants. In 2022, the compensation committee requested that FW Cook perform a detailed review of our peer group, considering appropriateness of the current peer companies and potential additions based on similarity in market capitalization size and industry. Based on those considerations and FW Cook s review, our compensation committee approved maintaining the same peer group as used in 2021. Our peer group for 2022 consisted of the following companies: 
 Activision Blizzard Match Group Twilio Autodesk Pinterest Twitter Block (formerly Square) Roku Uber DocuSign ServiceNow Workday Etsy Shopify Zillow Group Intuit Spotify Zoom Video 
 We use the peer group as a general reference. In addition to the peer group, we also rely on the knowledge and experience of our compensation committee members and our management in determining the appropriate compensation for our executive officers. 
 Elements of Executive Compensation 
 Our current compensation program generally consists of the following components: 
 base salary; 
 equity-based awards; 
 annual incentive compensation; and 
 other benefits. 
 We combine these elements to formulate compensation packages that provide competitive pay, reward achievement of financial, operational, and strategic objectives, and align the interests of our executive officers with those of our stockholders. The overall use and weight of each compensation element is based on our subjective determination of the importance of each element in meeting our overall objectives, including motivating executive officers with an owner s mentality. 
 Base Salary 
 We review the base salaries of our executive officers annually and may adjust them from time to time, if needed, to reflect changes in market conditions or other factors. Base salaries of our executive officers generally remain below the 50th percentile compared to our peer group, primarily because we compensate our executive officers mostly with equity awards. 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 The table below sets forth information regarding the year-end base salary amounts for 2022 for our named executive officers. Other than Ms. Morr ow, no base salaries were changed for any of our named executive officers in 2022. 
 Name 2022 Base Salary 
 Evan Spiegel 1 Derek Andersen 500,000 Jerry Hunter 500,000 Rebecca Morrow(1) 431,600 Michael O Sullivan 500,000 Jeremi Gorman(2) 500,000 
 (1) Ms. Morrow's annual base salary was increased from 415,000 to 431,600 effective March 27, 2022. 
 (2) Ms. Gorman served as our Chief Business Officer until September 16, 2022. 
 Equity-based Awards 
 The majority of the total compensation for our executive officers, including our named executive officers, is provided through equity awards. By having a significant portion of our executive officers total compensation payable in the form of equity awards that vest over a number of years and are thus subject to higher risk, our executive officers are motivated to align their long-term financial interests with those of our stockholders. 
 We generally issue three forms of equity awards: 
 Restricted Stock Awards . RSAs represent one share of Class A common stock for each award granted, subject to a forfeiture condition, so the value of the RSAs is tied to the performance of our Class A common stock. The forfeiture condition will typically lapse over multiple years, subject to continued service through each lapse date. 
 Restricted Stock Units . RSUs represent the right to receive one share of Class A common stock for each unit granted, subject to a continued service requirement, so the value of the RSUs is tied to the performance of our Class A common stock. RSUs typically vest over multiple years, subject to continued service through each vesting date. 
 RSAs and RSUs align the interests of our executive officers and other employees with those of our stockholders. Because RSAs and RSUs have value to the recipient even in the absence of stock price appreciation, these forms of equity awards help us retain and incentivize employees during periods of market volatility. 
 Stock Options . Stock options are granted with an exercise price based on the market price of Class A common stock on the date of grant (as quoted on the NYSE). The stock options will have value to our executive officers only if the fair market value of our Class A common stock increases after the date of grant, which provides a strong incentive to our executive officers to increase stockholder value. Additionally, stock options typically vest over multiple years, subject to continued service through each vesting date. We view stock options as inherently performance-based and an effective tool to motivate our executive officers to build stockholder value and reinforce our position as a growth company. Although we typically grant RSAs and RSUs to our executive officers, we have granted stock options to our executive officers in limited circumstances. 
 We generally grant larger, one-time new hire equity awards to our executive officers when they start employment with us or are promoted. These initial awards are intended to establish a meaningful equity stake and motivate long-term value creation. While these awards generally cover multiple years, we may also consider providing additional equity grants to our executive officers to ensure appropriate incentives are in place to promote our long-term strategic and financial objectives and help us retain key executive officers. The size of these awards is not determined based on a specific formula, but rather through the exercise of judgment after considering various factors, including compensation provided to other executives with similar responsibilities in our peer group and within our company, the current unvested equity held by such executive officer, the perceived retentive value of the proposed awards, and for new-hires, amounts forfeited when joining our company. We also consider each executive officer s individual performance, including the results and contributions delivered during the year and how they align with our short-term and long-term goals, the executive s leadership of his or her team, the cash compensation received by the executive officer, and feedback received from the executive officer s peers and team. 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 Annual Incentive Compensation 
 In February 2022, our board of directors approved the 2022 Bonus Program, which provided our named executive officers, with the exception of Ms. Morrow, and other eligible employees the opportunity to earn bonuses on the level of achievement of certain company-wide objectives and key results, or Corporate OKRs, from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022. A participant must remain an employee through the payment date under the 2022 Bonus Program to earn a bonus. 
 The Corporate OKRs are approved by the compensation committee. Each Corporate OKR category is assigned a relative weighting by the compensation committee based on recommendations by the Chief Executive Officer, reflecting its importance to the achievement of our Corporate OKRs during the year. 
 Each eligible participant in the 2022 Bonus Program may receive a bonus in an amount up to 100 of su ch participant s annual base salary earned in 2022 . Bonus targets for participants will be correspondingly adjusted downward in the event certain Corporate OKRs are deemed by the compensation committee to have not been fully achieved. The compensation committee also has the right, in its sole discretion, to adjust the bonus target of any participant upward in the event of over-achievement of the Corporate OKRs. 
 The Corporate OKRs consisted of growing the overall business, including growing our community, growing our Snapchat application into monetizable platforms, and investing in partnerships to scale our platforms and content. 
 In January 2023, the compensation committee approved a 20 payment of the bonus target amount to certain of our employees, including our named executive officers, pursuant to the 20 22 Bonus Program. The bonus payment amounts approved by the compensation committee were based on their respective determinations of the degree to which such Corporate OKRs were achieved. 
 Ms. Morrow is eligible to earn a bonus under our performance award program. These bonuses are paid out at our discretion following a review of Ms. Morrow's performance in a given year. In 2022, the amount paid to Ms. Morrow was 259,375. 
 Other Benefits 
 Like other employees, our executive officers, including our named executive officers, are able to participate in our employee benefit and welfare plans, including life and disability insurance, medical and dental care plans, and a 401(k) plan. In 2022, we matched contributions made to our 401(k) plan by our employees up to federal limits, including our named executive officers. All of the named executive off icers, other than Mr. Spiegel, participated in our 401(k) plan. Our executive officers, including our named executive officers, also receive access to an on-call medical service paid for by us. Ms. Gorman and Messrs. Hunter and O Sullivan participated in such on-call medical services in 2022, and we paid applicable tax gross ups related to such services. We generally do not provide our executive officers with additional retirement benefits, pensions, perquisites, or other personal benefits, except as further described in the section titled Summary Compensation Table. In the future, we may provide perquisites or other personal benefits in limited circumstances, such as where we believe it is appropriate to assist an individual executive in the performance of his or her duties, to make our executive team more efficient and effective, and for recruitment, motivation, or retention purposes. All future practices with respect to perquisites or other personal benefits for executives will be subject to review and approval by the compensation committee. 
 Executive Security Policy 
 Based on our overall risk assessment, including the findings of security studies, we have approved an executive security policy that currently provides security for our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer (who is not a named executive officer). The executive security policy may apply to other executive officers as needed. We believe that the personal safety of our executive officers is crucial to our success, and based on our risk assessment, we believe that the cost of the personal security measures for executive officers is an appropriate and necessary business expense. Although we do not consider personal security measures to be a perquisite for the covered executive officer s benefit, we have included the aggregate incremental costs to us, if any, in the All Other Compensation column of the Summary Compensation Table, as applicable. Please see the section titled Summary Compensation Table for additional detail. 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 Change of Control Benefits 
 Some employee equity awards with back-weighted vesting (i.e., 10 /20 /30 /40 vesting), including certain 
 awards held by certain named executive officers, accelerate so that the equity award is evenly-weighted if the employee s 
 employment is involuntarily terminated other than for cause or voluntary termination for good reason following a change 
 of control (i.e., double-trigger ). We ceased issuing back-weighted equity awards in early 2018. Mr. Hunter is the only named executive officer with back-weighted equity vesting in 2022 that could benefit from such a provision, but such equity award was fully vested as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our named executive officers are not entitled to any other change of control benefits or post-employment payments with the limited exception of equity acceleration on a termination due to death. For more detail, please see the section titled Potential Payments Upon Termination, Change in Control, or Death. 
 Tax and Accounting Considerations 
 Deductibility of Executive Compensation 
 Compensation paid to each of our covered employees under Section 162(m) of the Code that exceeds 1 million per taxable year is generally non-deductible. Although our compensation committee will continue to consider tax implications as one factor in determining executive compensation, it also considers other factors in making its decisions and retains the flexibility to provide compensation to our executive officers in a manner that can best promote our corporate objectives. Therefore, we may approve compensation that is not deductible. 
 No Tax Reimbursement of Parachute Payments and Deferred Compensation 
 We did not provide any executive officer, including any named executive officer, with a gross-up or other reimbursement payment for any tax liability that he or she might owe as a result of the application of Sections 280G, 4999, or 409A of the Code during 2022, and we have not agreed and are not otherwise obligated to provide any named executive officer with such a gross-up or other reimbursement. 
 Accounting Treatment 
 We account for stock-based compensation in accordance with the authoritative guidance set forth in Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, or ASC Topic 718, which requires companies to measure and recognize the compensation expense for all share-based awards made to employees and directors, including RSAs, RSUs, and stock options, over the period during which the award recipient is required to perform services in exchange for the award. 
 Compensation Policies and Practices as they Relate to Risk Management 
 Our management team and our compensation committee, with the assistance of our independent compensation consultants, each play a role in evaluating and mitigating any risk that may exist relating to our compensation plans, practices, and policies for all employees, including our named executive officers. In 2022, we reviewed our compensation plans and philosophy and concluded that our compensation programs do not create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse impact on our business or our financial condition. The objective of the review was to identify any compensation plans, practices, or policies that may encourage employees to take unnecessary risk that could threaten our company. No such plans, practices, or policies were identified. The risk assessment process included, among other things, a review of our cash and equity incentive-based compensation plans to ensure that they are aligned with our company performance goals and ensure an appropriate balance between fixed and variable pay components and between short-term and long-term incentives. The base salary component of our compensation program is designed to provide income independent of our stock price performance so that employees will not focus exclusively on stock price performance to the detriment of other important business metrics. The annual bonus component is scored with discretion by the compensation committee so that short-term outcomes are not over-weighted in the final results. The equity-based component of our compensation program is primarily designed to reward employees evenly throughout their tenure, which we believe discourages employees from taking actions that focus only on specific periods. Furthermore, our executive officers typically receive a substantial portion of their equity in the form of RSAs and RSUs, which does not require our stock price to be trading at a certain price for the executive officer to realize value. Executive officer compensation is not tied to any singular performance metric. Additional controls, such as our Code of Conduct and related training, help further mitigate the risks of unethical behavior and inappropriate risk-taking. 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 Hedging and Pledging Prohibition 
 Our insider trading policy prohibits all employees (including our executive officers), members of our board of directors, and consultants from engaging in derivative securities transactions, including hedging, pledging company securities as collateral, holding company securities in a margin account, or other inherently speculative transactions with respect to our capital sto ck. 
 Rule 10b5-1 Sales Plan s 
 Our executive officers and members of our board of directors may adopt written plans, known as Rule 10b5-1 plans, in which they will contract with a broker to buy or sell shares of our capital stock on a periodic basis. Under a Rule 10b5-1 plan, a broker executes trades under parameters established by the individual when entering into the plan, without further direction from them. The director or officer may amend a Rule 10b5-1 plan in some circumstances and may terminate a plan at any time, so long as such termination was made in good faith. The Securities and Exchange Commission recently adopted new rules, effective in late February 2023, with additional requirements for Rule 10b5-1 plans, including "cooling off" periods and limitations on the number of Rule 10b5-1 plans our executive officers and members of our board of directors may have. 
 Compensation Committee Report 
 The compensation committee has reviewed and discussed the compensation discussion and analysis included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K with management and, based on such review and discussions, the compensation committee recommended to our board of directors that the compensation discussion and analysis be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Snap Inc. compensation committee, 
 Michael Lynton (Chairperson) 
 Scott D. Miller 
 Poppy Thorpe 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 The following table presents all of the compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our named executive officers during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Name and Principal Position Year Salary Bonus Stock Awards(1) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation All Other Compensation Total Evan Spiegel 2022 1 2,747,394 (2) 2,747,395 Co-Founder and Chief 2021 1 3,290,615 3,290,616 Executive Officer 2020 1 2,094,431 2,094,432 Derek Andersen 2022 500,000 7,747,984 100,000 (3) 14,964 (4) 8,362,948 Chief Financial Officer 2021 500,000 5,876,814 225,000 14,364 6,616,178 2020 500,000 6,242,566 400,000 24,841 7,167,407 Jerry Hunter(5) 2022 500,000 28,977,743 100,000 (3) 22,125 (6) 29,599,868 Chief Operating Officer 2021 500,000 9,402,903 225,000 12,164 10,140,067 2020 500,000 24,970,262 400,000 20,489 25,890,751 Rebecca Morrow(7) Chief Accounting Officer 2022 427,131 259,375 (8) 921,192 12,682 (9) 1,620,380 Michael O'Sullivan 2022 500,000 4,018,740 100,000 (3) 22,173 (10) 4,640,913 General Counsel 2021 500,000 4,701,451 225,000 21,631 5,448,082 2020 500,000 6,810,086 400,000 17,191 7,727,277 Jeremi Gorman(11) 2022 375,000 6,909,311 (12) 165,662 (13) 7,449,973 Former Chief Business 2021 500,000 5,876,814 225,000 21,631 6,623,445 Officer 2020 500,000 5,675,063 400,000 16,213 6,591,276 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 (1) Amounts reported represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the equity awards without regard to forfeitures, calculated in accordance with ASC Topic 718. These amounts do not reflect the actual economic value realized by the named executive officers. For a discussion of the valuation of the equity awards, including the assumptions used, see Notes 1 and 4 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements. 
 (2) Amount reported includes (a) 2,136,341 for security for Mr. Spiegel, (b) 122,676 of imputed income relating to incremental costs of family or guests accompanying Mr. Spiegel on business flights that Mr. Spiegel cannot reimburse under the Federal Aviation Regulations, (c) 488,371 in incremental costs for personal flights not reimbursed by Mr. Spiegel, and (d) 6 in life insurance premiums paid by us on behalf of Mr. Spiegel. 
 (3) Represents amounts earned under the 2022 Bonus Program for performance from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022. Amounts under the 2022 Bonus Program will be paid in March 2022. See Elements of Executive Compensation Annual Incentive Compensation. 
 (4) Amount reported includes (a) 12,200 in 401(k) plan matching contributions by us, (b) life insurance premiums paid by us on behalf of Mr. Andersen, and (c contributions by the Company to Mr. Andersen s health savings account. Amounts not quantified above total le ss than 10,000 in aggregate. 
 (5) Mr. Hunter was promoted to Chief Operating Officer effective August 30, 2022. 
 (6) Amount reported includes (a) 12,200 in 401(k) plan matching contributions by us, (b) life insurance premiums paid by us on behalf of Mr. Hunter, (c) 5,000 in medical on-call services paid by us on behalf of Mr. Hunter, and (d) tax gross up payments paid to Mr. Hunter to cover the imputed income associated with the medical on-call services. Amounts not quantified above total less than 10,000 in aggregate. 
 (7) Ms. Morrow was not a named executive officer in fiscal years 2021 or 2020. 
 (8) Represents amount awarded under the company's performance award program. 
 (9) Amount reported includes (a) 12,200 in 401(k) plan matching contributions by us, and (b) life insurance premiums paid by us on behalf of Ms. Morrow. Amounts not quantified above total less than 10,000 in aggregate. 
 (10) Amount reported includes (a) 12,200 in 401(k) plan matching contributions by us, (b) life insurance premiums paid by us on behalf of Mr. O Sullivan, (c) 5,000 in medical on-call services paid by us on behalf of Mr. O'Sullivan, and (d) tax gross up payments paid to Mr. O'Sullivan to cover the imputed income associated with the medical on-call services. Amounts not quantified above total less than 10,000 in aggregate. 
 (11) Ms. Gorman served as Chief Business Officer until September 16, 2022. 
 (12) 2,002,360 of the amount reported is the aggregate modification date fair value of previously granted equity awards in accordance with ASC Topic 718, and does not reflect a new award or the actual economic value that may be realized by Ms. Gorman. 
 (13) Amount reported includes (a) 145,833 pursuant to the August 2022 transition agreement we entered with Ms. Gorman, in which we agreed to pay Ms. Gorman her salary that she would have earned had she remained our Chief Business Officer through December 31, 2022, b) 9,921 in 401(k) plan matching contributions by us, (c) life insurance premiums paid by us on behalf of Ms. Gorman, (d) 5,000 in medical on-call services paid by us on behalf of Ms. Gorman, and (e) tax gross up payments paid to Ms. Gorman to cover the imputed income associated with the medical on-call services. Amounts not quantified above total less than 10,000 in aggregate. 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2022 
 The following table provides information regarding grants of incentive plan-based awards made to each of our named executive officers during 2022 under our 2017 Plan. No named executive officer was granted options in 2022. 
 Name Grant Date All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares of Stock or Units(1) Grant Date Fair Value of Stock Awards(2) Evan Spiegel Derek Andersen 2/2/2022 141,731 4,545,314 5/11/2022 77,830 1,699,807 11/28/2022 152,730 1,502,863 Jerry Hunter 2/2/2022 167,188 5,361,719 5/11/2022 113,982 2,489,367 8/31/2022 1,789,697 19,471,904 11/28/2022 168,166 1,654,753 Rebecca Morrow 5/11/2022 33,019 721,135 11/28/2022 20,331 200,057 Michael O Sullivan 2/2/2022 83,594 2,680,860 5/11/2022 56,992 1,244,705 11/28/2022 9,469 93,175 Jeremi Gorman 2/2/2022 104,493 3,351,091 5/11/2022 71,239 1,555,860 
 (1) Except as indicated below, equity awards vest and the forfeiture condition lapses only on the satisfaction of a service-based vesting condition. If an employee dies while in service, the service-based vesting condition as to 100 of his or her shares subject to the award will be satisfied. 
 (2) The dollar amounts reflect the grant date fair value of the equity awards without regard to forfeitures, calculated in accordance with ASC Topic 718. These amounts do not reflect the actual economic value realized by the named executive officers. For a discussion of the valuation of the equity awards, see Notes 1 and 4 of the no tes to our consolidated financial statements. 

126 

Table of Contents 

 Outstanding Equity Awards as of December 31, 2022 
 The following table presents information regarding outstanding equity awards held by our named executive officers as of December 31, 2022. All awards are for Class A common stock and were granted under our 2017 Plan. 
 Stock Awards Option Awards Name Grant Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested(#)(1) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested( )(2) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable(1) Option Exercise Price Option Expiration Date Evan Spiegel Derek Andersen 3/4/2019 1,266 (3) 11,331 5/16/2019 93,750 (4) 839,062 2/18/2020 297,469 (5) 2,662,348 2/3/2021 99,170 (6) 887,572 2/2/2022 125,392 (7) 1,122,258 5/11/2022 77,830 (8) 696,579 11/28/2022 99,193 (9) 887,777 Jerry Hunter 5/16/2019 31,250 (10) 279,687 700,000 14.72 12/29/2027 2/18/2020 528,835 (11) 4,733,073 2/3/2021 158,672 (6) 1,420,114 2/2/2022 167,188 (12) 1,496,333 5/11/2022 113,982 (13) 1,020,139 8/31/2022 1,652,028 (14) 14,785,651 11/28/2022 140,782 (9) 1,259,999 Rebecca Morrow 9/10/2019 68,750 (15) 615,313 5/13/2020 6,572 (16) 58,819 5/12/2021 19,772 (17) 176,959 5/11/2022 33,019 (18) 295,520 11/28/2022 16,265 (9) 145,572 Michael O Sullivan 5/16/2019 93,750 (10) 839,063 2/18/2020 264,418 (19) 2,366,541 2/3/2021 79,336 (6) 710,057 2/2/2022 83,594 (12) 748,167 5/11/2022 56,992 (20) 510,078 Jeremi Gorman 
 (1) Each of our named executive officers, other than Mr. Spiegel, holds equity awards that only vest, or the forfeiture condition only lapses, on the satisfaction of a service-based condition. The service-based condition for each of our named executiv e officers is further described below. If an executive officer dies while in our service, the service-based condition as to 100 of his or her shares subject to the award will be satisfied. 
 (2) The market value is based on the closing price of our Class A common stock on December 31, 2022, which was 8.95. 
 (3) The service-based condition for these RSUs is satisfied in 48 equal monthly installments after each month of continuous service from February 15, 2019. 
 (4) The service-based condition will be satisfied, and the forfeiture condition will lapse, as to 1/16th of the shares underlying this RSA after each quarter of continuous service from June 15, 2019. 
 (5) The service-based condition will be satisfied, and the forfeiture condition will lapse for this RSA as follows (in each case subject to continued service through each date): 18.2 of the RSAs in equal quarterly installments during the 12-month period following November 15, 2021; and 81.8 of the RSAs in equal quarterly installments during the 12-month period following November 15, 2022. 
 (6) The service-based condition will be satisfied, and the forfeiture condition will lapse as to 1/4th of the shares underlying this RSA on March 15, 2024, subject to continuous service by the executive officer through such date. Thereafter, the service-based condition will be satisfied, and the forfeiture condition will lapse as to 1/4th of the shares underlying this RSA after each quarter of continuous service by such executive officer from March 15, 2024. 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 (7) The service-based condition for these RSUs is satisfied as follows (in each case subject to continued service through each vesting date): 10,450 of these RSUs in equal quarterly installments during the 12-month period following December 15, 2023; and 114,942 of these RSUs in equal quarterly installments during the 12-month period following December 15, 2024. 
 (8) The service-based condition for these RSUs is satisfied as follows (in each case subject to continued service through each vesting date): 41,576 of these RSUs shall vest in equal quarterly installments during the 12-month period following December 15, 2023; and 36,254 of these RSUs shall vest in equal quarterly installments during the 12-month period following December 15, 2024. 
 (9) The service-based condition for these RSUs is satisfied in equal quarterly installments after each quarter of continuous service during the 12-month period following December 15, 2022. 
 (10) The service-based condition will be satisfied, and the forfeiture condition will lapse, as to 1/16th of the shares underlying this RSA after each quarter of continuous service from May 15, 2019. 
 (11) The service-based condition will be satisfied, and the forfeiture condition will lapse for this RSA as follows (in each case subject to continued service through each date): 27.2 of the RSAs in equal quarterly installments during the 12-month period following November 15, 2020; 36.4 of the RSAs in equal quarterly installments during the 12-month period following November 15, 2021; and 36.4 of the RSAs in equal quarterly installments during the 12-month period following November 15, 2022. 
 (12) The service-based condition for these RSUs is satisfied in equal quarterly installments after each quarter of continuous service during the 12-month period following/from December 15, 2024. 
 (13) The service-based condition for these RSUs is satisfied as follows (in each case subject to continued service through each vesting date): 61,249 of these RSUs in equal quarterly installments during the 12-month period following December 15, 2023; and 52,733 of these RSUs in equal quarterly installments during the 12-month period following December 15, 2024. 
 (14) The service-based condition for these RSUs is satisfied in equal quarterly installments after each quarter of continuous service during the 39-month period following September 15, 2022. 
 (15) The service-based condition will be satisfied, and the forfeiture condition will lapse, as to 1/16th of the shares underlying this RSA after each quarter of continuous service from October 15, 2019. 
 (16) The service-based condition will be satisfied, and the forfeiture condition will lapse, as to 1/16th of the shares underlying this RSA after each quarter of continuous service from April 15, 2020. 
 (17) The service-based condition will be satisfied, and the forfeiture condition will lapse for this RSA as follows (in each case subject to continued service through each date): 25 of the RSAs on March 15, 2024; 25 of the RSAs on June 15, 2024; 25 of the RSAs on September 15, 2024; and 25 of the RSAs on December 15, 2024. 
 (18) The service-based condition for these RSUs is satisfied as follows (in each case subject to continued service through each vesting date): 5,528 of these RSUs in equal quarterly installments during the 12-month period following December 15, 2023; and 27,491 of these RSUs in equal quarterly installments during the 12-month period following December 15, 2024. 
 (19) The service-based condition will be satisfied, and the forfeiture condition will lapse for this RSA as follows (in each case subject to continued service through each date): 33.3 of the RSAs in equal quarterly installments during the 12-month period following November 15, 2021; and 66.7 of the RSAs in equal quarterly installments during the 12-month period following November 15, 2022. 
 (20) The service-based condition for these RSUs is satisfied as follows (in each case subject to continued service through each vesting date): 30,625 of these RSUs in equal quarterly installments during the 12-month period following December 15, 2023; and 26,367 of these RSUs in equal quarterly installments during the 12-month period following December 15, 2024. 

128 

Table of Contents 

Option Exercises and Stock Vested 
 The following table presents information regarding the vesting or lapse of the forfeiture condition during 2022 of RSUs and RSAs previously granted to the named executive officers. No named executive officer exercised options during 2022. 
 Stock Awards Name Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting (#) Value Realized on Vesting )(1) Evan Spiegel Derek Andersen 455,766 8,561,719 Jerry Hunter 791,376 16,111,423 Rebecca Morrow 77,197 1,770,108 Michael O Sullivan 329,178 7,292,405 Jeremi Gorman 799,990 16,791,290 
 (1) The value realized is based on the closing price of our Class A common stock on the vesting date. 
 Pension Benefits 
 Other than our 401(k) plan, our named executive officers did not participate in, or otherwise receive any benefits under, any pension or retirement plan sponsored by us during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Non-qualified Deferred Compensation 
 Our named executive officers did not participate in, or earn any benefits under, a non-qualified deferred compensation plan sponsored by us during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Employment, Severance, and Change in Control Agreements 
 Employment Agreements and Offer Letters 
 We have employment agreements or offer letters with each of our executive officers. Except as otherwise described below, the employment agreements and offer letters generally provide for at-will employment and set forth the executive officer s initial base salary, eligibility for employee benefits, and confirmation of the terms of previously issued equity grants, if applicable, including in some cases severance benefits on a qualifying termination of employment. If an executive officer dies, all outstanding equity awards will be deemed to satisfy the service-based requirement. In addition, each of our named executive officers has executed our standard proprietary information and inventions agreement. The key terms of employment with our executive officers are described below. 
 Evan Spiegel and Robert Murphy 
 In July 2022, we entered into employment agreements with Evan Spiegel, our co-founder and Chief Executive Officer, and Robert Murphy, our co-founder and Chief Technology Officer, with respect to their continuing employment with us. The annual base salary for each of Messrs. Spiegel and Murphy as of December 31, 2022 was 1. The employment agreements are each effective as of January 1, 2022, and will have an initial term of five years, subject to automatic renewals for successive five year periods unless earlier terminated as provided in their respective employment agreements. 
 In July 2022, our board of directors determined that it was advisable and in our best interest to approve the Future Stock Split. In connection with the Future Stock Split, we entered into the Co-Founder Agreements with each of Messrs. Spiegel and Murphy, and certain of their respective affiliates requiring them, among other things, to convert shares of Class B common stock and Class C common stock into Class A common stock under certain circumstances. 
 The Future Stock Split will be not be declared and paid until the later of (i) June 30, 2023 and (ii) the first business day following the date on which the average of the volume weighted average price per share of Class A common stock 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 equals or exceeds 40 per share for 65 consecutive trading days. If this does not occur by July 21, 2032, the Future Stock Split will not be declared and paid, and the Co-Founder Agreements will terminate. 
 Derek Andersen 
 In May 2019, we entered into an amended and restated offer letter agreement with Derek Andersen, our Chief Financial Officer, with respect to his continuing employment with us. Mr. Andersen s annual base salary as of December 31, 2022 was 500,000. 
 Jeremi Gorman 
 In October 2018, we entered into an offer letter agreement with Jeremi Gorman, our former Chief Business Officer, with respect to her employment with us. 
 In August 2022, we entered into a transition agreement with Ms. Gorman. Under the transition agreement, following the execution of a standard release, Ms. Gorman's outstanding equity awards that were scheduled to vest pursuant to a monthly schedule through December 31, 2022, and salary had she remained our Chief Business Officer through December 31, 2022, were each accelerated. 
 Jerry Hunter 
 In October 2020, we entered into an amended and restated offer letter agreement with Jerry Hunter, our Chief Operating Officer, with respect to his continuing employment with us. Mr. Hunter s annual base salary as of December 31, 2022 was 500,000. 
 Rebecca Morrow 
 In July 2019, we entered into an offer letter agreement with Rebecca Morrow, our Chief Accounting Officer, with respect to her employment with us. Ms. Morrow s annual base salary as of December 31, 2022 was 431,600. 
 Michael O Sullivan 
 In July 2017, we entered into an offer letter agreement with Michael O Sullivan, our General Counsel, with respect to his employment with us. Mr. O Sullivan s annual base salary as of December 31, 2022 was 500,000. 
 Potential Payments upon Termination, Change in Control, or Death 
 Currently, no named executive officer is entitled to any payments upon a termination of employment or a resignation, in each case, following a change of control of our company. 
 No named executive officer is also entitled to any payments following a resignation for good reason, other than Mr. Spiegel. If Mr. Spiegel resigns for good reason as an employee and member of our board of directors, then Mr. Spiegel is entitled to continue receiving his existing aircraft usage and security benefits provided by us, in each case, subject to the terms of his employment agreement entered into with us in July 2022. 
 130 

Table of Contents 

 The table below reflects amounts that wou ld have been received by each named executive officer assuming that his or her employment was terminated due to his or her death on December 31, 2022. 
 Name Accelerated Vesting of Stock Awards(1) Evan Spiegel Derek Andersen 7,106,927 Jerry Hunter 24,994,996 Rebecca Morrow 1,292,183 Michael O Sullivan 5,173,906 Jeremi Gorman 
 (1) The amount reported reflects the aggregate value, based on the closing price of our Class A common stock of 8.95 on December 31, 2022, of the unvested equity awards that would be accelerated. 
 Employee Benefit Plans 
 We believe that our ability to grant equity-based awards is a valuable and necessary compensation tool that aligns the long-term financial interests of our employees, consultants, and directors with the financial interests of our stockholders. In addition, we believe that our ability to grant equity-based awards helps us to attract, retain, and motivate employees, consultants, and directors, and encourages them to devote their best efforts to our business and financial success. The principal features of our equity incentive plans and our 401(k) plan are summarized below. These summaries are qualified in their entirety by reference to the actual text of the plans. 
 401(k) Plan and Similar Plans 
 We maintain a safe harbor 401(k) plan that provides eligible U.S. employees with an opportunity to save for retirement on a tax advantaged basis. Eligible employees are able to defer eligible compensation up to certain Code limits, which are updated annually. We have the ability to make matching and discretionary contributions to the 401(k) plan. Currently, we match 100 of each participant s contribution up to a maximum of 3 of the participant s eligible compensation paid during the period, and also match 50 of each participant s contribution between 3 and 5 of the participant s eligible compensation paid during the period. Contributions are allocated to each participant s individual account and are then invested in selected investment alternatives according to the participants directions. Employees are immediately and fully vested in their own contributions and our contributions. The 401(k) plan is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code, with the related trust intended to be tax exempt under Section 501(a) of the Code. As a tax-qualified retirement plan, contributions to the 401(k) plan are deductible by us when made, and contributions and earnings on those amounts are not taxable to the employees until withdrawn or distributed from the 401(k) plan. 
 Similar plans outside the United States, some of which are government mandated, cover employees of certain of our international subsidiaries. Several of these plans allow us to match, on a voluntary basis, a portion of the employee contributions. 
 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Our board of directors adopted our 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, or our 2017 Plan, in January 2017, and our stockholders approved our 2017 Plan in February 2017. Our 2017 Plan became effective once the registration statement in connection with our initial public offering was declared effective in March 2017. Our 2017 Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options to employees, including employees of any parent or subsidiary, and for the grant of nonstatutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, performance stock awards, performance cash awards, and other forms of stock awards to employees, directors, and consultants, including employees and consultants of our affiliates. The 2017 Plan is the successor to our 2012 Equity Incentive Plan and 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, each of which is described below, or, together, the Prior Plans. 
 Authorized Shares. The maximum number of shares of our Class A common stock that may be issued under our 2017 Plan as of December 31, 2022 is 157,768,323. The number of shares of our Class A common stock reserved for issuance under our 2017 Plan will automatically increase on January 1st of each calendar year, starting on January 1, 2018 
 131 

Table of Contents 

 through January 1, 2027, in an amount equal to 5.0 of the total number of shares of our capital stock outstanding on the last day of the calendar month before the date of each automatic increase, or a lesser number of shares determined by our board of directors. The maximum number of shares of our Class A common stock that may be issued on the exercise of incentive stock options under our 2017 Plan is three times the share reserve under the 2017 Plan. 
 Shares subject to stock awards granted unde r our 2017 Plan that expire or terminate without being exercised in full, or that are paid out in cash rather than in shares, do not reduce the number of shares available for issuance under our 2017 Plan. Additionally, shares become available for future grant under our 2017 Plan if they were issued under stock awards under our 2017 Plan and if we repurchase them or they are forfeited. This includes shares used to pay the exercise price of a stock award or to satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to a stock award. 
 Corporate Transactions . Our 2017 Plan provides that in the event of certain specified significant corporate transactions, including: (1) a sale of all or substantially all of our assets, (2) the sale or disposition of more than 50 of our outstanding securities, (3) the consummation of a merger or consolidation where we do not survive the transaction, and (4) the consummation of a merger or consolidation where we do survive the transaction but the shares of our common stock outstanding before such transaction are converted or exchanged into other property by virtue of the transaction, unless otherwise provided in an award agreement or other written agreement between us and the award holder, the administrator may take one or more of the following actions with respect to such stock awards: 
 arrange for the assumption, continuation, or substitution of a stock award by a successor corporation; 
 arrange for the assignment of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by us to a successor corporation; 
 accelerate the vesting, in whole or in part, of the stock award and provide for its termination before the transaction; 
 arrange for the lapse, in whole or in part, of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by us; 
 cancel or arrange for the cancellation of the stock award before the transaction in exchange for a cash payment, or no payment, as determined by the board of directors; or 
 make a payment, in the form determined by our board of directors, equal to the excess, if any, of the value of the property the participant would have received on exercise of the awards before the transaction over any exercise price payable by the participant in connection with the exercise. 
 The plan administrator is not obligated to treat all stock awards or portions of stock awards, even those that are of the same type, in the same manner and is not obligated to treat all participants in the same manner. 
 In the event of a change in control, awards granted under the 2017 Plan will not receive automatic acceleration of vesting and exercisability, although this treatment may be provided for in an award agreement. Under the 2017 Plan, a change in control is defined to include: (1) the acquisition by any person or company of more than 50 of the combined voting power of our then outstanding stock, (2) a merger, consolidation, or similar transaction in which our stockholders immediately before the transaction do not own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of the combined voting power of the surviving entity (or the parent of the surviving entity), (3) a sale, lease, exclusive license, or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets other than to an entity more than 50 of the combined voting power of which is owned by our stockholders, and (4) an unapproved change in the majority of the board of directors. 
 Plan Amendment or Termination . Our board of directors has the authority to amend, suspend, or terminate our 2017 Plan, provided that such action does not materially impair the existing rights of any participant without such participant s written consent. Certain material amendments also require the approval of our stockholders. No incentive stock options may be granted after the tenth anniversary of the date our board of directors adopted our 2017 Plan. No stock awards may be granted under our 2017 Plan while it is suspended or after it is terminated. 
 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Our board of directors adopted, and our stockholders approved, our 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, or our 2014 Plan, in September 2014. Our 2014 Plan was amended most recently in October 2016. Our 2014 Plan allows for the grant of incentive stock options to employees, including employees of any parent or subsidiary, and for the grant of nonstatutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, and restricted stock units to employees, directors, and consultants, including employees and consultants of our affiliates. 
 132 

Table of Contents 

 Our 2017 Plan became effective once the registration statement in connection with our initial public offering was declared effective in March 2017. As a result, we do not expect to grant any additional awards under the 2014 Plan following that date, other than awards for up to 2,500,000 shares of Class A common stock to our employees and consultants in France. Any awards granted under the 2014 Plan will remain subject to the terms of our 2014 Plan and applicable award agreements. 
 Authorized Shares . The ma ximum number of shares of our Class A common stock that may be issued under our 2014 Plan is 166,164,100, minus the number of shares of our Class B common stock issued after September 4, 2014 under our 2012 Plan. In addition to the share reserve, an additional 53,357,397 shares of Class A common stock are reserved under the 2014 Plan in connection with the distribution of shares of Class A common stock provided as a dividend to the holders of all preferred stock and common stock outstanding on October 31, 2016. The maximum number of shares of Class A common stock that may be issued on the exercise of incentive stock options under our 2014 Plan is three t imes such maximum number of shares. Shares subject to stock awards granted under our 2014 Plan that expire, are forfeited, or terminate without being exercised in full or are settled in cash do not reduce the number of shares available for issuance under our 2014 Plan. Additionally, shares used to pay the exercise price of a stock award or to satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to a stock award become available for future grant under our 2014 Plan, although such shares may not be subsequently issued pursuant to the exercise of an incentive stock option. 
 Corporate Transactions . Our 2014 Plan provides that in the event of certain specified significant corporate transactions, generally including: (1) a sale of all or substantially all of our assets, (2) the sale or disposition of at least 90 of our outstanding securities, (3) the consummation of a merger or consolidation where we do not survive the transaction, and (4) the consummation of a merger or consolidation where we do survive the transaction but the shares of common stock outstanding before such transaction are converted or exchanged into other property by virtue of the transaction, unless otherwise provided in an award agreement or other written agreement between us and the award holder, the administrator may take one or more of the following actions with respect to such stock awards: (i) arrange for the assumption, continuation or substitution of a stock award by a successor corporation, (ii) arrange for the assignment of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by us to a successor corporation, (iii) accelerate the vesting, in whole or in part, of the stock award and provide for its termination before the transaction, (iv) arrange for the lapse, in whole or in part, of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by us, (v) cancel or arrange for the cancellation of the stock award before the transaction in exchange for a cash payment, if any, determined by the board of directors, or (vi) make a payment, in the form determined by the board of directors, equal to the excess, if any, of the value of the property the participant would have received on exercise of the stock award before the transaction over any exercise price payable by the participant in connection with the exercise. The plan administrator is not obligated to treat all stock awards, even those that are of the same type, or all participants, in the same manner. 
 In the event of a change in control, awards granted under the 2014 Plan will not receive automatic acceleration of vesting and exercisability, although the board of directors may provide for this treatment in an award agreement. Under the 2014 Plan, a change in control is defined to include: (1) the acquisition by any person of more than 50 of the combined voting power of our then outstanding stock, (2) a merger, consolidation, or similar transaction in which our stockholders immediately before the transaction do not own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of the combined voting power of the surviving entity (or the parent of the surviving entity), (3) our stockholders approve or our board of directors approves a plan of complete dissolution or liquidation or a complete dissolution or liquidation otherwise occurs except for a liquidation into a parent corporation, and (4) a sale, lease, exclusive license, or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets to an entity that did not previously hold more than 50 of the voting power of our stock. 
 Plan Amendment or Termination . Our board of directors has the authority to amend, suspend, or terminate our 2014 Plan, although certain material amendments require the approval of our stockholders, and amendments that would impair the rights of any participant require the consent of that participant. 
 2012 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Our board of directors adopted our 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, or our 2012 Plan, in May 2012, and our stockholders approved our 2012 Plan in August 2012. Our 2012 Plan was amended most recently in October 2016. Our 2012 Plan allows for the grant of incentive stock options to employees, including employees of any parent or subsidiary, and for the grant of nonstatutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, and restricted stock units to our employees, directors, and consultants, including employees and consultants of our affiliates. 
 133 

Table of Contents 

 Our 2017 Plan became effective once the registration statement in connection with our initial public offering was declared effective in March 2017. As a result, we do not expect to grant any additional awards under the 2012 Plan following that date. Any awards granted under the 2012 Plan will remain subject to the terms of our 2012 Plan and applicable award agreements. 
 Authorized Shares . The maximum number of shares of our Class B common stock that may be issued under our 2012 Plan is 91,292,140, minus the number of shares of our Class A common stock issued after September 4, 2014 under our 2014 Plan. In addition to the share reserve, an additional 50,022,362 s hares of Class A common stock are reserved under the 2012 Plan in connection with the Class A Dividend, one share of which will be issued if and when a share from the share reserve is issued in connection with the settlement or exercise of a stock award that was outstanding as of October 31, 2016. The maximum number of shares of Class B common stock that may be issued on the exercise of incentive stock options under our 2012 Plan is such maximum number of shares. Shares subject to stock awards granted under our 2012 Plan that expire, are forfeited, or terminate without being exercised in full or are settled in cash do not reduce the number of shares available for issuance under our 2012 Plan. Additionally, shares used to pay the exercise price of a stock award or to satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to a stock award become available for future grant under our 2012 Plan, although such shares may not be subsequently issued pursuant to the exercise of an incentive stock option. 
 Corporate Transactions . Our 2012 Plan provides that in the event of certain specified significant corporate transactions, generally including: (1) a sale of all or substantially all of our assets, (2) the sale or disposition of at least 90 of our outstanding securities, (3) the consummation of a merger or consolidation where we do not survive the transaction, and (4) the consummation of a merger or consolidation where we do survive the transaction but the shares of common stock outstanding before such transaction are converted or exchanged into other property by virtue of the transaction, unless otherwise provided in an award agreement or other written agreement between us and the award holder, the administrator may take one or more of the following actions with respect to such stock awards: (i) arrange for the assumption, continuation, or substitution of a stock award by a successor corporation, (ii) arrange for the assignment of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by us to a successor corporation, (iii) accelerate the vesting, in whole or in part, of the stock award and provide for its termination before the transaction, (iv) arrange for the lapse, in whole or in part, of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by us, (v) cancel or arrange for the cancellation of the stock award before the transaction in exchange for a cash payment, if any, determined by the board of directors, or (vi) make a payment, in the form determined by the board of directors, equal to the excess, if any, of the value of the property the participant would have received on exercise of the stock award before the transaction over any exercise price payable by the participant in connection with the exercise. The plan administrator is not obligated to treat all stock awards, even those that are of the same type, or all participants, in the same manner. 
 In the event of a change in control, awards granted under the 2012 Plan will not receive automatic acceleration of vesting and exercisability, although the board of directors may provide for this treatment in an award agreement. Under the 2012 Plan, a change in control is defined to include: (1) the acquisition by any person of more than 50 of the combined voting power of our then outstanding stock, (2) a merger, consolidation, or similar transaction in which our stockholders immediately before the transaction do not own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of the combined voting power of the surviving entity (or the parent of the surviving entity), (3) our stockholders approve or our board of directors approves a plan of complete dissolution or liquidation or a complete dissolution or liquidation otherwise occurs except for a liquidation into a parent corporation, and (4) a sale, lease, exclusive license, or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets to an entity that did not previously hold more than 50 of the voting power of our stock. 
 Plan Amendment or Termination . Our board of directors has the authority to amend, suspend, or terminate our 2012 Plan, although certain material amendments require the approval of our stockholders, and amendments that would impair the rights of any participant require the consent of that participant. 
 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Our board of directors adopted our 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or ESPP, in January 2017 and our stockholders approved our ESPP in February 2017. Our ESPP became effective when the registration statement in connection with our initial public offering was declared effective in March 2017. The purpose of the ESPP is to secure the services of new employees, to retain the services of existing employees, and to provide incentives for such individuals to exert maximum efforts toward our success and that of our affiliates. The ESPP is intended to qualify as an employee stock purchase plan within the meaning of Section 423 of the Code for U.S. employees. In addition, the ESPP authorizes grants of purchase rights that do not comply with Section 423 of the Code under a separate non-423 component. In particular, 
 134 

Table of Contents 

 where such purchase rights are granted to employees who are foreign nationals or employed or located outside the United States, our board of directors may adopt rules that are beyond the scope of Section 423 of the Code. 
 Share Reserve . The ESPP authorizes the issuance of 16,484,690 shares of our Class A common stock under purchase rights granted to our employees or to employees of any of our designated affiliates. The number of shares of our Class A common stock reserved for issuance will automatically increase on January 1st of each calendar year, beginning on January 1, 2018 through January 1, 2027, by the lesser of (1) 1.0 of the total number of shares of our common stock outstanding on the last day of the calendar month before the date of the automatic increase, and (2) 15,000,000 shares; provided that before the date of any such increase, our board of directors may determine that such increase will be less than the amount set forth in clauses (1) and (2). As of December 31, 2022, no shares of our Class A common stock have been purchased under the ESPP. 
 Corporate Transactions . In the event of certain significant corporate transactions, including: (1) a sale of all or substantially all of our assets, (2) the sale or disposition of 90 of our outstanding securities, (3) the consummation of a merger or consolidation where we do not survive the transaction, and (4) the consummation of a merger or consolidation where we do survive the transaction but the shares of our common stock outstanding immediately before such transaction are converted or exchanged into other property by virtue of the transaction, any then-outstanding rights to purchase our stock under the ESPP may be assumed, continued, or substituted for by any surviving or acquiring entity (or its parent company). If the surviving or acquiring entity (or its parent company) elects not to assume, continue, or substitute for such purchase rights, then the participants accumulated payroll contributions will be used to purchase shares of our common stock within ten business days before such corporate transaction, and such purchase rights will terminate immediately. 
 ESPP Amendment or Termination . Our board of directors has the authority to amend or terminate our ESPP, provided that except in certain circumstances such amendment or termination may not materially impair any outstanding purchase rights without the holder s consent. We will obtain stockholder approval of any amendment to our ESPP as required by applicable law or listing requirements. 
 Limitations on Liability and Indemnification Matters 
 Our certificate of incorporation contains provisions that limit the liability of our current and former directors and officers for monetary damages to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Delaware law provides that directors and officers of a corporation will not be personally liable for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duties as directors, except liability for: 
 any breach of the director s or officer's duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders; 
 any act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; 
 unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions; or 
 any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. 
 Such limitation of liability does not apply to liabilities arising under federal securities laws and does not affect the availability of equitable remedies such as injunctive relief or rescission. In addition, Delaware courts could find certain of these limitations of liability in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action. 
 Our certificate of incorporation authorizes us to indemnify our directors, officers, employees, and other agents to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Our bylaws provide that we are required to indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law and may indemnify our other employees and agents. Our bylaws also provide that, on satisfaction of certain conditions, we will advance expenses incurred by a director or officer in advance of the final disposition of any action or proceeding, and permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director, employee, or other agent for any liability arising out of his or her actions in that capacity regardless of whether we would otherwise be permitted to indemnify him or her under the provisions of Delaware law. We have entered into, and expect to continue to enter into agreements to indemnify our directors, executive officers, and other employees as determined by the board of directors. With certain exceptions, these agreements provide for indemnification for related expenses including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, and settlement amounts incurred by any of these individuals in any action or proceeding. We believe that these certificate of incorporation and bylaw provisions and indemnification agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. We also maintain customary directors and officers liability insurance. 
 135 

Table of Contents 

 The limitation of liability and indemnification provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, if permitted by applicable law, may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors or officers for breach of their fiduciary duty. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors and officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit us and other stockholders. Further, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent that we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers as required by these indemnification provisions. 
 Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted for directors, executive officers, or persons controlling us, we have been informed that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceab le. 
 Director Compensation 
 Under our non-employee director compensation policy, our non-employee directors receive an annual retainer for service on our board of directors and an additional retainer is provided to individuals who serve as chair of a committee or the board of directors. We also currently reimburse our directors for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in connection with attending board of directors and committee meetings. 
 Our non-employee director compensation policy provides that each non-employee director receives the following compensation for board of directors and committee services: 
 an annual retainer for board of director membership of 75,000, paid in cash; 
 an annual retainer of 75,000 for chairing the board of directors, paid in cash; 
 an annual retainer of 25,000 for chairing the audit committee, 20,000 for chairing the compensation committee, and 10,000 for chairing the nominating and corporate governance committee, each paid in cash; and 
 an annual grant of equity with a fair market value as of the date of grant of 250,000, comprised of 50 in RSUs vesting after one year, and 50 in stock options vesting after one year. 
 All annual cash retainers will be paid quarterly in arrears. Additionally, in the event of a change to the designated chair for a committee, the annual cash retainer for chairing such committee will be prorated based on the number of days the chair held the position. The annual grants of equity described above are subject to pro-rata acceleration on a director s discontinued service on our board of directors and automatic full acceleration in the event of a change in control, as defined in the 2017 Plan. 
 Non-employee directors are also encouraged to accumulate stock ownership equal in value to five times the annual retainer for board of director membership within the later of five years from the effective date of the non-employee director compensation policy or each non-employee director s initial election to serve on the board of directors. Previously owned and vested stock and shares held in trust for the benefit of the non-employee director or his or her immediate family members are counted for purposes of determining stock ownership. 
 Director Compensation Table 
 The following table sets forth information concerning the compensation paid to our directors who are not named executive officers during the year ended December 31, 2022. The compensation received by Mr. Spiegel as an employee of our company is presented in Executive Compensation Summary Compensation Table. 
 In 2022, we paid fees and made equity awards to our non-employee directors. We granted each non-employee director (a) RSUs for 9,114 shares of Class A common stock under our 2017 Plan and (b) options to purchase 14,864 shares of Class A common stock under our 2017 Plan. The service-based vesting condition will be fully satisfied for the RSUs and options on July 20, 2023. If a director s service ceases before July 20, 2023, vesting of the RSUs and options will be accelerated pro rata, based on the number of months of service provided by such director. In addition, in the event of a change in control, the service-based vesting condition of the RSUs and options will be deemed satisfied for 100 of the RSUs and options that have not yet satisfied the service-based vesting condition, immediately before the closing of such change in control. 
 136 

Table of Contents 

 Mr. Murphy did not receive compensation for his service as a director. 
 Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash Stock Awards(1)(5) Option Awards(1)(5) Total Michael Lynton 198,333 141,358 125,006 464,697 Kelly Coffey 87,500 141,358 125,006 353,864 Joanna Coles 97,500 141,358 125,006 363,864 Liz Jenkins 108,333 141,358 125,006 374,697 Stanley Meresman 95,834 141,358 125,006 362,198 Scott D. Miller(2) 157,500 141,358 125,006 423,864 Robert Murphy(3) 524,998 524,998 Poppy Thorpe(4) 91,371 141,358 125,006 357,735 Fidel Vargas(4) 91,371 141,358 125,006 357,735 
 (1) Amounts reported represent the aggregate grant date fair value of RSUs and stock options granted during 2022 under our 2017 Plan without regard to forfeitures, calculated in accordance with ASC Topic 718. These amounts do not reflect the actual economic value realized by the directors. For a discussion of the valuation of the equity awards, including the assumptions used, see Notes 1 and 4 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements. 
 (2) Amount reported includes a 5,000 per month retainer for services on a special committee. 
 (3) Mr. Murphy does not receive any compensation for service as a director. Amount reported represents (a) 1 for his annual base salary as an employee, (b) 349,744 for security for Mr. Murphy, (c) 6 for life insurance premiums paid by us on behalf of Mr. Murphy, and (d) 175,247 in incremental costs for personal flights not reimbursed by Mr. Murphy. 
 (4) Amount reported includes 3,871 retainer for services on a special committee. 
 (5) As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate number of shares underlying stock awards and option awards outstanding for each of our non-employee directors was: 
 Name Aggregate Stock Awards Aggregate Option Awards Michael Lynton 9,114 65,553 Kelly Coffey 9,114 31,896 Joanna Coles 9,114 65,553 Liz Jenkins 9,114 21,896 Stanley Meresman 9,114 65,553 Scott D. Miller 9,114 65,553 Poppy Thorpe 9,114 63,553 Fidel Vargas 9,114 18,908 
 In 2022, we also provided Mr. Lynton with an executive administrative assistant for his duties as Chairperson. The executive administrative assistant would occasionally assist Mr. Lynton with incidental personal matters, the cost of which to us is financially immaterial. 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 None of the members of the compensation committee is currently, or has been at any time, one of our officers or employees. None of our executive officers currently serves, or has served during the last year, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving as a member of our board of directors or compensation committee. 
 Pay Ratio Disclosure 
 As disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table, for the year ended December 31, 2022, the annual total compensation of our Chief Executive Officer was 2,747,395. The annual total compensation of our median employee, 
 137 

Table of Contents 

 excluding our Chief Executive Officer, for the same period, using the same methodology used to calculate our Chief Executive Officer s annual total compensation, was 219,330. The ratio of these amount s is approximately 12.5 to 1. We believe such ratio is a reasonable estimate calculated in a manner consistent with Item 402 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. 
 To determine our median employee, we used the total compensation of our employees from our company records, including salary and wages, bonuses, commissions, allowances, and grant date fair value of equity awards. We applied this measure to our global employee population as of October 1, 2022 and calculated total compensation for the 12 months prior to such date, annualizing all compensation other than equity awards for employees who did not work the full 12 months. We selected the individual who represented our median employee based on this information. For employees who were not paid in U.S. dollars, we converted their compensation to U.S. dollars using the exchange rate as of October 1, 2022. 
 The pay ratio above represents our reasonable estimate calculated in a manner consistent with the SEC rules, which allow for significant flexibility in how companies identify the median employee, and each company may use a different methodology and make different assumptions particular to that company. As a result, and as explained by the SEC when it adopted the pay ratio rules, the ratio was not designed to facilitate comparisons of pay ratios among different companies, even companies within the same industry, but rather to allow stockholders to better understand our compensation practices and pay ratio disclosures. 
 Additional Disclosure Considerations 
 We are not subject to the say-on-pay and say-on-frequency provisions of the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform Act, and such sections are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The table below sets forth information, as of December 31, 2022, with respect to the beneficial ownership of: (a) our Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common stock by each named executive officer, each of our directors, and our directors and executive officers as a group; and (b) our Class B and Class C common stock by each person or entity known by us to own beneficially more than 5 of our Class B common stock or Class C common stock (by number or by voting power). 
 Because our Class A common stock is non-voting, significant holders of our Class A common stock are exempt from the obligation to file reports under Sections 13(d), 13(g), and 16 of the Exchange Act. These provisions generally require significant stockholders to publicly report their ownership, including changes in that ownership. As a result, those stockholders and we are not obligated to disclose ownership of our Class A common stock, so there can be no assurance that you, or we, will be notified of such ownership or changes in such ownership. Furthermore, significant holders of our Class A common stock may hold our stock in nominee or street name with various brokers, such that we will not be able to identify their ownership. 
 We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC, and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all shares that they beneficially own, subject to applicable community property laws. 
 Applicable percentage ownership is based on 1,319,929,508 shares of Class A common stock, 22,529,132 shares of Class B common stock, and 231,626,943 shares of Class C common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022. In computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of such person, we deemed to be outstanding all shares subject to options and RSUs held by the person that are currently exercisable, or would become exercisable or would vest based on service-based vesting conditions within 60 days of December 31, 2022. However, except as described above, we did not deem such shares outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 
 138 

Table of Contents 

 Unless otherwise indicated, the address for each beneficial owner listed in the table below is c/o Snap Inc., 3000 31st Street, Santa Monica, CA 90405. 
 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Class C Common Stock of Total Voting Power Name of Beneficial Owner Shares Shares Shares Directors and Named Executive Officers: Evan Spiegel(1) 39,963,540 3.0 5,862,410 26.0 123,683,019 53.4 53.1 Robert Murphy(2) 77,684,764 5.9 5,862,410 26.0 107,943,924 46.6 46.4 Derek Andersen(3) 807,328 Jerry Hunter(4) 2,263,072 Rebecca Morrow(5) 216,678 Michael O Sullivan(6) 890,015 Jeremi Gorman 1,343,344 Michael Lynton(7) 1,081,416 Kelly Coffey(8) 26,282 Joanna Coles(9) 68,616 Liz Jenkins(10) 10,732 Stanley Meresman(11) 77,634 Scott D. Miller(12) 141,978 Poppy Thorpe(13) 67,359 Fidel Vargas(14) 6,189 All directors and executive officers as a group (14 persons)(15) 123,305,603 9.3 11,724,820 52.0 231,626,943 100.0 99.5 5 Stockholders: FMR LLC(16) 143,828,052 10.9 T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.(17) 122,086,490 9.2 Entities affiliated with Tencent Holdings Limited(18) 232,655,030 17.6 10,344,970 45.9 
 Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1 . 
 (1) Includes 4,077,844 shares of Class A common stock and 5,862,410 shares of Class B common stock held in trust for which Mr. Spiegel is trustee and holds voting power. 
 (2) Includes 5,307,526 shares of Class A common stock and 5,862,410 shares of Class B common stock held in trust for which Mr. Murphy is trustee and holds voting power. 
 (3) Includes (a) 490,389 shares of Class A common stock that are unvested and subject to forfeiture as of December 31, 2022 and (b) RSUs for 1,266 shares of Class A common stock for which the service-based vesting condition would be satisfied within 60 days of December 31, 2022. 
 (4) Includes (a) 718,757 shares of Class A common stock that are unvested and subject to forfeiture as of December 31, 2022, (b) 700,000 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2022, and (c) 844,315 shares held in trust for which Mr. Hunter is trustee and holds dispositive power. 
 (5) Includes 95,094 shares of Class A common stock that are unvested and subject to forfeiture as of December 31, 2022. 
 (6) Includes (a) 437,504 shares of Class A common stock that are unvested and subject to forfeiture as of December 31, 2022, (b) 452,191 shares of Class A common stock held in trust for which Mr. O Sullivan is trustee and holds dispositive power, and (c) 160 shares of Class A common stock held by members of Mr. O Sullivan s immediate family for which Mr. O Sullivan disclaims beneficial ownership except as to indirect pecuniary interest, if any. 
 (7) Includes (a) 945,876 shares of Class A common stock held in trust for which Mr. Lynton is trustee and (b) 50,689 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2022. 
 139 

Table of Contents 

 (8) Includes 17,032 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2022. 
 (9) Includes 50,689 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2022. 
 (10) Includes 7,032 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2022. 
 (11) Includes 50,689 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2022. 
 (12) Includes 50,689 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2022. 
 (13) Includes 48,689 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2022. 
 (14) Includes 4,044 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2022. 
 (15) Consists of (a) 122,324,784 shares of Class A common stock (of which 1,741,744 shares are unvested and subject to forfeiture as of December 31, 2022), 11,724,820 shares of Class B common stock, and 231,626,943 shares of Class C common stock held by our current directors and executive officers or for which they serve as trustees, (b) RSUs for 1,266 shares of Class A common stock for which the service-based vesting condition would be satisfied within 60 days of December 31, 2022, and (c) 979,553 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2022. Does not include shares held by Ms. Gorman, as she was not an executive officer as of December 31, 2022. 
 (16) Based on information reported by FMR LLC on Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on October 11, 2022. FMR LLC reported as a parent holding company that certain of its subsidiaries have sole dispositive power with respect to 143,828,052 shares of Class A common stock and sole voting power with respect to 136,845,537 shares of Class A common stock. FMR LLC reported that Fidelity Management Research Company LLC beneficially owns 5 or greater of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock. FMR LLC listed its address as 245 Summer Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02210. 
 (17) Based on information reported by T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. on Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022. T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. reported that it has sole dispositive power with respect to 122,086,490 shares of Class A common stock and sole voting power with respect to 50,755,018 shares of Class A common stock. T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. listed its address as 100 E. Pratt Street, Baltimore, Maryland 21202. 
 (18) Tencent Holdings Limited reported in its 2021 Interim Report that, as of June 30, 2021, it was interested in approximately 243 million shares of Snap Inc., and has not provided any update in subsequent reports. We believe, based on such reporting and our corporate and transfer agent records, that Tencent Holdings Limited and its affiliates beneficially own 10,344,970 shares of Class B Common Stock, and the balance of any remaining shares they hold are Class A Common Stock. As noted above, holders of our Class A common stock, other than our directors or officers, are exempt from the obligation to file reports under Sections 13(d), 13(g), and 16 of the Exchange Act and may hold the stock in nominee or street name such that we are not able to identify or confirm their ownership. Tencent Holdings Limited listed its registered address as Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-1111 Cayman Islands. 
 140 

Table of Contents 

 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Incentive Plans 
 The table set forth below provides information concerning the awards that may be issued under our 2012 Plan, 2014 Plan, and 2017 Plan as of December 31, 2022: 
 Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights(1) (a) Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights(2) (b) Number of Securities Remaining Available for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (C) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders(3) 131,694,045 9.68 157,768,323 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 131,694,045 9.68 157,768,323 
 (1) Excludes RSAs subject to forfeiture that are already included within issued and outstanding Class A common stock as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) The weighted-average exercise price does not reflect shares that will be issued in connection with the settlement of RSUs, since RSUs have no exercise price. 
 (3) Prior to our initial public offering, we granted awards under our 2012 Plan and our 2014 Plan. Following our initial public offering, we granted awards under our 2017 Plan, other than certain awards to our employees and consultants in France, which were granted under our 2014 Plan. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Other than compensation arrangements for our directors and executive officers, which are described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, below we describe transactions since January 1, 2022 to which we were a party or will be a party, in which: 
 the amounts involved exceeded or will exceed 120,000; and 
 any of our directors, executive officers, or holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any member of the immediate family of, or person sharing the household with, the foregoing persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 
 Investor Rights Agreement 
 We are party to an amended and restated investor rights agreement, which provides Mr. Spiegel and Mr. Murphy with certain registration rights with respect to up to an aggregate of 339,889,877 shares of our Class A common stock (including shares issuable on conversion of Class C common stock, which are initially convertible into Class B common stock). Under this agreement, Mr. Spiegel and Mr. Murphy have the right to request that their shares be covered by a registration statement that we are otherwise filing. 
 Co-Founder Agreements and Related Agreements 
 We are party to a series of agreements with Mr. Spiegel and Mr. Murphy, and certain of their respective affiliates, as applicable, which include: (i) employment agreements pursuant to which each individual will continue to serve in their respective roles at Snap for an initial five-year term ending on January 1, 2027, subject to automatic renewals for successive five year periods unless earlier terminated as provided in their respective employment agreements, (ii) the Future Stock Split, which shall not be declared and paid until the later of (x) June 30, 2023 and (y) the first business day following the date on which the average of the volume weighted average price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 40 per share for 65 consecutive trading days by July 21, 2032, and (iii) the Co-Founder Agreements, which include (a) the requirement under certain circumstances to convert an equal number of shares of Class B common stock or Class C common stock into Class A common stock in connection with sales by such individual of shares of Class A 
 141 

Table of Contents 

 common stock received in the special dividend, (b) conversion of such individual s remaining shares of Class C common stock into Class B common stock at such time as such Class C common stock represents in the aggregate less than 60 of such individual s Base Class C Common Stock (as such term is defined in our certification of incorporation), and (c) in the event of any sale or liquidation of Snap Inc. following the special dividend, shares of Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common stock are to be treated identically, equally, and ratably, on a per share basis, with respect to any consideration received. 
 Munger, Tolles Olson LLP 
 We have in the past engaged the law firm Munger, Tolles Olson LLP, or Munger, to provide certain legal services to us, and may do so in the future. Mr. Spiegel s father, John Spiegel, is a partner at Munger and has provided legal services to us. For the year ended December 31, 2022, total services provided by Munger were 5,921,891. 
 Our general counsel, Michael O Sullivan, is a former attorney at Munger. 
 Gibson, Dunn Crutcher LLP 
 We have in the past engaged the law firm Gibson, Dunn Crutcher LLP, or Gibson, to provide certain legal services to us, and may do so in the future. Mr. Spiegel s stepmother, Debra Wong Yang, is a partner at Gibson and has provided legal services to us. For the year ended December 31, 2022, total services provided by Gibson were 354,413. 
 Entities Affiliated with FMR LLC 
 In the ordinary course of business, FMR LLC and its affiliates, who hold 5 or more of our Class A common stock at December 31, 2022, purchased 2,653,243 of our advertising products for the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, we use affiliates of FMR LLC for certain services related to our 401(k) plan. For the year ended December 31, 2022 total services provided by affiliates of FMR LLC were 539,356. 
 Entities Affiliated with Tencent 
 In the ordinary course of business, Tencent Holdings Limited and its affiliates, who hold 5 or more of our Class B common stock at December 31, 2022, purchased 7,448,405 of our advertising products for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Aviation Matters 
 Airplane Leases 
 In June 2018, we entered into a lease of an aircraft from an entity controlled by Mr. Spiegel on terms that are advantageous to us. Under the terms of this lease, Mr. Spiegel s entity leases the aircraft to us for 0. We cover all the operating, maintenance, and insurance costs, and property taxes associated with the aircraft. The lease has a one-year term, which is automatically extended for successive one-year periods unless terminated by either party. We or Mr. Spiegel s entity may terminate the lease at any time on one year s prior written notice. The audit and compensation committees of our board of directors approved this lease based on our overall security program for Mr. Spiegel and their assessment that such an arrangement is more efficient and flexible, and better ensures confidentiality, privacy, and safety. 
 Mr. Spiegel may use aircraft leased by us for personal use pursuant to a time sharing agreement between us and Mr. Spiegel in accordance with the provisions of Federal Aviation Regulations 91.501(c). On these flights, Mr. Spiegel and guests are flown by our pilots and crew members. Mr. Spiegel reimburses us for certain costs incurred by us in connection with these flights, up to the maximum permitted under the Federal Aviation Regulations 91.501(d). When Mr. Spiegel has family or guests accompanying him on business flights, Mr. Spiegel cannot reimburse the incremental cost to us for such family or guests under the Federal Aviation Regulations. In 2022, the amount that Mr. Spiegel could not reimburse was 122,676. 
 In September 2022, we entered into a lease of an aircraft from an entity controlled by Mr. Murphy on terms that are advantageous to us. Under the terms of this lease, Mr. Murphy s entity leases the aircraft to us for 0. We cover all the operating, maintenance, and insurance costs, and property taxes associated with the aircraft. The lease has a one-year term, which is automatically extended for successive one-year periods unless terminated by either party. We or Mr. Murphy s 
 142 

Table of Contents 

 entity may terminate the lease at any time on one year s prior written notice. The audit and compensation committees of our board of directors approved this lease based on our overall security program for Mr. Murphy and their assessment that such an arrangement is more efficient and flexible, and better ensures confidentiality, privacy, and safety. 
 Mr. Murphy may use aircraft leased by us for personal use pursuant to a time sharing agreement between us and Mr. Murphy in accordance with the provisions of Federal Aviation Regulations 91.501(c). On these flights, Mr. Murphy and guests are flown by our pilots and crew members. Mr. Murphy reimburses us for certain costs incurred by us in connection with these flights, up to the maximum permitted under the Federal Aviation Regulations 91.501(d). When Mr. Murphy has family or guests accompanying him on business flights, Mr. Murphy cannot reimburse the incremental cost to us for such family or guests under the Federal Aviation Regulations. 
 Hangar Leases 
 In June 2018, we entered into a sublease of approximately 10,000 square feet of a hangar from an entity that is controlled by Mr. Spiegel. Under the terms of this sublease, Mr. Spiegel s entity leased the space to us for no charge. We covered the maintenance and insurance costs associated with the space. This lease was terminated in May 2022. 
 In anticipation of the termination of the prior hangar lease, Mr. Spiegel s entity previously entered into a ground lease for a site on which it was required to build a new hangar. In November 2020, we and Mr. Spiegel s entity entered into a twelve-year sublease for 0 allowing us to build and operate a new hangar on that site to support our aviation program, including the storage and operation of the aircraft that we lease from Mr. Spiegel and Mr. Murphy. Construction of the new hangar was completed in 2022. Mr. Spiegel s entity is solely responsible for the ground lease rental payments, certain airport fees, and taxes. In exchange for certain construction-related costs and ground lease payments that Mr. Spiegel s entity has incurred and will continue to incur, Mr. Spiegel s entity has the right to occupy space at the hangar that Snap does not require for its aviation program at a market rate determined at the time this arrangement was entered into. As of December 31, 2022, Mr. Spiegel s entity had a credit balance of approximately 1.7 million that can be used for future rent or, to the extent not utilized by the end of the term, to purchase the hangar from Snap under the terms of the sublease. No credit balance will be paid to Mr. Spiegel in cash. 
 Subject to certain limited exceptions, neither party may terminate this sublease for a minimum of six years. After this period, either party may terminate the sublease on 24 months notice to the other party. Upon termination of the sublease, Mr. Spiegel s entity will purchase the hangar from Snap at its fair market value on the termination date. The audit and compensation committees of our board of directors approved this arrangement based on their assessment that it is fair and reasonable to us. 
 Employment Relationships 
 Mr. Hunter s son, John Hunter, has been employed by us since May 2021. In 2022, John Hunter s base salary and discretionary bonus was 132,678, which along with other benefits he received, were commensurate with similar roles at Snap Inc. In addition, in 2022 he received 2,015 restricted stock units subject to vesting over thirty-six months, commensurate with similar roles at Snap Inc. John Hunter is not part of Mr. Hunter s household. 
 Indemnification Agreements 
 Our certificate of incorporation contains provisions limiting the liability of directors, and our bylaws provide that we will indemnify each of our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws also provide our board of directors with discretion to indemnify our employees and other agents when determined appropriate by the board. In addition, we have entered into an indemnification agreement with each of our directors and executive officers, which requires us to indemnify them. 
 Policies and Procedures for Transactions with Related Persons 
 In July 2016, we entered into a policy that our executive officers, directors, nominees for election as a director, beneficial owners of more than 5 of any class of our common stock, and any members of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons are not permitted to enter into a related person transaction with us without the approval or ratification of our board of directors or our audit committee. Any request for us to enter into a transaction with an executive officer, director, nominee for election as a director, beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of our common stock, or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons, in which the amount involved exceeds 50,000 and such 
 143 

Table of Contents 

 person would have a direct or indirect interest, must be presented to our board of directors or our audit committee for review, consideration, and approval. In approving or rejecting any such proposal, our board of directors or our audit committee is to consider the material facts of the transaction, including whether the transaction is on terms no less favorable than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third party under the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related person s interest in the transaction. There were no 2022 transactions where our policy was not followed. 
 Director Independence 
 Our board of directors has undertaken a review of the independence of each director. Based on information provided by each director concerning his or her background, employment, and affiliations, our board of directors has determined that Ms. Coffey, Ms. Coles, Ms. Jenkins, Mr. Lynton, Mr. Meresman, Mr. Miller, Ms. Thorpe, and Mr. Vargas do not have relationships that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director and that each of these directors is independent as that term is defined under the listing standards. In making these determinations, our board of directors considered the current and prior relationships that each non-employee director has with our company and all other facts and circumstances our board of directors deemed relevant in determining their independence, including the beneficial ownership of our shares by each non-employee director and the transactions described above. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 The following table sets forth the aggregate fees for professional service provided by our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Audit Fees(1) 8,766 8,955 Audit-Related Fees(2) 99 Tax Fees(3) 1,399 2,287 All Other Fees(4) 593 461 Total 10,758 11,802 
 (1) Audit fees consist of the fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our financial statements, audit of our internal control over financial reporting, review of our quarterly financial statements, filing of our registration statements, accounting consultations, and audits provided in connection with statutory filings. 
 (2) Audit-related fees consist of fees for professional services rendered in connection with an internal controls review of an implementation of a new enterprise financial planning and reporting system. 
 (3) Tax fees consist of the fees for professional services rendered in connection with tax compliance, tax advisory, and tax planning. 
 (4) All other fees consist of fees for professional services other than the services reported in audit fees, audit-related fees, and tax fees. 
 The audit committee has adopted a pre-approval policy under which the audit committee approves in advance all audit and permissible non-audit services to be performed by the independent accountants (subject to a de minimis exception). These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services, and other non-audit services. As part of its pre-approval policy, the audit committee considers whether the provision of any proposed non-audit services is consistent with the SEC s rules on auditor independence. In accordance with its pre-approval policy, the audit committee has pre-approved certain specified audit and non-audit services to be provided by our independent auditor. If there are any additional services to be provided, a request for pre-approval must be submitted to the audit committee for its consideration under the policy. The audit committee generally pre-approves particular services or categories of services on a case-by-case basis. Finally, in accordance with the pre-approval policy, the audit committee has delegated pre-approval authority to the chair of the audit committee. The chair must report any pre-approval decisions to the audit committee at its next meeting. 
 All of the services of Ernst Young LLP for 2022 and 2021 described above were in accordance with the audit committee pre-approval policy. 
 144 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 We have filed the following documents as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements 
 See Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data on page 74 . 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 All schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable, not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or the required information is otherwise included. 
 3. Exhibits 
 The documents set forth below are filed herewith or incorporated herein by reference to the location indicated. 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Schedule Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Snap Inc. 
 S-1 333-215866 3.2 February 2, 2017 3.2 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Snap Inc. 
 8-K 001-38017 3.1 July 21, 2022 3.3 Certificate of Correction to Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Snap Inc. 
 8-K/A 001-38017 3.1 August 8, 2022 3.4 Amendment No. 2 to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Snap Inc. 
 8-K 001-38017 3.1 August 26, 2022 3.5 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Snap Inc. 
 10-K 001-38017 3.2 February 4, 2021 4.1 Form of Class A Common Stock Certificate 
 S-1 333-215866 4.1 February 2, 2017 4.2 Form of Class B Common Stock Certificate 
 S-8 333-216495 4.6 March 7, 2017 4.3 Form of Class C Common Stock Certificate 
 S-8 333-216495 4.7 March 7, 2017 4.4 Description of Securities 
 4.5 Indenture, dated August 9, 2019, by and between Snap Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee 
 8-K 001-38017 4.1 August 9, 2019 4.6 Form of Global Note, representing Snap Inc. s 0.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.5) 
 8-K 001-38017 4.2 August 9, 2019 4.7 Indenture, dated April 28, 2020, by and between Snap Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee 
 8-K 001-38017 4.1 April 28, 2020 4.8 Form of Global Note, representing Snap Inc. s 0.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.7) 
 8.K 001-38017 4.2 April 28, 2020 4.9 Indenture, dated April 30, 2021, by and between Snap Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee 
 8-K 001-38017 4.1 April 30, 2021 
 145 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Schedule Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date 4.10 Form of Global Note, representing Snap Inc. s 0 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.9) 
 8-K 001-38017 4.2 April 30, 2021 4.11 Indenture, dated February 11, 2022, by and between Snap Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee. 
 8-K 001-38017 4.1 February 11, 2022 4.12 Form of Global Note, representing Snap Inc. s 0.125 Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.1) 
 8-K 001-38017 4.2 February 11, 2022 10.1+ Snap Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan 
 S-1 333-215866 10.2 February 2, 2017 10.2+ Forms of grant notice, stock option agreement and notice of exercise under the Snap Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan 
 S-1 333-215866 10.3 February 2, 2017 10.3+ Forms of restricted stock unit grant notice and award agreement under the Snap Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan 
 S-1 333-215866 10.4 February 2, 2017 10.4+ Snap Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 S-1 333-215866 10.5 February 2, 2017 10.5+ Forms of grant notice, stock option agreement and notice of exercise under the Snap Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 S-1 333-215866 10.6 February 2, 2017 10.6+ Forms of restricted stock unit grant notice and award agreement under the Snap Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 S-1 333-215866 10.7 February 2, 2017 10.7+ Snap Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 S-8 333-216495 99.7 March 7, 2017 10.8+ Forms of global grant notice, stock option agreement and notice of exercise under the Snap Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-K 001-38017 10.8 February 3, 2022 10.9+ Forms of restricted stock unit grant notice and award agreement under the Snap Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-K 001-38017 10.9 February 3, 2022 10.10+ Forms of restricted stock award grant notice and award agreement under the Snap Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-Q 001-38017 10.4 October 26, 2018 10.11+ Snap Inc. 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 S-1 333-215866 10.11 February 2, 2017 10.12+ Form of indemnification agreement 
 S-1 333-215866 10.12 February 2, 2017 10.13 Co-Founder 's Agreement among Snap Inc., Evan Spiegel, and other Holders signatory thereto, made as of July 21, 2022 
 8-K 001-38017 10.1 July 21, 2022 10.14 Co-Founder 's Agreement among Snap Inc., Robert Murphy, and other Holders signatory thereto, made as of July 21, 2022 
 8-K 001-38017 10.2 July 21, 2022 
 146 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Schedule Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date 10.15+ Employment Agreement by and between Snap Inc. and Evan Spiegel, dated July 21, 2022 
 8-K 001-38017 10.3 July 21, 2022 10.16+ Employment Agreement by and between Snap Inc. and Robert Murphy, dated July 21, 2022 
 8-K 001-38017 10.4 July 21, 2022 10.17+ Offer Letter, by and between Snap Inc. and Michael O Sullivan, dated July 24, 2017 
 10-Q 001-38017 10.1 November 8, 2017 10.18+ Amended and Restated Offer Letter, by and between Snap Inc. and Jerry Hunter, dated October 7, 2020 
 10-K 001-38017 10.16 February 4, 2021 10.19+ Transition Agreement, by and between Snap Inc. and Jeremi Gorman, dated August 30, 2022 
 8-K 001-38017 10.1 August 31, 2022 10.20+ Offer Letter, by and between Snap Inc. and Derek Andersen, dated May 16, 2019 
 8-K 001-38017 10.1 May 20, 2019 10.21+ Offer Letter, by and between Snap Inc. and Rebecca Morrow, dated July 12, 2019 
 10-Q 001-38017 10.1 October 23, 2019 10.22+ Snap Inc. 2022 Bonus Program 
 10-K 001-38017 10.22 February 3, 2022 10.23 Notice of Prepayment and Termination of Commitments, dated May 5, 2022 
 10-Q 001-38017 10.1 July 21, 2022 10.24 Revolving Credit Agreement by and among Snap Inc., the lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, dated May 6, 2022 
 10-Q 001-38017 10.2 July 21, 2022 10.25 Snap Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy 
 10-K 001-38017 10.28 February 22, 2018 10.26+ Form of Time Share Agreement 
 10-Q 001-38017 10.3 October 26, 2018 21.1 List of Subsidiaries 
 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young, LLP, independent registered public accounting firm 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of Snap Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of Snap Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Snap Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document. 
 147 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Schedule Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 The certifications furnished in Exhibit 32.1 hereto are deemed to accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K and will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the Registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 148 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 
 SNAP INC. Date: January 31, 2023 
 /s/ Derek Andersen Derek Andersen 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Date: January 31, 2023 
 /s/ Rebecca Morrow Rebecca Morrow 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 149 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Name Title Date /s/ Evan Spiegel Chief Executive Officer and Director January 31, 2023 Evan Spiegel (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Robert Murphy Director and Chief Technology Officer January 31, 2023 Robert Murphy /s/ Derek Andersen Chief Financial Officer January 31, 2023 Derek Andersen (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Rebecca Morrow Chief Accounting Officer January 31, 2023 Rebecca Morrow (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Kelly Coffey Director January 31, 2023 Kelly Coffey /s/ Joanna Coles Director January 31, 2023 Joanna Coles /s/ Elizabeth Jenkins Director January 31, 2023 Elizabeth Jenkins /s/ Michael Lynton Director January 31, 2023 Michael Lynton /s/ Stanley Meresman Director January 31, 2023 Stanley Meresman /s/ Scott D. Miller Director January 31, 2023 Scott D. Miller /s/ Poppy Thorpe Director January 31, 2023 Poppy Thorpe /s/ Fidel Vargas Director January 31, 2023 Fidel Vargas 
 150 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 snapinc-descriptionofsecur.htm
 EX-4.4

Document 

Exhibit 4.4 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Snap Inc. we, our, or us has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), our Class A common stock, 0.00001 par value per share. The following description of our capital stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is qualified in its entirety by, and should be read in conjunction with, our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, and applicable Delaware law. 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 4,460,887,848 shares, of which 
 3,000,000,000 shares are designated as Class A common stock, 0.00001 par value per share 700,000,000 shares are designated as Class B common stock, 0.00001 par value per share 260,887,848 shares are designated as Class C common stock, 0.00001 par value per share and 500,000,000 shares are designated as preferred stock, 0.00001 par value per share. 
 Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock, and Class C Common Stock 
 Voting Rights 
 Our Class A common stock is non-voting and is not entitled to any votes on any matter that is submitted to a vote of our stockholders, except as required by Delaware law. Delaware law would permit holders of Class A common stock to vote, with one vote per share, on a matter if we were to 
 change the par value of the common stock or amend our certificate of incorporation to alter the powers, preferences, or special rights of the common stock as a whole in a way that would adversely affect the holders of our Class A common stock. 
 In addition, Delaware law would permit holders of Class A common stock to vote separately, as a single class, if an amendment to our certificate of incorporation would adversely affect them by altering the powers, preferences, or special rights of the Class A common stock, but not the Class B common stock or Class C common stock. As a result, in these limited instances, the holders of a majority of the Class A common stock could defeat any amendment to our certificate of incorporation. For example, if a proposed amendment of our certificate of incorporation provided for the Class A common stock to rank junior to the Class B common stock and Class C common stock with respect to (i) any dividend or distribution, (ii) the distribution of proceeds were we to be acquired, or (iii) any other right, Delaware law would require the vote of the Class A common stock, with each share of Class A common stock entitled to one vote per share. In this instance, the holders of a majority of Class A common stock could defeat that amendment to our certificate of incorporation. Moreover, if an amendment to our certificate of incorporation would alter the powers, preferences, or special rights of the Class A common stock and either the Class B common Stock or the Class C common stock in a way that would affect them adversely compared to the unaffected class, Delaware law would permit the holders of Class A common stock to vote with the other adversely affected class of common stock together as a single class. For example, if a proposed amendment to our certificate of incorporation provided for the Class A common stock and Class B common stock to rank junior to the Class C common stock with respect to (i) any dividend or distribution, (ii) the distribution of proceeds were we to be acquired, or (iii) any other right, Delaware law would require the vote of the Class A common stock and Class B common stock voting together as a single class, with each share of Class A common stock and Class B common stock entitled to one vote per share. In this instance, the holders of a majority of the Class A common stock and Class B common stock, voting together as a single class, could defeat that amendment to our certificate of incorporation. 
 1 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that the number of authorized shares of common stock or any class of common stock, including our Class A common stock, may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares of common stock then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the Class B common stock and Class C common stock, voting together as a single class. As a result, the holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B common stock and Class C common stock can approve an increase or decrease in the number of authorized shares of Class A common stock without a separate vote of the holders of Class A common stock. This could allow us to increase and issue additional shares of Class A common stock beyond what is currently authorized in our certificate of incorporation without the consent of the holders of our Class A common stock. 
 Holders of our Class B common stock are entitled to one vote per share and holders of Class C common stock are entitled to ten votes per share on any matter submitted to our shareholders. Except as set forth above, holders of shares of Class B common stock and Class C common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters (including the election of directors) submitted to a vote of stockholders. In addition, each class of our common stock may have the right to vote separately in certain instances as listed below under -Economic Rights. 
 On the date that all outstanding shares of Class C common stock have converted to Class B common stock, all shares of Class B common stock will convert to Class A common stock and the holders of Class A common stock will be entitled to one vote per share. 
 Our certificate of incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting for the election of directors. 
 Founder Proxy Agreement 
 Evan Spiegel and Robert Murphy, our co-founders, have entered into a proxy agreement with each other. The agreement will apply to all shares of our Class B common stock and Class C common stock that each may beneficially own from time to time or have voting control over. 
 Under the proxy agreement, Mr. Spiegel has designated Mr. Murphy as his designated proxy holder, and Mr. Murphy has designated Mr. Spiegel as his designated proxy holder. Each co-founder has the right to select from time to time an alternate proxy holder who would exercise the proxy if the primary proxy holder were unable or unwilling to serve as a proxy. Mr. Spiegel and Mr. Murphy have each appointed Michael Lynton as his alternate proxy. Mr. Spiegel and Mr. Murphy may not change the primary proxy holder without the other s consent. A proxy holder will have the right to exercise all of the voting and consent rights of our shares of Class B common stock and Class C common stock beneficially owned by the deceased or disabled co-founder or over which he has voting control on and for the nine months following the co-founder s death or during his disability. Before any proxy holder may vote or act by written consent with respect to the shares of Class B common stock and Class C common stock over which they hold a proxy, that proxy holder will meet with the independent members of our board of directors within 90 days of the co-founder s death or disability. 
 The proxy agreement will terminate as soon as any of the following occur (i) nine months after the death of both Mr. Spiegel and Mr. Murphy, (ii) the liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of our business operations, (iii) the execution by us of a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or the appointment of a receiver or trustee to take possession of our property and assets, or (iv) the date as of which Mr. Spiegel and Mr. Murphy terminate the proxy agreement by written consent of Mr. Spiegel and Mr. Murphy, with notice to us. 
 Co-Founder s Agreements 
 Each of Evan Spiegel and Robert Murphy has also entered into a co-founder s agreement, pursuant to which, under certain circumstances related to the Special Dividend (as defined under the heading Economic Rights Dividends and Distributions below) Mr. Spiegel and Mr. Murphy must convert a share of Class B common stock or Class C common stock, as the case may be, into a share of Class A common stock. 
 Specifically, (i) in the event Mr. Spiegel or Mr. Murphy sells during any Conversion Period (as defined below) a share of Class A common stock received as the Special Dividend on a share of Class B common stock, he shall be required to convert such share of Class B common stock into a share of Class A common stock and (ii) in the event Mr. Spiegel or Mr. Murphy sells during any Conversion Period a share of Class A common stock received as the Special Dividend on a share of Class C common stock, he shall be required to convert such share of Class C common stock into one share of Class A common stock ((i) and (ii) collectively, the Conversion Requirement ), unless a majority of the Independent Directors (as defined in our certificate of incorporation) waives the Conversion Requirement prior to such conversion. 
 Conversion Period shall mean either of the following periods of time (i) beginning on June 30, 2023 and ending on January 1, 2027 or (ii) beginning on the date (if any) on which Mr. Spiegel or Mr. Murphy, as applicable, has neither been a director nor an employee for a continuous period of two (2) years (subject to certain exceptions), 
 2 

and ending on the date (if any) on which Mr. Spiegel or Mr. Murphy, as applicable, resumes service with us as a director or employee provided, that no Conversion Period shall commence prior to the declaration and payment of the Special Dividend. 
 The Conversion Requirement does not apply to any sale (i) that would meet the requirements of a permitted transfer or (ii) (x) that constitutes a donation of such dividend shares to a tax-exempt organization or (y) the net proceeds of which are donated to a tax-exempt organization. 
 Each co-founder s agreement will terminate as soon as any of the following occur (i) Mr. Spiegel or Mr. Murphy, as applicable, along with their permitted transferees and qualified trusts and certain affiliates, ceases to own any shares of Class C common stock or Class B common stock following the payment of the Special Dividend (including as a result of the occurrence of the Final Conversion Date (as defined in our certificate of incorporation)) (ii) if the condition for the declaration of the Special Dividend has not been satisfied as of such date, the tenth (10th) anniversary of the effective date of the co-founder s agreement or (iii) the date as of which Mr. Spiegel or Mr. Murphy, as applicable, agrees to terminate the co-founder s agreement and such termination has been approved by a majority of the Independent Directors and executed on our behalf. 
 Economic Rights 
 Except as otherwise expressly provided in our certificate of incorporation or required by Delaware law, all shares of Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common stock will have the same rights and privileges and rank equally, share ratably, and be identical in all respects for all matters, including those described below 
 Dividends and Distributions . Subject to preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common stock will be entitled to share equally, identically, and ratably, on a per share basis, with respect to any dividend or distribution of cash or property paid or distributed by us, unless different treatment of the shares of the affected class is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the class treated adversely voting separately as a class. Even though holders of Class A common stock are not normally entitled to a vote on matters presented to our stockholders, they would be entitled to vote separately as a class, with one vote per share, on dividends and distributions if the holders of Class A common stock were treated adversely. As a result, if the holders of Class A common stock were treated adversely in any dividend or distribution, the holders of a majority of Class A common stock could defeat that dividend or distribution. In addition, if any two classes of common stock are treated adversely relative to another class of common stock with respect to any dividend or distribution, the vote of the holders of a majority of the adversely affected classes, voting together as a single class, would be required to approve that dividend or distribution. For example, if we were to make a distribution of cash to the holders of Class C common stock but not make a cash distribution or make a distribution of stock instead of cash to the holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, the holders of a majority of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, voting together as a single class, would be required to approve that dividend or distribution. In that scenario, each share of Class A common stock and Class B common stock would be entitled to one vote per share. 
 On July 19, 2022, our board of directors, after receiving the recommendation of a special committee of the board of directors (the Special Committee ), determined that it is advisable and in our best interests, and in the best interests of our stockholders (other than Mr. Spiegel and Mr. Murphy and certain of their respective affiliates that hold shares of our capital stock, as to whom no determination was made), to declare and pay a special dividend of one share of Class A common stock as a one-time stock dividend on each outstanding share of our common stock (the Special Dividend provided, however, that the Special Dividend shall not be declared until the later of (i) June 30, 2023 and (ii) the first business day following the date on which the 65-Day VWAP (as defined below) equals or exceeds 40 per share, or, if the board of directors so determines, a date that is within five business days after the later of such two dates. 65-Day VWAP means the average of the volume weighted average price per share of Class A common stock traded on the New York Stock Exchange, or any other national securities exchange on which the shares of Class A common stock are then traded, for each of the 65 trading days ending on, and including, the first trading day immediately preceding the date of determination of the 65-Day VWAP. If the 65-Day VWAP does not exceed 40 per share by July 21, 2032, the Special Dividend will not be declared and paid and the co-founder s agreements shall terminate and be of no further force and effect. 
 Liquidation Rights . On our liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up, the holders of Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common stock will be entitled to share equally, identically, and ratably in all assets remaining after the payment of any liabilities, liquidation preferences, and accrued or declared but unpaid dividends, if any, with respect to any outstanding preferred stock, unless a different treatment is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of each class of common stock, including the Class A common stock, voting separately as a class. As a result, the holders of a majority of each class of common 
 3 

stock, including the Class A common stock, could defeat a proposed distribution of any assets on our liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up if that distribution were not to be shared equally, identically, and ratably. 
 Change of Control Transactions . The holders of Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common stock will be treated equally and identically with respect to shares of Class A common stock, Class B common stock, or Class C common stock owned by them, unless different treatment of the shares of each class is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of each class of common stock, including the Class A common stock, voting separately as a class, on (i) the closing of the sale, transfer, or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets, (ii) the consummation of a merger, reorganization, consolidation, or share transfer which results in our voting securities outstanding immediately before the transaction (or the voting securities issued with respect to our voting securities outstanding immediately before the transaction) representing less than a majority of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the company or the surviving or acquiring entity, or (iii) the closing of the transfer (whether by merger, consolidation, or otherwise), in one transaction or a series of related transactions, to a person or group of affiliated persons of securities of the company if, after closing, the transferee person or group would hold 50 or more of the outstanding voting power of the company (or the surviving or acquiring entity). However, consideration to be paid or received by a holder of common stock in connection with any such asset sale, merger, reorganization, consolidation, or share transfer under any employment, consulting, severance, or other arrangement will be disregarded for the purposes of determining whether holders of common stock are treated equally and identically. As a result, the holders of a majority of each class of common stock, including the holders Class A common stock, could defeat a change of control transaction if the holders of Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common stock were not to be treated equally and identically in such change of control transaction. 
 Subdivisions and Combinations. If we subdivide or combine in any manner outstanding shares of Class A common stock, Class B common stock, or Class C common stock, the outstanding shares of the other classes will be subdivided or combined in the same manner. 
 If holders of Class A common stock are treated the same as holders of Class B common stock and Class C common stock with respect to the dividends and distributions, liquidation rights, change of control transactions, and subdivisions and combinations, such holders of Class A common stock will not have the right to vote on such matters. 
 No Preemptive or Similar Rights 
 Our Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common stock are not entitled to preemptive rights, and are not subject to conversion, redemption, or sinking fund provisions, except for the conversion provisions with respect to the Class B common stock and Class C common stock described below. 
 Conversion 
 Each share of Class B common stock is convertible at any time at the option of the holder into one share of Class A common stock. Each share of Class C common stock is convertible at any time at the option of the holder into one share of Class B common stock. 
 On any transfer of shares of Class B common stock, whether or not for value, each such transferred share will automatically convert into one share of Class A common stock, except for certain transfers described in our certificate of incorporation, including transfers for tax and estate planning purposes, so long as the transferring holder continues to hold sole voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares transferred. Any holder s shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into Class A common stock, on a one-to-one basis, on the death of the holder. 
 On any transfer of shares of Class C common stock, whether or not for value, each transferred share will automatically convert into one share of Class B common stock, except for certain transfers described in our certificate of incorporation, including transfers for tax and estate planning purposes, so long as the transferring holder or a qualified trustee for that holder continues to hold sole voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares transferred, and transfers between founders. 
 Any holder s shares of Cla ss C common stock will automatically convert into Class B common stock, on a one-to-one basis, on the date on which the number of outstanding shares of Class C common stock held by that holder represents less than 32,383,178 shares of Class C common stock, which represents 30 of the 107,943,924 shares of Class C common stock held by that holder on the date of the closing of our initial public offering. Any holder s shares of Class C common stock will automatically convert into Class B common stock, on a one-to-one b asis, nine months after the death of that holder. Once there are no shares of Class C common stock outstanding, all shares of Class B common stock will convert to Class A common stock, on a one-to-one basis, and all shares of 
 4 

Class A common stock will have one vote per share, as described in our certificate of incorporation. Either of our founders may transfer shares of Class B common stock or Class C common stock to the other founder or a founder s permitted transferee without such transferred shares converting into Class A common stock or Class B common stock, respectively. In addition, either founder may transfer shares of Class B common stock or Class C common stock to a qualified trustee without such transferred shares converting into Class A common stock or Class B common stock, respectively. A qualified trustee is a professional in the business of providing trustee services that is subject to appointment and removal solely by that founder or, following a founder s death or during the founder s disability event, by the founder s designated proxy (who may be the other founder or another person selected by the founder and approved to act in that role by the independent members of our board of directors). A qualified trustee may not have any pecuniary interest in any Class B common stock or Class C common stock held by any entity of which that person is a trustee. Shares of Class C common stock held by a founder s qualified trustee will convert to Class B common stock nine months after the death of that founder. Termination of a founder s employment or services with us does not result in conversion of Class C common stock held by such founder. 
 Once transferred and converted into Class A common stock, the Class B common stock may not be reissued. Once transferred and converted into Class B common stock, the Class C common stock may not be reissued. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Our board of directors may, without further action by our stockholders, fix the rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions of up to an aggregate of 500,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and authorize their issuance. These rights, preferences, and privileges could include dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences, and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of such series, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of our Class A common stock, Class B common stock, or Class C common stock. Any issuance of our preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power of holders of our Class B common stock or Class C common stock, and the likelihood that such holders would receive dividend payments and payments on liquidation. In addition, the issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change of control or other corporate action. 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Delaware Law and Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 Because our stockholders do not have cumulative voting rights, stockholders holding a majority of the voting power of our shares of common stock will be able to elect all of our directors. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide for stockholder actions at a duly called meeting of stockholders or, before the date on which all shares of common stock convert into a single class, by written consent. A special meeting of stockholders may be called by a majority of the total number of authorized directors of our board of directors, the chair of our board of directors, our chief executive officer, or, before the date on which all shares of common stock convert into a single class, the holders of at least 30 of the total voting power of our Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common stock, voting together as a single class. Our bylaws include an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting of our stockholders, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our board of directors. 
 Our certificate of incorporation further provides for a tri-class common stock structure, which provides Mr. Spiegel, our co-founder and Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Murphy, our co-founder and Chief Technology Officer, or Mr. Spiegel alone, with control over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets. 
 The foregoing provisions will make it more difficult for our existing stockholders, other than Mr. Spiegel and Mr. Murphy, or Mr. Spiegel alone, to replace our board of directors as well as for another party to obtain control of us by replacing our board of directors. Since our board of directors has the power to retain and discharge our officers, these provisions could also make it more difficult for existing stockholders or another party to effect a change in management. In addition, the authorization of undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change our control. 
 These provisions, including the tri-class structure of our common stock, are intended to preserve our existing founder control structure, facilitate our continued product innovation and the risk-taking that it requires, permit us to continue to prioritize our long-term goals rather than short-term results, enhance the likelihood of continued stability in the composition of our board of directors and its policies, and discourage certain types of transactions that may involve an actual or threatened acquisition of us. These provisions are also designed to reduce our vulnerability to an unsolicited acquisition proposal and to discourage certain tactics that may be used in proxy fights. However, such provisions could have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares and may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in our control or management. As 
 5 

a consequence, these provisions may also inhibit fluctuations in the market price of our stock that could result from actual or rumored takeover attempts. 
 When we have a class of voting stock that is either listed on a national securities exchange or held of record by more than 2,000 stockholders, we will be subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL. Section 203 of the DGCL prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, subject to certain exceptions. 
 Choice of Forum 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf (ii) any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty (iii) any action asserting a claim against us arising under the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation, or our bylaws or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 This provision would not apply to actions brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all Securities Act claims, which means both courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our certificate of incorporation provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. 
 Listing 
 Our Class A common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol SNAP. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC. 
 6 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 snap-20221231xexx211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Snap LLC Nevada Snap Group Limited United Kingdom Snap International I Limited United Kingdom Snap International II Limited United Kingdom Snap Intermediate Inc. Delaware Snap Group SAS France Snap Aus Pty Ltd Australia Snap ULC Canada Snap Camera GmbH Germany 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 snap-20221231xexx231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statements (Form S-8 No. 333-216495, 333-224591, 333-229530, 333-236257, 333-252789, 333-262543) pertaining to the Snap Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, Snap Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, Snap Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, Snap Inc. 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and a separate Snap Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-3 ASR No. 333-252796) of Snap Inc. 
 
 of our reports dated January 31, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Snap Inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Snap Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Snap Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Los Angeles, California 
 January 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 snap-20221231xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Evan Spiegel, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Snap Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date January 31, 2023 
 s Evan Spiegel Evan Spiegel Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 snap-20221231xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Derek Andersen, certify that 
 (1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Snap Inc. 
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 (4) The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 (5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date January 31, 2023 
 s Derek Andersen Derek Andersen Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 snap-20221231xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Snap Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 Date January 31, 2023 
 s Evan Spiegel Evan Spiegel Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date January 31, 2023 
 s Derek Andersen Derek Andersen Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 snap-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 snap-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 snap-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 snap-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 snap-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

