<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230310_10-K_edgar_data_1877461_0001477932-23-001430.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2193055</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>88139</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>468406</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>550239</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>457648</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>582905</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-001430.hdr.sgml : 20230310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310165509
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-001430
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			1606 CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001877461
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-MISCELLANEOUS NONDURABLE GOODS [5190]
		IRS NUMBER:				861497346
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56467
		FILM NUMBER:		23724454

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2425 E. CAMELBACK RD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		602-481-1544

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2425 E. CAMELBACK RD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85016

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-001430.txt : 20230310

10-K
 1
 onesix_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

onesix_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM Mark One ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission File No. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) Phone: ) (Registrant s telephone number) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: (Title of Class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the most recent sale of the common equity, as of the last business day of the registrants most recently completed second fiscal quarter was . Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: As of March 7, 2023, the Company had outstanding shares of its common stock, par value 0.0001. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Securities Act of 1933 that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements convey our current expectations or forecasts of future events. All statements contained in this Annual Report other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding our future financial position, business strategy, budgets, projected costs, plans and objectives of management for future operations. The words may, continue, estimate, intend, plan, will, believe, project, expect, seek, anticipate, should, could, would, potential, or the negative of those terms and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not necessarily mean that a statement is not forward-looking. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. All of these forward-looking statements are based on information available to us at this time, and we assume no obligation to update any of these statements. Actual results could differ from those projected in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those identified in Business, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere. We urge you to review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report, and those detailed from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, that attempt to advise you of the risks and factors that may affect our future results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include, among others, our ability to make good decisions about the deployment of capital, our substantial capital requirements and absence of liquidity, competition, our inability to obtain maximum value for our holdings, our ability to attract and retain qualified employees, our ability to execute our strategy, market valuations in sectors in which we operate, our need to manage our assets, and risks associated with our assets and their performance, including the fact that most have a limited history and a history of operating losses, face intense competition and may never be profitable, the effect of economic conditions in the business sectors in which our partner companies operate, compliance with government regulation and legal liabilities. Many of these factors are beyond our ability to predict or control. In addition, as a result of these and other factors, our past financial performance should not be relied on as an indication of future performance. All forward-looking statements attributable to us, or to persons acting on our behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. In light of these risks and uncertainties, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this report might not occur. JOBS Act We qualify as an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups (JOBS) Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act). As an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure and other requirements that are otherwise applicable generally to public companies. Pursuant to these provisions: we are not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act); we have (i) reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and (ii) exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation, including golden parachute compensation. We may take advantage of these provisions for up to five years or until such earlier time that we are no longer an emerging growth company. We would cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest to occur of (1) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have more than 1.07 billion in annual revenue; (2) the date we qualify as a large accelerated filer, with at least 700 million of public float (3) the issuance, in any three-year period, by us of more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities held by non-affiliates; and (4) the last day of the fiscal year ending after the fifth anniversary of our initial public offering. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can use the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This permits an emerging growth company to delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the exemptions discussed above. Accordingly, the information contained herein may be different than the information you receive from other public companies. TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 8 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 8 Item 2. Properties. 8 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 8 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 8 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 9 Item 6. [Reserved] 9 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 9 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 12 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 13 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures. 14 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 14 Item 9B. Other Information. 14 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections. 14 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 15 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 16 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 18 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 19 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 20 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 21 Item 16. Form 10 K Summary. 21 Signatures 22 3 Table of Contents Item 1. Business Company Overview The Company was incorporated in Nevada in February 2021 as a spin-off from Singlepoint Inc. in April 2021. We offer nicotine-free and tobacco-free alternatives to traditional cigarettes and vaping products. Our manufacturers use state of the art manufacturing in the United States and a blend of all-natural ingredients to provide smokers aged 21+ an alternative to traditional cigarettes that does not contain nicotine or tobacco, and promote health benefits such as pain management, reduced anxiety and enhanced wakefulness. Our smokable hemp cigarettes are an alternative for customers that currently smoke or want to quit smoking nicotine. All our hemp cigarettes are manufactured with 100 premium hemp flower and are nicotine-free, tobacco-free and organically grown free of pesticides and other contaminants. Our key customers comprise distributors and retail customers, including convenience stores, smoke shops and individual purchasers. We are focused on increasing our retail footprint concentrating on regional expansion in addition to continuing to grow our online presence and retail distribution network. We sell our products directly online through our website, www.1606hemp.com, and ship them directly to anywhere within the United States. Our products are also sold in approximately 300 retail stores. With our corporate headquarters located in Phoenix, AZ and our executive team experienced in tobacco sales, distribution, commercialization, and marketing, we believe our product 1606 Original Hemp is positioned to become the market leader in the smokable industrial hemp cigarette marketplace. We have released four primary flavor variants namely Original, Smooth, Menthol, and Mango. Original is a full-flavored product which has been developed to closely emulate the taste experience of a regular tobacco cigarette. Smooth has been developed to produce a flavor profile which is milder in taste. Menthol has been developed to mimic the taste profile of a mentholated tobacco cigarette. Mango has been developed to produce a product that appeals to consumers that want a flavored product. 1606 will market its products under the 1606 Hemp brand for the Original Hemp product and under Zero for the product that has no Marijuana smell. Through the application of a flavoring treatment, they can completely transform the raw material into a finished product that tastes and smells similar to tobacco when combusted. This material is referred to as Base Cigarette Material BCM ). Similarly, to fine-cut tobacco, BCM is derived entirely from plant matter, however BCM is fundamentally different from fine-cut tobacco in that it has no tobacco content whatsoever. As such, BCM contains no nicotine, is non-addictive, and undergoes substantially different processing than fine-cut tobacco. This process forms a significant part of the value of Zero brand and is a closely guarded trade secret. Distribution Through a combination of online, in-store, and digital out-of-home campaigns targeted towards smokers aged 21 or older, the Company has cultivated considerable interest in 1606 across the United States. We have used our interactive website, 1606hemp.com, for e-commerce sales of 1606 hemp to consumers throughout the United States. The site uses articles and scientific studies to inform the consumer of the benefits of using hemp instead of tobacco and nicotine. Customers are then able to purchase packs and cartons directly from the website and have them shipped to them throughout the U.S. excluding Idaho. Our Strategy The current market for combustible (smokable) products worldwide is valued at 932 billion. The combustible market includes traditional cigarettes, cigars, electronic vapes, and combustible hemp products, but has historically been dominated by traditional cigarettes, which account for 75 of the worldwide tobacco sales. The CDC states that 34 million American adults currently smoke cigarettes and over 70 have some desire to quit. While the cannabidiol CBD market has many products, the combustible market has a smaller number of competitors of which 1606 is one. Grandview Research has shown that the combustible market is projected to increase by 1.3 through the year 2028, with a growing smokable hemp segment as smoking hemp is becoming more acceptable in mainstream society for those who smoke and for its many health benefits. In fact, Hemp Industry Daily reports tobacco smokers are 191 more likely to use hemp pre-rolls than the general population. Approximately 29 of cigarette smokers have indicated interested in smokable hemp. Our strategy is to capitalize on the current growing demand for smokable hemp by offering nicotine-free, tobacco-free and organically grown hemp that commands premium pricing for all of our distributed and proprietary branded products. Moreover, we leverage our impressive social media following to selectively e-market to customers that ordered our products and people engaged in the business of smokables distribution and sales. 4 Table of Contents After examining the sales landscape for the past 18 months, we believe our prices reflect the best value to customers in terms of price to quality and price to scale to a national market. Products We distribute and market industrial grade smokable filtered hemp, containing less than 0.3 THC levels in accordance with the Farm Bill passed in 2018. We offer pre-rolled hemp cigarettes in the traditional 20-pack casing as well as a single stick offered in a plastic casing that provides customers an opportunity to try the product at a lower price point before buying the 20 pack. We have also engineered an innovative six-pack display that can be placed directly on the point of sales counter. Our Competitive Strengths When compared to producers of hemp cigarettes, our product is unique in that the products made by these other companies do not closely resemble tobacco cigarettes in their taste, smell, or other experiential attributes. Likewise, when compared to producers of tobacco cigarettes, our product is unique in that it is designed to closely replicate the user experience of these products, though it does so with no tobacco or nicotine content. Thus, these are not necessarily direct competitors as the companies in question produce either hemp cigarettes which do not taste or smell like tobacco, or tobacco cigarettes with nicotine. We believe the following competitive strengths contribute to Company s success and differentiate us from our competitors: An established distribution network through various sales channels; Sustainable, organically grown hemp free of pesticides and other contaminants; Although we face competition from other manufacturers and competitors, we believe that our products will appeal to the consumer; Premium customer service; A management team experienced in tobacco sales, distribution, commercialization, and marketing; Employees We have two full-time employees, which includes our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Operating Officer. We retain the services of additional personnel on an independent contractor basis. We do not have any part-time employees but work with several consultants. Corporate Information Our principal offices are located at 2425 E. Camelback Rd., Suite 150, Phoenix, AZ, 85016. Our main telephone number is (602) 481-1544. Our website address is www.1606hemp.com. We have not incorporated by reference into this prospectus the information that can be accessed through our website and you should not consider it to be part of this prospectus. Government Regulation The 2018 Farm Bill was signed into law on December 20, 2018 and it removed hemp from the CSA, which means it is no longer a controlled substances under federal law. 5 Table of Contents The 2018 Farm Bill changed federal policy regarding industrial hemp, including the removal of hemp from the Controlled Substances Act and the consideration of hemp as an agricultural product. The 2018 Farm Bill expanded the definition of industrial hemp from the last 2014 Farm Bill. The 2018 Farm Bill also allows states and tribes to submit a plan and apply for primary regulatory authority over the production of hemp in their state or in their tribal territory. A state plan must include certain requirements, such as keeping track of land, testing methods, and disposal of plants or products that exceed the allowed THC concentration. Additionally, hemp is no longer classified as a Schedule 1 drug. Previously, the 2014 Farm Bill defined industrial hemp and allowed for state departments of agriculture or universities to grow and produce hemp as part of research or pilot programs. Specifically, the law allowed universities and state departments of agriculture to grow or cultivate industrial hemp if: (1) the industrial hemp is grown or cultivated for purposes of research conducted under an agricultural pilot program or other agricultural or academic research; and (2) the growing or cultivating of industrial hemp is allowed under the laws of the state in which such institution of higher education or state department of agriculture is located, and such research occurs. To comply with state regulations for commercial and research programs, growers must be licensed, registered, or permitted with the state agency overseeing the program. Requirements for registration, licenses and permits might include: Criminal background checks; Periodic renewals, usually every one-to-three years; Registering the location or Global Positioning System (GPS) coordinates of grow sites; Record keeping and reporting any sales or distributions including to whom it was sold or distributed, including processors; and/or Documentation from the state agency or institution of higher education to prove the grower is participating in an approved program. The state agencies overseeing these programs are typically authorized to conduct inspections, test the plants and review records. State agencies may revoke licenses and impose civil and criminal penalties against growers who violate regulations. Any activities involving industrial hemp that fall within the following would require a license: cultivation (including plant breeding/propagation); sale; importation; exportation; cleaning; preparing (conditioning); and, processing (including rendering non-viable and producing derivatives/products). The USDA announced October 29, 2019, the U.S. Domestic Hemp Production Program . The interim final rule governs the production of hemp under the 2018 Farm Bill. The interim final rule does not affect industrial hemp that was or is being cultivated under the 2014 Farm Bill programs. That industrial hemp remains subject to the requirements of the 2014 Farm Bill. Key take-aways from the USDA 161 page guidelines are as follows: Federal Pre-emption: The USDA re-confirmed that the 2018 Farm Bill pre-empts state law regarding interstate transport of hemp. Specifically, States and Indian Tribes may not prevent the movement of hemp through their States or Territories even if they prohibit its production. States that regulate hemp must do so in a manner that is at least as strict as the 2018 Farm Bill and the USDA federal plan. Importantly, they are permitted to regulate hemp in a manner that is more stringent than the USDA plan. This includes making the cultivation and commerce of hemp and hemp products unlawful, though it is unlawful for a state or Indian Tribe to prohibit the transport hemp through its borders. Seed Certification Hemp: The USDA will not establish a federal seed certification program. The USDA acknowledged the magnitude of this undertaking and has decided it is not feasible at this time. 6 Table of Contents Total THC: The definition of hemp is still based on the delta-9-THC concentration. However, the testing for THC will now include a calculation of THC-A, referred to in the Rule as potential THC , contained in a sample. If a testing method, such as gas chromatography, is used that converts THC-A to THC, (a decarboxylation method) then the sample must test at or below the 0.3 threshold. If a testing method is used that does not use heat, such as liquid chromatography, and thus does not convert THC-A to THC, the THC-A concentration will be multiplied by a factor of .877, and that value will be added to the THC concentration, which again must test at or below the 0.3 threshold. Acceptable Hemp THC Level and Measurement of Uncertainty (MU): These are new concepts for hemp introduced by the USDA interim rule. The purpose of these concepts is to acknowledge that there is a margin of error with testing, even with the most accurate testing methods. In order for a test to be deemed valid under the rule, the testing facility must provide a Measurement of Uncertainty (MU), which roughly correlates to a margin of error . The margin of error figure is added to, and subtracted from, the figure that represents the THC concentration to create a range. The 0.3 must fall somewhere within the range. Negligence Standard. The USDA plan creates a framework to protect licensees from criminal prosecution when their failure to produce a compliant hemp crop is the result of negligence. 15 Day Pre-Harvest Testing Window: Cultivators must submit samples to a certified lab fifteen (15) days prior to the estimated harvest date. Licensees must allow state and local law enforcement unfettered access to the cultivation sites. Uncertainty surrounding existing and future laws and regulations may impede our services and increase the cost of providing such services. The cannabis industry, including companies which sell products containing CBD, faces very uncertain regulation by the federal government. While the federal government has for several years chosen to not intervene in the cannabis business conducted legally within the states that have legislated such activities, there is, nonetheless, potential that the federal government may at any time choose to begin enforcing its laws against the manufacture, possession, or use of cannabis-based products such as CBD. Similarly, there is the possibility that the federal government may enact legislation or rules that authorize the manufacturing, possession or use of those products under specific guidelines. Local, state and federal cannabis laws and regulations are broad in scope and subject to evolving interpretations. In the event the federal government was to tighten its regulation of the industry, we would likely suffer a material adverse effect on our business, including substantial losses. In addition, we expect that there will be a constant evolution of laws and regulations affecting the CBD industry which could affect our operations. Local, state and federal hemp laws and regulations may be broad in scope and subject to changing interpretations. These changes may require us to incur substantial costs associated with legal and compliance fees and ultimately require us to alter our business plan. Furthermore, violations of these laws, or alleged violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our operations. In addition, we cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, and it is possible that regulations may be enacted in the future that will be directly applicable to our business. Hemp Cigarettes Hemp cigarettes enjoy a new, semi-regulated market. The product is early in the consumer adoption stage, so new companies have a chance to compete based on service, quality, and niche, and not just on distribution and funding. Currently, hemp cigarettes are not subject to the same levels of regulation as tobacco cigarettes, however there are a series of bills that are currently circulating throughout state governments in Indiana, South Carolina and North Carolina regarding the legality of the possession, sale, and consumption of smokable hemp flower. Most products currently on the market are unregulated and made with poor or low quality hemp. This can affect the marketplace, the consumer experience, and bring faster regulation into the space. Law enforcement has stated that smokable hemp and marijuana are indistinguishable based on smell and looks, thus making critical decisions more difficult as adequate training on this topic has not been provided, and many field tests only decipher the presence of THC rather than the concentration being greater than 0.03 . 7 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors. We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, as such, are not required to provide the information under this Item. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. The Company is neither an accelerated ler nor a large accelerated ler, as de ned in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act 240.12b-2 of this chapter), nor is it a well-known seasoned issuer as de ned in Rule 405 of the Securities Act 230.405 of this chapter), and as such is not required to provide the information required by this item. Item 2. Properties. The Company leases approximately 100 square feet of office space at 2425 E. Camelback Road, Suite 150, Phoenix, AZ 85016, at a monthly base rent of 580. The lease is on a month-to-month basis. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. From time-to-time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. We are not presently a party to any material litigation, nor to the knowledge of management is any litigation threatened against us, which may materially affect us. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 8 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information The Common Stock of the Company recently began trading in January 2023. Holders As of December 31, 2022, there were 37,428,394 shares of common stock outstanding, which were held by approximately 331 record holders. In addition, there were 56,635,000 shares of our Class A Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding, which were held by eight record holders. Dividends We have never paid cash dividends on any of our capital stock and we currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. We do not intend to pay cash dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no sales by the Company (which have not been included in a Current Report on Form 8-K) that were not registered under the Securities Act. Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans We do not currently maintain a Stock Option Plan or other Employee benefit Plan. Item 6. [Reserved] Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this Annual Report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include but are not limited to those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Our audited financial statements are stated in United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 9 Table of Contents Plan of Operation The Company was incorporated in Nevada in February 2021 and spun-off from Singlepoint Inc. in April 2021. Management believes the assumptions made to carve out the Company s underlying standalone financial statements from the consolidated Singlepoint results prior to the April 2021 spin-off are reasonable. Nevertheless, the financial statements may not include all the actual expenses that would have been incurred had the Company operated as a standalone company during the period prior to the spin-off. Actual costs that would have been incurred if the Company had operated as a standalone company would depend on multiple factors, including organizational structure and strategic decisions made in various areas. We achieved our goal of offering a nicotine- and tobacco-free alternative to cigarettes and vaping products using industrial grade hemp, and promoting health benefits such as pain management, reduced anxiety and enhanced wakefulness. Smokable hemp is an alternative for customers that currently smoke or want to quit smoking nicotine. All our hemp cigarettes are manufactured with 100 premium hemp flower and are nicotine-free, tobacco-free and organically grown free of pesticides and other contaminants. Our key customers comprise distributors and retail customers, including convenience stores, smoke shops and individual purchasers. We are focused on increasing our retail footprint concentrating on regional expansion in addition to continuing to grow our online presence and retail distribution network. We sell our products directly online through our website, www.1606hemp.com , and ship them directly to anywhere within the United States. Our products are also sold in approximately 300 retail stores. Results from Operations For the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to December 31, 2021. Net Revenue For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had total sales of 13,944 and 34,069, respectively. The decrease in revenues was directly related to the decrease in sales of hemp cigarettes. Cost of Revenue For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, cost of revenue was 12,762 and 21,696, respectively. The decrease was due primarily to lower sales in 2022 compared to 2021. Gross Profit As a result of the foregoing, our gross profit was 1,182 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with 12,373, for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in our overall gross profit was primarily a result of lower sales. Operating Expenses For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, total operating expenses were 541,219 and 313,634, respectively. The increase was across all expense categories and was a result of the Company expanding its business and also the additional costs associated with regulatory filings and potential stock listing and other costs associated with reporting as a public company. Net Loss For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, net loss was 540,037 and 301,261, respectively. The increase in net loss is primarily a result of higher legal professional expenses and contractor fees, combined with lower revenues. 10 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022, the Company has yet to achieve profitable operations, and while the Company hopes to achieve profitable operations in the future, if not it may need to raise capital from stockholders or other sources to sustain operations and to ultimately achieve viable operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s principal sources of liquidity have been cash provided by operating activities, as well as its ability to raise capital. The Company s operating results for future periods are subject to numerous uncertainties and it is uncertain if the Company will be able to become profitable and continue growth for the foreseeable future. If management is not able to increase revenue and/or manage operating expenses, the Company may not be able to achieve profitability. The Company s ability to continue in existence is dependent on the Company s ability to achieve profitable operations. To continue operations for the next 12 months we will have a cash need of approximately 500,000. Should we not be able to fulfill our cash needs through an increase of revenue and gross margin, we will need to raise money from outside investors through sale of common stock, issuance of convertible notes, debt or similar instrument(s). The Company plans to pay current liabilities by increasing revenue and gross margin through sales of Company services and or products, or through financing activities as mentioned above, although there is no guarantee that the Company will ultimately be successful doing so. Advances from Officer During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company borrowed 540,000 and 195,050, respectively in a series of payments, from the Chief Executive Officer in exchange for the issuance of a promissory note. The note does not bear interest and is due in a lump sum payment on December 31, 2023. Our cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 are summarized below: Year Ending December 31, 2022 Year Ending December 31, 2021 Net cash used in operating activities (610,151 (260,507 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities - - Net cash provided by financing activities 705,673 270,050 Net Change in Cash 95,522 9,543 Cash at beginning of year 9,543 - Cash at end of year 105,065 9,543 Net Cash Used in Operating Activities For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 net cash used in operating activities was 610,150 and 260,507, respectively due primarily to our net losses of 540,037 and 301,261, respectively. Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities None. Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 705,673 and 270,050, respectively. The increase was directly due to cash from equity and debt financing. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Estimates are used for, but not limited to, contingencies and taxes. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. The following critical accounting policies are impacted significantly by judgments, assumptions, and estimates used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 11 Table of Contents Loss Contingencies The Company is subject to various loss contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company considers the likelihood of loss or impairment of an asset or the incurrence of a liability, as well as its ability to reasonably estimate the amount of loss in determining loss contingencies. An estimated loss contingency is accrued when management concludes that it is probable that an asset has been impaired, or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company regularly evaluates current information available to us to determine whether such accruals should be adjusted. Income Taxes The Company recognizes deferred tax assets (future tax benefits) and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the book carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. The deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the expected future tax return benefits or consequences of those differences, which are expected to be either deductible or taxable when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Recent Accounting Pronouncements See Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements for discussion of Recent Accounting Pronouncements. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We are not currently a party to, or otherwise involved with, any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. Recently Adopted Accounting Standards None. Purchase of Significant Equipment We have not previously, nor do we intend to purchase any significant equipment during the next twelve months. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. Pursuant to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K 229.305(e)), the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item as it is a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1). 12 Table of Contents Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Index to Financial Statements Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB # F-1 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-2 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Stockholders Deficit and Parent s Net Investment for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Notes to Financial Statements F-6 13 Table of Contents Your Vision Our Focus REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Board of Directors and Stockholders 1606 Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of 1606 Corp. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders deficit and parent s net investment, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of 1606 Corp. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the entity will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the entity has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to 1606 Corp. in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 1606 Corp. is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ We have served as 1606 Corp.'s auditor since 2021. March 10, 2023 Turner, Stone Company, L.L.P. Accountants and Consultants 12700 Park Central Drive, Suite 1400 Dallas, Texas 75251 Telephone: 972-239-1660 Facsimile: 972-239-1665 Toll Free: 877-853-4195 Website: turnerstone.com INTERNATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF ACCOUNTANTS AND AUDITORS F-1 Table of Contents 1606 CORP. BALANCE SHEETS December 31, December 31, ASSETS 2022 2021 Current Assets: Cash Inventory Prepaids and other current assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) Current Liabilities: Credit card payable Accrued interest payable related party Note payable to related party Current portion of long-term Note payable to related party Total current liabilities Note payable to related party - long-term, net of current portion Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) Stockholders Equity (Deficit): Undesignated preferred stock, par value per share; authorized shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; no shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Class A convertible preferred stock, par value per share; shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total stockholders deficit Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-2 Table of Contents 1606 CORP. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Revenues, net of discounts Cost of goods sold Gross profit Operating expenses: Legal and professional Advertising and marketing Contract labor Selling, general and administrative Total operating expenses Loss before income tax Income tax expense Net loss Net loss per share basic and diluted Weighted average shares outstanding basic and diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents 1606 CORP. STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT AND PARENT S NET INVESTMENT Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Net Parent Accumulated Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Investment Deficit (Deficit) Balance, December 31, 2020 - - Net loss - - Transfers from Parent - - Issuance of note to former parent, Singlepoint Inc. - - Preferred stock distributed in connection with spinoff, April 7, 2021 - Preferred stock cancelled - Common stock distributed in connection with spinoff, April 7, 2021 - Common stock issued for cash - Other - - Balance, December 31, 2021 Net loss - - - - - - Common stock issued for cash - Balance, December 31, 2022 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents 1606 CORP. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Acquisition expense from related party Other Change in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Inventory Prepaids and other current assets Credit card payable Net Cash Used in Operating Activities Cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities: Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities Net cash provided by financing activities Accrued interest payable related party Note payable related party Proceeds from sale of common stock Net cash provided by financing activities Net Change in Cash Cash, beginning of the year Cash, end of the year Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Income taxes paid The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents 1606 Corp. Notes to the Financial Statements For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Table of Contents NOTE 2 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Cash Accounts Receivable and Credit Policy Inventory Revenue Recognition Cost of Goods Sold and Selling, General and Administrative Expenses F-7 Table of Contents NOTE 2 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Income Taxes Net Loss Per Common Share and shares of the Company s Common Stock were outstanding, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021 calculation, the shares issued in association with the spin off are treated as issued and outstanding from January 1, 2021, for purposes of calculating basic and diluted earnings per share, as prior to the April 2021 spin off no common shares were issued or outstanding. Advertising and Marketing and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. F-8 Table of Contents NOTE 2 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Segment Reporting Subsequent Events Recent Accounting Pronouncements Reclassifications F-9 Table of Contents and , respectively in a series of payments from the Company s Chief Executive Officer CEO in exchange for the issuance of a promissory note. The promissory note is not secured by Company assets, does not bear interest and is due in full on . The total due under this promissory note at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. During 2022, the Company paid for services to the Vice President of Operations and to another individual for web development services. Both individuals are children of the Company s CEO. In June 2021, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Singlepoint to purchase certain assets in exchange for the issuance of a promissory note (the Note for . The Note bears interest at , has a maturity date of , and requires monthly installment payments installments of beginning August 1, 2021. To date, the Company has made no principal or interest payments under the terms of the Note and is therefore, in default. As a result, the Company has classified the entire Note balance, plus accrued interest of , as a current liability as of December 31, 2022. On April 28, 2021, the Company sold a combined total of shares of common stock to three individuals who are children of the Company s CEO and Sole Director. Each individual paid and was issued shares of common stock. F-10 Table of Contents shares of common stock at par value per share and 100,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock at par value per share. The Company has designated shares of Preferred Stock as Class A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Class A Preferred Stock ). The remaining of Preferred Stock remains undesignated. Common Stock The affirmative vote of a majority of votes cast at a meeting which commences with a lawful quorum is sufficient for approval of most matters upon which shareholders may or must vote, including the questions presented for approval or ratification at the Company s Annual Shareholders Meeting. An amendment of the Company s Articles of Incorporation, however, requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the Company s total voting power for approval. Common shares do not carry cumulative voting rights, and holders of more than 50 of the common stock have the power to elect all directors and, as a practical matter, to control the Company. Holders of common stock are not entitled to preemptive rights, and the common stock may only be redeemed at the Company s election. Preferred Stock As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has shares of Class A Preferred Stock outstanding, of which shares are held by the Company s CEO. The former officers and directors of Singlepoint hold the remaining outstanding shares of Class A Preferred Stock. The Class A Preferred Stock has the following material rights and preferences (as are more fully set forth in the Certificate of Designation of the Class A Preferred Stock). Ranking The Class A Preferred Stock ranks, as to dividends and upon liquidation, senior and prior to the common stock of the Company. Liquidation In the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of the Class A Preferred Stock are entitled, out of the assets of the Company legally available for distribution, to receive, before any payment to the holders of shares of common stock or any other class or series of stock ranking junior, an amount per share equal to . Voting Conversion F-11 Table of Contents NOTE 5 INCOME TAXES (Continued) Permanent differences Valuation allowance Effective rate Significant components of the Company s estimated deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 are as follows: Total deferred tax asset Valuation allowance Net deferred tax assets The deferred tax assets associated with the net operating losses included in the table above reflect proforma net operating losses as if the Company were a separate taxpayer during the periods presented (until April 2021, when Singlepoint spun off 1606). F-12 Table of Contents ), and an incentive bonus as determined by the Board of Directors. The agreement automatically renews for additional six-month periods unless either party has provided written termination of this Agreement at least 90 days prior to the expiration of such term. In May 2021, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Lambrecht. The agreement provided that Mr. Lambrecht would serve as Chief Executive Officer of the Company for a term of three years at an annual salary of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ), and an incentive bonus as determined by the Board of Directors. F-13 Table of Contents NOTE 6 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued) days prior to the expiration of such term. Both executives have agreed to waive their rights to payment of any amounts due but unpaid under these employment contracts. shares of common stock to unrelated parties for . F-14 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We have performed an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our President, and our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our management, including our President, and CEO and CFO, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure due to the material weaknesses described below. Based on our evaluation under the framework described above, our management concluded that we had material weaknesses (as such term is defined below) in our control environment and financial reporting process consisting of the following as of the Evaluation Date: 1) lack of a functioning audit committee for the entire fiscal year resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal control and procedures; and 2) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives. A material weakness is defined under SEC rules as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the company s internal controls. A system of controls, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the system of controls are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that (a) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (b) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the our management and directors; and (c) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting None. Item 9B. Other Information. None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. 14 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. The names, ages, and positions of the Company s present executive officers and directors are set forth in the following table: Name Age Position Greg Lambrecht 60 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director Directors are elected annually and hold office until the next annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company and until their successors are elected. Officers are elected annually by the Board of Directors (the Board and serve at the discretion of the Board. Greg Lambrecht, age 60, became the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and a member of the Board of the Directors at the inception of the Company. Prior to this, Mr. Lambrecht was the founder, and served as Chief Executive Officers of Singlepoint Inc, for over ten years. Greg is a visionary entrepreneur backed by a robust tenure in operations, investor relations, and corporate leadership, As the founder of a leading consumer product distribution company, Greg negotiated agreements with the nation s largest retail outlets such as 7-11 (Southland Corp), Albertsons, and Costco representing 25,000 retail accounts. Greg is a graduate of Western Washington University with a degree in Marketing and Communications. The Company filed Form 8-K on January 24, 2023 announcing that on January 20, 2023, Mr. Lambrecht, the sole Board member appointed pursuant to the Company s bylaws, Mr. Govindan Gowrishankar and Mr. Venu Aravamudan, as independent members of the Board of Directors. Mr. Lambrecht also appointed his son Austen as a Director. All members will remain on the Board until the next election of the shareholders. Mr. Gowrishankar, 57 years of age, is an entrepreneur and experienced executive who has grown companies and teams. He is a strong business development professional, skilled in SAAS, Mobile Advertising, Mobile Content, E-commerce, and Venture Capital. Mr. Gowrishankar has and does serve boards of both Public and Private companies. Venu Aravamudan, 58 years of age, has in excess of 30 years of experience as a software engineering and products leader delivering leading-edge offerings for enterprise customers. He was most recently SVP of engineering for Oracle's cloud platform and identity, leading a team of more than 1800 engineers. Prior roles have included SVP GM at F5 Networks where he developed the first generation of F5's cloud services offerings, General Manager at Amazon/AWS RDS leading cloud database offerings, and similar senior roles at Limelight Networks, VMware, and Microsoft. Venu has a master's Degree in Applied Math from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI) and an undergraduate in engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT). Austen Lambrecht, 25 years of age, started at Singlepoint working with the company in research and development with the solar and hemp subsidiaries. After the spin-off from Singlepoint, he worked under the CEO at 1606 Corp in business development and acquisition. Austen has been the Vice President of Operations since June of 2021. His responsibilities include sales, marketing, and investor relations. He attended the W.P. Carey School of Business at Arizona State University with a focus on Sports Business. There is no compensation at this time for Directors. There are no agreements with respect to electing directors. Except as set forth below, none of the directors held any directorships during the past five years in any company with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of such act, or of any company registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. The Board of Directors has not adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to the registrant s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. Corporate Governance Committees of the Board of Directors We have no separately designated standing audit committee, compensation committee, nominating committee, executive committee or any other committees of our Board. The functions of those committees are currently undertaken by our Board. We expect to put into place a separately designated audit committee, compensation committee and nominating committee upon the completion of this offering. The Board does not have an express policy with regard to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by stockholders since the Board believes that it can adequately evaluate any such nominees on a case-by-case basis; however, the Board will evaluate stockholder recommended candidates under the same criteria as internally generated candidates. Although the Board does not currently have any formal minimum criteria for nominees, substantial relevant business and industry experience would generally be considered important, as would the ability to attend and prepare for board, committee and stockholder meetings. Any candidate must state in advance his or her willingness and interest in serving on the board of directors. 15 Table of Contents Code of Ethics We have not adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our directors, officers (including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and any person performing similar functions) and employees. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings Our Directors and Executive Officers have not been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 1. any bankruptcy petition filed by or against such person or any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 2. any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 3. being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities or to be associated with any person practicing in banking or securities activities; 4. being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 5. being subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 6. being subject of or party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity or any equivalent exchange, association, entity, or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. The following table sets forth the compensation for our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 earned by or awarded to, as applicable, our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and our other most highly compensated executive officers as of December 31, 2022. In this prospectus, we refer to such officers as our Named Executive Officers. The following table sets forth information for our two most recently completed fiscal years concerning all of the compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to the executive officers named below. No other employees earned a salary over 100,000 in the last two completed fiscal years. 16 Table of Contents Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Greg Lambrecht, 2022 - - - - - - - - CEO; Chairman(1) 2021 7,200 - - - - - - 7,200 Corey Lambrecht, 2022 - -- - - - - - 0 Former CFO (1) 2021 - - - - - - - 0 William Ralston 2020 11,046 - - - - - - 11,046 Former President (2) 2021 - - - - - - - 0 (1) Corey Lambrecht served as CFO of the Company from inception to his resignation on April 23, 2021. (2) William Ralston served as President of the Company from inception to his resignation on April 23, 2021. Directors Compensation During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our directors were not paid any compensation for serving as Directors of the Company. Employment Agreements Except for the following agreements, the Company does not have any written agreements with any of its executive officers. The following discussion is a summary of the material terms of the employment agreements and is subject to the full copy of the respective employment agreement (all capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein are defined in the respective employment agreement): In June 2021, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Austen Lambrecht, who is a son of the Company s CEO. The agreement provided that Austen Lambrecht would serve as Vice President - Operations for a term of three years at an annual salary of Sixty Thousand Dollars 60,000), and an incentive bonus as determined by the Board of Directors. The agreement automatically renews for additional six-month periods unless either party has provided written termination of this Agreement at least 90 days prior to the expiration of such term. On May 10, 2021 the Company entered into an employment agreement with Greg Lambrecht (Director and officer of the Company) to serve as Chief Operating Officer of the Company at an annual salary of 250,000. The agreement provides for a term of three years and will automatically be renewed for additional six month periods unless either party has provided written termination of this Agreement at least 90 days prior to the expiration of such term. If employment is terminated as a result of death or Disability, the Company shall pay to the base salary and any accrued but unpaid bonus and expense reimbursement amounts through the date of his death or disability and a lump sum payment equal to one year of base salary (at the time his death or disability occurs) within 30 days of his death or disability. In the event the Company does not have the cash flow to pay such amount within 30 days as set forth above, the Company may make such payments over 12 equal monthly installments. If employment is terminated by the Board of Directors of the Company for Cause (as defined in the agreement), then the Company shall pay to the base salary through the date of his termination and shall have no further obligation to any other compensation or benefits. If employment is terminated by the Company (or its successor) upon the occurrence of a change of control or within six (6) months thereafter, the Company (or its successor, as applicable) shall (i) continue to pay to the base salary for a period of twelve (12) months following such termination, (ii) pay the any accrued and any earned but unpaid bonus, (iii) pay the bonus he would have earned had he remained with the Company for six (6) months from the date which such termination occurs, and (iv) pay expense reimbursement amounts through the date of termination. If employment is terminated by Mr. Lambrecht for Good Reason, or by the Company without Cause, then the Company shall (i) pay a single lump sum cash payment within five business days of such termination equal to six (6) times the then monthly base salary in effect regardless of when such termination occurs (provided, that in the event the Company does not have the cash flow to pay such amount within five business days as set forth above, the Company may make such payments over 12 equal monthly installments), and (ii) pay the bonus Mr. Lambrecht would have earned had he remained with the Company for six (6) months from the date which such termination occurs, and (iii) pay any expense reimbursement amounts owed, and payment for any unused vacation days, through the date of termination. 17 Table of Contents Overview of Compensation Program We currently do not maintain a Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Until a formal committee is established, our entire Board of Directors has responsibility for establishing, implementing, and continually monitoring adherence with the Company s compensation philosophy. The Board of Directors ensures that the total compensation paid to the executives is fair, reasonable, and competitive. Compensation Philosophy and Objectives The Board of Directors believes that the most effective executive compensation program is one that is designed to reward the achievement of specific annual, long-term and strategic goals by the Company and that aligns executives interests with those of the stockholders by rewarding performance above established goals, with the ultimate objective of improving stockholder value. As a result of the size of the Company, the Board evaluates both performance and compensation on an informal basis. Upon hiring additional executives, the Board intends to establish a Compensation Committee to evaluate both performance and compensation to ensure that the Company maintains its ability to attract and retain superior employees in key positions and that compensation provided to key employees remains competitive. Role of Executive Officers in Compensation Decisions The Board of Directors makes all compensation decisions for, and approves recommendations regarding equity awards to, the executive officers and directors of the Company. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The following tables set forth, as of December 31, 2022, certain information concerning the beneficial ownership of our capital stock, including our common stock, and Class A Convertible Preferred Stock, by: each stockholder known by us to own beneficially 5 or more of any class of our outstanding stock; each director; each named executive officer; all our executive officers and directors as a group; and each person, or group of affiliated persons, who is known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of any class of our outstanding stock. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all shares of common stock that they beneficially owned, subject to applicable community property laws. Unless otherwise specified the address for each of the above is 2425 E Camelback Rd., Suite 150, Phoenix, AZ 85016. Our calculation of the percentage of beneficial ownership prior to this offering is based on 37,428,394 shares of common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022, we also have 56,635,000 shares of Class A Preferred Stock outstanding. We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC, and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person or persons, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person or persons (and only such person or persons) by reason of these acquisition rights. 18 Table of Contents Name Shares of Common Stock Percentage of Common Stock Executive Officers and Directors (2) Greg Lambrecht (1) 227,869 Officers and Directors as a Group (1 individual) 5 or greater owners: 227,869 Less than 1 . Total (1) Does not include 31,230,000 shares of Class A Preferred Stock owned by Greg Lambrecht. (2) Former officers and directors William Ralston and Corey Lambrecht, own 292,924 and 334,001 shares of common stock of the Company respectively, and 9,375,000 and 2,175,000 shares of Class A Preferred Stock of the Company respectively. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. Transactions with Related Persons Except as set out below, since the beginning of the Company s last fiscal year, there have been no transactions, or currently proposed transactions, in which the Company was or is to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds 120,000, and in which any of the following people had or will have a direct or indirect material interest: Any director or executive officer of the Company; Any immediate family member of a director or executive officer of the Company; and Any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, shares carrying more than 5 of the voting rights attached to our outstanding shares of common stock. 19 Table of Contents During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company borrowed 540,000, in a series of payments, from the Chief Executive Officer in exchange for the issuance of a promissory note. The note does not bear interest and is due in a lump sum payment on December 31, 2023. Stock Issuances to Officers and Directors None. Promoters and Certain Control Persons None. Independent Directors The Company has no independent directors. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. Principal Accountant Fees Services 2022 2021 Audit Fees 35,000 28,000 Audit Related Fees - Tax Fees All Other Fees 21,000 7,000 Total Fees 56,000 35,000 Audit Fees These amounts consisted of the aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in the Company s Form 10-Q or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years. Audit-Related Fees These amounts consisted of the aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s consolidated financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These fees were for professional services incurred in connection with accounting consultations and consultations regarding financial accounting and reporting standards. There were no such services by our principal accountants in 2022 or 2021. Tax Fees These amounts consisted of the aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for tax services including tax compliance and the preparation of tax returns and tax consultation services. There were no such services by our principal accountant in 2022 or 2021. All Other Fees These amounts consisted of the aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for products and services provided by the principal accountant, other than the services reported above. There were no such services by our principal accountant in 2022 or 2021. 20 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Schedules (a)(1) Index to Consolidated Financial Statements The Financial Statements listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Part II, Item 8, Financial Statement and Supplementary Data. (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules Other financial statement schedules for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 have been omitted since they are either not required, not applicable, or the information is otherwise included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes to consolidated financial statements. (a)(3) Exhibits The Exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index are attached and incorporated herein by reference and filed as part of this report. Item 16. Form 10 K Summary None. 21 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Securities 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 1606 CORP. Dated: March 10, 2023 By: /s/ Gregory Lambrecht Gregory Lambrecht CEO/CFO/Director Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Gregory Lambrecht Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, March 10, 2023 Gregory Lambrecht and Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer), 22 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX EXHIBIT NO. DOCUMENT 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act. 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 23 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 onesix_311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 onesix_311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) I, Gregory Lambrecht, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K for 1606 Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2022 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on the most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s other certifying officer and registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 1606 Corp. Date: March 10, 2023 By: /s/ Gregory Lambrecht Name: Gregory Lambrecht Title: CEO (Chief Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 onesix_312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 onesix_312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) I, Gregory Lambrecht, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K for 1606 Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2022 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s other certifying officer and registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 1606 Corp. Date: March 10, 2023 By: /s/ Gregory Lambrecht Name: Gregory Lambrecht Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 onesix_321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 onesix_321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 The undersigned, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of 1606 Corp., hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to their knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-K of 1606 Corp. for year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of 1606 Corp. Date: March 10, 2023 By: /s/ Gregory Lambrecht Gregory Lambrecht Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Gregory Lambrecht Gregory Lambrecht Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signatures that appear in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to 1606 Corp. and will be retained by 1606 Corp. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 onesix-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 onesix-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 onesix-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 onesix-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

