<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230113_10-K_edgar_data_1412659_0001662252-23-000007.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2488337</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>149413</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>549652</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>638983</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>470425</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>612616</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001662252-23-000007.hdr.sgml : 20230113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230113143654
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001662252-23-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20220930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Regenicin, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001412659
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-146834
		FILM NUMBER:		23528408

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 HIGH COURT
		CITY:			LITTLE FALLS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07424
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(973) 557-8914

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 HIGH COURT
		CITY:			LITTLE FALLS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07424

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Windstar Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070918

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001662252-23-000007.txt : 20230113

10-K
 1
 rgin10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 

For
 the period from to
 __________ 

Commission
 File Number: 

(Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction
 of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification
 No.) 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone
 number: 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act 
 
 Title of each
 class 
 Name of each
 exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 not applicable 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange
 Act: 
 
 Title of each class 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

State the aggregate market value of the voting and
non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average
bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed fiscal
quarter: Approximately as of December 31, 2022. 

Indicate
 the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as
 of the latest practicable date: 
 as
 of December 31, 2022. 

NOTICE: THIS 10K FILING DOES NOT CONTAIN
FINANCIAL OR OTHER INFORMATION WHICH HAS BEEN AUDITED OR REVIEWED BY OUR INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR REASONS SPECIFIED
HEREIN. WE INTEND TO SUPPLEMENT THIS FILING, AT A CURRENTLY UNKNOWN LATER DATE, WITH SUCH AUDITED FINANCIAL INFORMATION, IF AND WHEN
SUCH AN AUDIT CAN BE OBTAINED. 

1 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 5 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 6 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 6 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings
 
 6 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 6 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 7 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected
 Financial Data 
 9 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 9 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 11 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 11 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes
 In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 12 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 12 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 13 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 14 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 16 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 17 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 18 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 18 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 19 

2 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

 Item 1. Business 

Overview of key events of the year ended September 30, 2022 

During 2021-22, we continued to work on obtaining
funding in order to start clinical trials and gain FDA product approval for our product, NovaDerm . Having secured an Orphan
Drug Designation as a biologic for this product, we continued to comply with the FDA annual reporting requirements. 

To avoid the introduction of pathogens when using
materials from animals to produce drugs, devices, and biologics, NovaDerm and future Regenicin products all use tracible
and pure animal sourced materials. We have worked with the FDA to ensure we are meeting federal expectations in this regard during the
production process. 

We estimate that the completion of the IND and the
clinical trials will take at least 18 months and cost in excess of 7 million. In addition to the completion of the IND, the only other
significant gating item to enter clinical trials has been finding funding for this process. 

Subsequent to the end of this fiscal year, we began
selling materials and rights to our NovaDerm product to individuals through a new Nevada series LLC we set up, NovaDerm
Product Package LLC, as more fully described in the next section entitled Our Business Moving Forward In 2023 . These
rights and material sales generated a substantial amount of funding which we believe will provide us enough capital to complete the NovaDerm
IND and allow us to proceed with the Clinical Trials of our NovaDerm product. No assurance can be given, however, as to
the results of such Clinical Trials, any future FDA approval, or our ability to complete and offer our NovaDerm product
commercially in the future. 

Three board positions remain open on our Board of
Directors. 

Importantly, we are filing this annual report without
our auditor s review or any audit of our financial information or this report. Our reason for doing this is that we are still negotiating
with our potential auditors for the completion of an audit and review of our unaudited past years reports prior to obtaining an audit
of this current 10K filing. Instead, we have provided herein information as typically presented in our 10K annual report, including financial
information, which has not been reviewed or audited by any independent outside source. 

We intend, if and when able, to file an amendment
to this 10K filing with such audited information. We are unaware at this time when we will obtain the necessary audit of the current and
past filings; however, we will continue to provide current information to investors and the public when we are able through either our
EDGAR filings and/or through postings on our website. 

Our Business Moving Forward In 2023 

Subsequent to the end of this fiscal year, in October
2022, we set up a new Nevada Series LLC called NovaDerm Product Package, LLC NPP LLC ). During November and December 2022,
consistent with Nevada law governing this Master Series LLC, we then establish twenty-five (25) individual series LLCs, identifying each
with a series letter of A through T or AA through EE. Thus, each of these sub-entities were named NovaDerm Product Package Series A, LLC
through Series T, LLC, and then Series AA to Series EE, LLC (or NPP-A through NPP-T and NPP-AA through NPP-EE for short). 

Into each of these twenty-five individual Series LLCs,
we contributed the right and exclusive ownership to a certain amount of the bovine hides and corium we currently own and use as key materials
in the preparation of our NovaDerm product, as well as the right to designate: (a) the specific patient cultured skin to be prepared
from these materials; (b) the amount of this cultured skin to be prepared up to a designated amount and (c) the medical facility to receive
the fully prepared and processed NovaDerm cultured skin from these materials (these materials and combined designation rights are
collectively referred to herein as the NovaDerm Product Rights ). For NPP-A through NPP-T and NPP-AA through NPP-CC
we designated 33,333 cm 2 of these NovaDerm Product Rights. For NPP-DD we designated 30,625 cm 2 of NovaDerm 
Product Rights and for NPP-EE we designated 28,783 cm 2 of NovaDerm Product Rights. Each contribution of each of the NovaDerm 
Product Rights was provided in exchange for 100 membership interests in the Series LLC which represented 100 of all membership interests
issued. 

We subsequently transferred 99 of our membership
interests (or 99 membership interests) in each of these Series LLC to various Limited Liability Companies, held by individuals unknown
to us, in exchange for a pre-agreed payment. 

While we retain possession of the materials transferred
in each Series LLC contribution, we have a continuing obligation to segregated and manage those materials as well as to prepare the NovaDerm 
cultured skin product as designated by each Series LLC holder or their designate. The identified materials are currently set apart from
other such materials and are being held by us pending the identification of the patient and medical facility as instructed by each NovaDerm 
Product Rights holder. Notwithstanding this retention of possession by us, the ownership and legal title to the materials are retained
and fully vested in the individual Series LLC or its designate. 

3 

Table of Contents 

The above-described transfers of membership interests
in the Series LLCs generated a substantial amount of cash which we are obligated to use for the completion of our NovaDerm IND and the
administration of our product clinical trials. No assurance, however, can be given as to the success or failure of such IND or clinical
trials, or as to any future FDA decisions made following these trials. 

Our major objective for 2023 remains to complete the
requirements of our NovaDerm IND application and begin our clinical trials. It is estimated that the cost to finalize the IND will be
approximately 1.9 million dollars, and the cost to complete Phase 1/2 of the clinical trial will be approximately 5.0 million dollars.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete these tasks for these estimated amounts or that we will be successful in the
proving out our NovaDerm Product in this process. Indeed, clinic trials are notoriously difficult and expensive and are likely to
result in additional unplanned costs and a denial of FDA approval. 

As previously reported, our goal in obtaining funding
for this process has been to minimize shareholders' dilution as much as possible. We believe the manner in which we structured our sales
of NovaDerm Product Rights has successfully achieved this objective. We will continue to work with potential investors in order to
pursue other necessary funding based on our stated objective of successfully completing our planned clinical trials and obtaining FDA
approval for the commercial sale of our NovaDerm Product. It has taken longer to raise the funds than originally estimated; however,
we remain hopeful that our goal is now achievable. 

In the preparation of the IND application, we will
continue to develop the testing suggested by the FDA during our Pre-IND meeting. Our scaffold supplier continues to perform the FDA suggested
testing on collagen processing which addresses Bovine Closed Herd requirements for the enhanced safety and traceability of the collagen
scaffolds used to produce NovaDerm . We will be entering into discussions and evaluation of possible clinical trial sites
for NovaDerm as we proceed through the FDA approval process. Our discussions so far have confirmed that patient recruitment
and enrollment should be faster and less complicated than other clinical trials because of our Orphan Designation and the fact that the
surgical protocol will be similar to the grafting procedures currently in use at most facilities. NovaDerm should thus
require minimal physician training and documentation to complete the clinical trial, when and if conducted. 

We are in the process of preparing a detailed plan
and timeline for the filing of our IND and commencement of clinical trials and will provide this information when complete and approved
by our board of directors. Our initial trials are planned to begin with a total of ten subjects and an Initial Data Safety Monitoring
Board, (DSMB), review of safety on the first three subjects once they have reached 6 months follow-up. We do not intend to interrupt our
trial waiting for the DSMB report. Our management s approach is to set up the trials so as to allow for a seamless transition into
commercial production upon approval. We have arranged for sufficient Bovine Closed Herd corium to produce sufficient collagen scaffolds
to meet our needs for the clinical trials once the IND is approved. 

Our First Product Candidate NovaDerm 

Our first cultured skin substitute product candidate,
NovaDerm , is a multi-layered tissue-engineered living skin prepared by utilizing autologous (patient s own) skin
cells. It is a graftable cultured epithelium skin substitute containing both epidermal and dermal components with a collagen base. Clinically,
we expect our Cultured Skin substitute self-to-self skin graft product will perform the same as split thickness allograft skin. Our Autologous
cultured skin substitute should not be rejected by the immune system of the patient, unlike porcine or cadaver cellular grafts. Immune
system rejection is a serious concern in Xeno-transplant procedures which have a cellular component. The use of our cultured skin substitute
should not require any specialized physician training because it is applied the same as in a standard split thickness allograft procedure. 

NovaDerm does not require the large
harvest areas that are required when performing split thickness allograft procedures. NovaDerm is designed to need only
a small area of harvest material to cover the wound. This is a marked improvement over split thickness allograft skin which can be stretched
only 2 to 4 times its original coverage area. This results in limitations on how much burned area can be covered with this procedure.
When a patient has more than 50 of their body with full thickness burns, there is simply not enough harvest area available to cover the
burned area. As a result, the same area harvested must be allowed to grow back to get enough replacement skin, allowing for a high risk
of infection and even mortality. NovaDerm is expected to expand 100 to 400 times in coverage, greatly reducing this problem
as well as scarring caused by harvesting. 

Clinically speaking, a product designed to treat a
life-threatening condition must be available for the patient when needed. Our Culture skin substitute is being developed to be ready to
apply to the patient within the first month of admission to the hospital, when the patient is ready for grafting. Patients with serious
burn injuries may not be in a condition to be grafted on a predefined schedule made more than a month in advance. Therefore, in order
to accommodate the patient s needs, we are striving to ensure that our cultured skin substitute will have an adequate shelf life
and manufacturing schedule to ensure it is available whether the patient needs it the first month, or any day after, until the patient s
wound is completely covered and closed. We intend to provide a patient with enough NovaDerm to meet the patients 
needs in a single lot of material with adequate shelf life to be available when the patient is ready. With an extended shelf life and
enough material in the first shipment, a physician may perform a second grafting 5 to 10 days post the first grafting period. 

At this time, we first plan to seek FDA approval for
burns as an Orphan Biologic Product to establish significant safety data and then seek Biological License Approval. 

Our second product is
anticipated to be TempaDerm . TempaDerm uses cells
obtained from human donors to develop banks of cryo-preserved (frozen) cells and cultured skin substitutes to provide a continuous supply
of non-allogenic skin substitutes to treat much smaller wound areas on patients, such as ulcers. This product is expected to have applications
in the treatment of chronic skin wounds such as diabetic ulcers, decubitus ulcers and venous stasis ulcers. This product is expected to
be similar to our burn indication product, except for the indications, and it will not depend totally on autologous cells. In fact, it
may be possible to use the excess cultured skin that was originally produced for use on the patient that donated the cells to grow the
skin. Potentially, TempaDerm will be able to take this original cultured skin and use it on someone other than the original
donor. 

As currently planned, TempaDerm has
the possibility of using banked cells, or even frozen cultured skin substitutes, to carry inventory to satisfy unknown needs or large
volumes to meet the demands created in large scale disasters. Because of our focus to date on NovaDerm , we have taken
only limited steps toward the development of TempaDerm . We may also decellularize TempaDerm or NovaDerm 
to make collagen wound coverings containing all the natural growth promoters found in skin. 

We believe this technology has many different uses
beyond the burn indication. The other uses may include chronic wounds, reconstructive surgery, and potentially other complex organs and
tissues. Some of the individual components of our planned cultured skin substitute technology is expected to be developed for devices,
such as tendon wraps made of collagen or collagen temporary coverings of large area wounds to protect the patients from infections while
waiting for a permanent skin substitute. The collagen technology used for cultured skin substitutes, as designed, is expected to be used
for many different applications in wound healing and stem cell technology and even drug delivery systems. 

4 

Table of Contents 

Competition 

Several companies have
developed or are developing products that propose to approach the markets described above. There is only one other Autologous Cultured
Skin Substitute for severe burns designated as an orphan product candidate, the original Cutanogen s PermaDerm. This product was
licensed by Amarantus to Emerald Organic Products, but, to our knowledge, it has not be approved by the FDA or gone through any clinical
trials . 

In any case, we believe our product is superior in
design and function and, thus, provides significant advantages over this competitor. The advantages of our cultured skin substitute include:
(a) simultaneous delivery of autologous epidermal keratinocytes and fibroblasts organized with a unique collagen base, (b) it can be produced
and ready for patient use in 21 to 28 days, and (c) it has a shelf life of up to 2 weeks once produced. 

Government Regulation 

The Pediatric Medical Device Safety and Improvement
Act of 2007 (Public Law 110-85) provides that Orphan Product applications for pediatric use only, or for use in both pediatric and adult
patients, that are approved on or after September 27, 2007, are assigned an annual distribution number (ADN) and may be sold for profit
(subject to the upper limit of the ADN). In addition, once a product receives an Orphan BLA, the developer of the product receives up
to seven years market exclusivity for a specific indication following the product s approval by the FDA. 

Unrestricted sales of our cultured skin substitute
will not be permitted until we have obtained full FDA approval after data for safety and efficacy are collected from an approved clinical
study. Once an IND is submitted, we expect enrollment and treatment to require a full one-year of evaluation on each patient before our
product can be fully assessed for human use. The final 3 months of the evaluation is expected to be only a monitoring period. After collection
of data from the clinical trial and submission to the FDA, six months is typically planned for the FDA s review and comments before
a decision will be reached on whether or not to approve our product and what limitations on its use may be placed. Because of our Orphan
Designation, this review time is expected to be reduced significantly. 

Intellectual Property 

In 2016, we received a registered trademark for NovaDerm . 

Employees 

As of September 30, 2022, we had 3 employees. 

Subsidiaries 

In September, 2013, Regenicin formed a wholly-owned subsidiary for
the sole purpose of conducting research in the State of Georgia. This subsidiary has been inactive since its formation. 

On August 31, 2022, we filed articles of continuance with the states
of Nevada and Wyoming effectively moving our organizational jurisdiction from Nevada to Wyoming effective on that date. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

A smaller reporting company is not required to provide
the information required by this Item. 

5 

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments . 

A smaller reporting company is not required to provide
the information required by this Item. 

Item 2. Properties 

Our principal executive offices are located at
10 High Court, Little Falls, NJ 07424. Our headquarters is located in the offices of McCoy Enterprises LLC, an entity controlled by
Randall McCoy, our Chief Executive Officer. The office is attached to his residence but has its own entrances, rest room and kitchen
facilities. No rent is charged. 

We also maintain an office at 3 Arvida Drive, Pennington
NJ 08534, which is an FDA registered, cGMP compliant FDA audited facility. This office is owned by Materials Testing Laboratory, and
the principal is an officer of our company. No rent is charged. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

On September 30, 2013, we filed a lawsuit against
Lonza Walkersville and others in Fulton County Superior Court in the State of Georgia. 

Other than as mentioned above, we have no threatened
or pending litigation. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

N/A 

6 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity
and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

Our common stock was
previously quoted under the symbol RGIN on the OTCBB operated by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA and the OTCQB operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc. Few market makers continue to participate in the OTCBB system because of high fees charged
by FINRA and we are not quoted at all because of our failure in the past few years to provide audited financial information. Consequently,
market makers that once quoted our shares on the OTCBB system no longer are posting any quotation and trades are not generally available
on this or other market reporting services. 

Only a limited market exists for the purchase and
sale of our securities. There is no assurance that a regular trading market will ever develop again, or if developed, that it will be
sustained. Therefore, a shareholder may be unable to resell his securities in our company. Moreover, as a result of the limited trading
and information on the pricing of our stock we are unable to provide a table showing a range of high and low bid quotations for our common
stock during recent periods and we believe that any such information would be misleading because of the difficulty in determining these
quotations. 

Penny Stock 

The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer
practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a market price of less than
 5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system, provided that current
price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system. The penny stock rules
require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the
SEC, that: (a) contains a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary
trading; (b) contains a description of the broker's or dealer's duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the
customer with respect to a violation of such duties or other requirements of the securities laws; (c) contains a brief, clear, narrative
description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and
ask price; (d) contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; (e) defines significant terms in the disclosure
document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and (f) contains such other information and is in such form, including language,
type size and format, as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation. 

The broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting
any transaction in a penny stock, the customer with (a) bid and offer quotations for the penny stock; (b) the compensation of the broker-dealer
and its salesperson in the transaction; (c) the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information
relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and (d) a monthly account statement showing the market value of each
penny stock held in the customer's account. 

In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior
to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination
that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written acknowledgment of the receipt of
a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement as to transactions involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written
suitability statement. 

These disclosure requirements may have the
effect of reducing the trading activity for our common stock. Therefore, stockholders may have additional difficulty selling our
securities. 

7 

Table of Contents 

Holders of Our Common Stock 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 153,483,050 shares
of our common stock issued and outstanding, held by 112 shareholders of record, with others holding shares in street name. 

Dividends 

There are no restrictions in our articles of incorporation
or bylaws that prevent us from declaring dividends. The Nevada Revised Statutes, however, do prohibit us from declaring dividends where
after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend: 

1. we
would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business, or; 

 2. our
total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the rights of shareholders
who have preferential rights superior to those receiving the distribution. 

We have not declared any dividends and we do not
plan to declare any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2022
and September 30, 2021, we did not issue common stock. 

Shares and Warrants to be issued: 

No warrants were issued in fiscal years
ended September 2021 or 2022. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

The following table provides information about our compensation plans
under which shares of common stock may be issued upon the exercise of options as of September 30, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of securities
 to be issued upon exercise of outstanding option, 
 warrants and rights 
 
 Weighted-average exercise price 
 of outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights 
 
 Number of securities remaining 
 available for future issuances 
 under equity compensation plans 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

0 

0 

0 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

11,771,344 

0.02 

0 

Total 

11,771,344 

0.02 

0 

On December 15, 2010, the board of directors approved
the Regenicin, Inc. 2010 Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The Plan provides for the granting of incentive stock options, non-qualified
stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, stock units, performance shares and performance units to our employees, officers,
directors and consultants, including incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, restricted stock, and other benefits. The
Plan provides for the issuance of up to 3,542,688 shares of our common stock. 

On January 6, 2011, we approved the issuance of 885,672
options to each of the four members of the board of directors at an exercise price is 0.62 per share. The options vested over a three-year
period and expire on December 22, 2015. On May 11, 2011, the terms of the options were amended to allow for immediate vesting. On December
10, 2013, we approved the amendment to those options to change the exercise price to 0.035 per share. On December 22, 2015 the Board
extended the term of the options to December 31, 2021, and then extended the term of these options again with regard to its current active
board members until December 31, 2023. 

In addition, on January 15, 2015, the company entered
into a stock option agreement with an officer of the company. The agreement grants the officer an option to purchase 10 million shares
of common stock at 0.02 per share, and was to expire January 15, 2021. This option grant was extended by action of the Board of Directors
until December 31, 2023. 

8 

Table of Contents 

Warrants Issued and Outstanding 

No warrants were outstanding at September 30, 2022. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

A smaller reporting company is not required to provide
the information required by this Item. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain statements, other than purely historical
information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results,
and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words believes, project, expects, 
 anticipates, estimates, intends, strategy, plan, may, 
 will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result, and similar
expressions. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe-harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained
in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and are including this statement for purposes of complying with those safe-harbor
provisions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties
which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Our ability to predict results or the actual
effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors which could have a material adverse affect on our operations and
future prospects on a consolidated basis include, but are not limited to: changes in economic conditions, legislative/regulatory changes,
availability of capital, interest rates, competition, and generally accepted accounting principles. These risks and uncertainties should
also be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. We undertake
no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Further information concerning our business, including additional factors that could materially affect our financial results, is included
herein and in our other filings with the SEC. 

See discussion in section marked: Our Business Moving Forward
In 2023 

Results of Operations for the Fiscal Years
Ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 

We generated no revenues from September 6, 2007 (date
of inception) to September 30, 2022. 

We incurred operating expenses of 601,179 for the
year ended September 30, 2022, compared with operating expenses of 635,864 for the year ended September 30, 2021. Our operating expenses
decreased in 2022 from 2021, and are compared as follows: 

Operating Expenses 
 September 30, 2022 
 September 30, 2021 
 
 General and Administrative 
 635,864 
 663,749 
 
 Stock Based Compensation 
 38,083 
 34,738 

We incurred net other
expense of 38,083 for the year ended September 30, 2022, as compared to net other expense of 34,738 for the year ended September 30,
2021. Our other income and expenses for 2022 consisted of interest expenses of 36,258 and a loss on other than temporary decline in the
fair value of Amarantus stock of 1,825. Our other income
and expenses for 2021 consisted of interest expenses of 34,713 and a loss on other than temporary decline in the fair value of Amarantus
stock of 25. 

We had a net loss of 639,262 for the year ended September 30, 2022, as
compared with a loss of 670,602 for the prior year. The decrease in loss was due to the reversal of accounts payable in the year ended
September 30, 2022 of 31,340, which decreased the loss. 

Our net loss attributable to common stockholders for
the year ended September 30, 2022 was 692,216 compared to a net loss of 741,007 for the year ended September 30, 2021. The decrease
in loss was due to the reversal of accounts payable in the year ended September 30, 2022 of 48,791. 

9 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of September 30, 2022, we had cash of 14,568 and
investments of 925, for total current assets of 15,493. Our total current liabilities as of September 30, 2021 were 5,612,633. We had
a working capital deficit of 5,597,140 as of September 30, 2022. 

Operating activities used a net 27,291 in cash for
the year ended September 30, 2022. Financing activities provided 40,000 for the year ended September 30, 2022 and consisted entirely
of proceeds from loans from officers. 

We have issued various promissory notes over the
course of the last several fiscal years in order to continue funding our operations. The terms of these promissory notes are
detailed in Note F to the financial statements accompanying this Annual Report. While this financing has been helpful in the short
term to meet our financial obligations, we have been seeking other types of financing to fund our operations over the coming
year. 

Going Concern 

Our financial statements have been prepared assuming
that we will continue as a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course
of business. We have incurred cumulative losses to date, expect to incur further losses in the development of our business, and have
been dependent on funding operations through the issuance of convertible debt and private sale of equity securities. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans include continuing to finance operations
through the private or public placement of debt and/or equity securities and the reduction of expenditures. However, no assurance can
be given at this time as to whether we will be able to achieve these objectives. The financial statements do not include any adjustment
relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might
be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

In December 2001, the SEC requested that all registrants
list their most critical accounting polices in the Management Discussion and Analysis. The SEC indicated that a critical
accounting policy is one which is both important to the portrayal of a company s financial condition and results, and requires
management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect
of matters that are inherently uncertain. 

Accordingly, this is the policy we believe is the
most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations. 

1. Income Taxes - The Company accounts for income
taxes in accordance with accounting guidance FASB ASC 740, " Income Taxes ," which requires that the Company recognize deferred
tax liabilities and assets based on the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and
liabilities, using enacted tax rates in effect in the years the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred income tax benefit (expense)
results from the change in net deferred tax assets or deferred tax liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely
than not that some or all deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company has adopted the provisions of FASB ASC 740-10-05 "
Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes ." The ASC clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise's
financial statements. The ASC prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and
measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken guidance on de- recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting
in interim periods, disclosure, and transition. 

Development Stage Activities and Operations 

The Company is in the development stage and has had
no revenues for the current reported year. A development stage company is defined as one in which all efforts are devoted
substantially to establishing a new business and even if planned principal operations have commenced, revenues are insignificant. 

10 

Table of Contents 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

Any
recent pronouncements issued by the FASB or other authoritative standards groups with future effective dates are either not applicable
or are not expected to be significant to the condensed financial statements of the Company. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

A smaller reporting company is not required to provide
the information required by this Item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Index to Financial Statements Required by Article 8 of Regulation S-X: 

UNAUDITED Financial Statements: 
 
 F-1 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-2 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2022 and September 30, 2021 
 
 F-3 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Deficiency for the years ended September 30, 2022 and September 30, 2021 
 
 F-4 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2022 and September 30, 2021 
 
 F-5 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

11 

Table of Contents 

REGENICIN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

September 30, 
 2022 
 September 30, 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Common stock of Amarantus 

Total
 current and total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIENCY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses - other (related party of 
 and 

Accrued salaries - officers 

Promissory note payable 

Convertible promissory note - officer 

Loan payable 

Loans payable - officer 

Total
 current and total liabilities 

STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIENCY 

Series A 8 Convertible Preferred stock, 
 par value, shares authorized;
 issued and outstanding 

Common stock, 
 par value; shares
 authorized; issued and 
 outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Less: treasury stock; 
 shares at par 

Total
 stockholders' deficiency 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders' deficiency 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 1 

Table of Contents 

REGENICIN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

Year Ended
 September 30, 2022 
 Year Ended 
 September 30, 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss before other expenses 
 (601,179 
 (635,864 
 
 Other expenses 

Interest expense related
 party of ,

Change in unrealized loss on securities 

Total other expenses 

Net loss 

Preferred stock dividends 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Loss per share basic 

Loss per share diluted 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding basic 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding diluted 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 2 

Table of Contents 

REGENICIN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIENCY 

 (UNAUDITED) 

Additional 

Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Paid-in 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Treasury 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Capital 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Stock (1) 
 
 Total 

Balances at October 1, 2021 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Net loss 

) 

) 
 
 Balances at September 30, 2022 
 885,000 

157,911,410 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Balances at October 1, 2020 
 885,000 

157,911,410 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Net loss 

) 

) 
 
 Balances at September 30, 2021 
 885,000 

157,911,410 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

(1) The number of shares in treasury stock for all periods presented was 4,428,360. 

 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 3 

Table of Contents 

REGENICIN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

Year
 Ended September 30, 
 2022 
 Year Ended September 30, 
2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Unrealized loss on investment 

Accrued interest on loans and notes payable 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses - other 

Accrued salaries - officers 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds of loans from officers 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET INCREASE IN CASH 

CASH - BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH - END OF PERIOD 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 4 

Table of Contents 

REGENICIN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. On July 19, 2010, the Company amended its Articles of Incorporation to
change the name of the Company to Regenicin, Inc. On August 31, 2022, we filed articles of continuance with the states of Nevada and
Wyoming effectively moving our organizational jurisdiction from Nevada to Wyoming effective on that date. The Company's business
plan is to develop and commercialize a potentially lifesaving technology by the introduction of tissue-engineered skin substitutes
to restore the qualities of healthy human skin for use in the treatment of burns, chronic wounds and a variety of plastic surgery
procedures. 

The following weighted average securities have been
excluded from the calculation even though the exercise price was less than the average market price of the common shares because the effect
of including these potential shares was anti-dilutive due to the net losses incurred during 2022 and 2021: 

Convertible Preferred Stock 

Convertible Promissory Note 

Shares excluded from the calculation of diluted loss per share 

decrease to accumulated other comprehensive income, and a corresponding decrease to
accumulated deficit, as of October 1, 2018. 

Common stock of Amarantus BioScience Holdings, Inc.
("Amarantus") is carried at fair value in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Fair value is determined under the guidelines
of GAAP which defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures about fair value measurements.
Realized gains and losses, determined using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method, and unrealized gains and losses are included in other
income (expense) on the statement of operations. 

The common stock of Amarantus is valued at the closing
price reported on the active market on which the security is traded. This valuation methodology is considered to be using Level 1 inputs.
The total value of Amarantus common stock at September 30, 2022 is . The change in unrealized loss for the year ended September
30, 2022 and 2021 was 1,825 and 25 net of income taxes, respectively, and was reported as other expense. 

The carrying value of cash, prepaid expenses and
other current assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and all loans and notes payable in the Company s consolidated balance
sheets approximated their values as of and September 30, 2022 and 2021 due to their short-term nature. 

, the Company entered into a Sale Agreement, as amended on , with Amarantus BioScience Holdings, Inc. Amarantus ). Under the Sale Agreement, the Company granted
to Amarantus an exclusive five year option to license any engineered skin designed for the treatment of patients designated as
severely burned by the FDA developed by the Company. Amarantus could exercise this option at a cost of plus a royalty of
5 on gross revenues in excess of 150 million. T he option had not been exercised and had since
expired. 

Interest 

Accrued expenses 

.
On March 31, 2020, these advances were converted into a convertible promissory note. Interest on the note is computed at 
per annum and accrues from the time of the advances until the maturity date. The original maturity date was September
30, 2020, at which time all the accrued interest and principal became due. The note has been extended several times and most
recently to . For the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 interest totaling and
 respectively
was incurred and accrued. Lifetime accrued interest on the note was and
 at
September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included in accrued expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets The
note is convertible at the option of Mr. Weber into shares of the Company's common stock at the prevailing market rate on the date
of conversion. 

Loan Payable: 

In February 2011, an investor advanced 10,000. The
loan does not bear interest and is due on demand. At both September 30, 2022 and 2021, the loan payable totaled . 

Loans Payable - Officer: 

Through September 30, 2019, J. Roy Nelson, the Company's
Chief Science Officer, made net advances to the Company totaling . The loans do not bear interest and are due on demand. 

In September 2018, Randall McCoy, the Company's Chief
Executive Officer, advanced to the Company . The loan does not bear interest and is due on demand. 

From
July 2020 to September 2022, John Weber, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, advanced to the Company a total of . The
bears interest at 5 per annum and is due on demand. 

, the Company issued a 
promissory note to an individual. The note bore interest so that the Company would repay 175,000 on the maturity date of . Additional interest of 
was charged on any late payments. The note was not paid at the maturity date and the Company is incurring additional interest as
described above. At both September 30, 2022 and 2021, the note balance was .
Interest expense was 
for each of the years ended September 30, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Accrued interest on the note was 
and 
at September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included in accrued expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets. 

million
of net operating loss NOL carry forwards which expire in the years 2029 through 2037. However, the use of the net
operating loss carryforwards may be limited under Section 382 of the Internal
Revenue Code. Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), imposes an annual limitation on the amount of
taxable income that may be offset by a corporation s NOLs if the corporation experiences an ownership change as defined
in Section 382 of the Code. The Company has not yet undertaken the process to calculate these changes. 

Significant components of the Company s deferred
tax assets at September 30, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Unrealized loss 

Stock based compensation 

Accrued expenses 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

Due to the uncertainty of their realization, a valuation
allowance has been established for all of the income tax benefit for these deferred tax assets. 

The following is a reconciliation of the Company s
income tax rate using the federal statutory rate to the actual income tax rate as of September 30, 2022 and 2021: 

Effect of state taxes 

Effect of NOL 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total 

At September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company had
no material unrecognized tax benefits and no adjustments to liabilities or operations were required. The Company does not expect that
its unrecognized tax benefits will materially increase within the next twelve months. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related
to uncertain tax positions in general and administrative expense. As of September 30, 2022, and 2021 the Company has not recorded any
provisions for accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 

The Company files its federal and state income tax
returns under a statute of limitations. The tax years ended September 30, 2020 through September 30, 2022 generally remain subject to
examination by federal tax authorities. 

.92 per share) and .84 per share), respectively. 

At both September 30, 2022 and 2021, shares
of Series A Preferred were outstanding. 

Series B 

On January 23, 2012, the Company designated a new
class of preferred stock called Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Series B Preferred ). shares have been
authorized with a liquidation preference of per share. Each share of Series B Preferred is convertible into ten shares of common
stock. Holders of Series B Preferred have a right to a dividend (pro-rata to each holder) based on a percentage of the gross revenue earned
by the Company in the United States, if any, and the number of outstanding shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, as follows:
Year 1 - Total Dividend to all Series B holders = .03 x Gross Revenue in the U.S. Year 2 - Total Dividend to all Series B holders = .02
x Gross Revenue in the U.S. Year 3 - Total Dividend to all Series B holders = .01 x Gross Revenue in the U.S. At September 30, 2021, and
2020 no shares of Series B Preferred are outstanding. 

2010 Incentive Plan : 

On , the board of directors approved
the Regenicin, Inc. 2010 Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The Plan provides for the granting of incentive stock options, non-qualified
stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, stock units, performance shares and performance units to the Company s
employees, officers, directors and consultants. The Plan provides for the issuance of up to shares of the Company s common
stock. 

Effective October 1, 2019, the Company adopted ASU
No. 2018-07, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting ASU
2018-07 ). ASU 2018-07 expanded the scope of Topic 718 to include share-based payment transactions for acquiring goods and services
from nonemployees. The guidance also specifies that Topic 718 applies to all share-based payment transactions in which a grantor acquires
goods or services to be used or consumed in a grantor s own operations by issuing share-based payment awards. The adoption of ASU
2018-07 did not have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

On , the Company approved the issuance of 
options to each of the four members of the board of directors at an exercise price of ,
as amended, per share that were to expire, as extended, on December 31, 2018. Effective as of the expiration date, the Company
extended the term of those options for two of the directors to . All other contractual terms of the options remained the same. The option exercise price was compared to the fair
market value of the Company's shares on the date when the extension was authorized by the Company, resulting in the immediate
recognition of in compensation expense. There is no deferred compensation expense associated with this transaction, since all
extended options had previously been fully vested. The extended options were valued utilizing the Black-Scholes option pricing model
with the following assumptions: Exercise price of 0.035, expected volatility of 25.54 , risk free rate of 2.51 and expected term
of 5 years. 

On , the Company approved the issuance of 
options to one of its Officers at an exercise price of ,
per share that were set to expire on January 15, 2019. Effective December 31, 2019, the Company extended the term of those options
to . All other contractual terms of the options remained the same. The option exercise price was compared to the fair
market value of the Company s shares on the date when the extension was authorized by the Company, resulting in the immediate
recognition of in compensation expense, which is included in the results of operations for the year ended September 30,
2021. There is no deferred compensation expense associated with this transaction, since all extended options had previously been
fully vested. The extended options were valued utilizing the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions:
Exercise price of 0.02, expected volatility of 25.54 , risk free rate of 2.51 and expected term of 5 years 

Expected life is determined using the simplified
method permitted by Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107. The stock volatility factor is based on the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index.
The Company did not use the volatility rate for Company s common stock as the Company s common stock had not been trading
for the sufficient length of time to accurately compute its volatility when these options were issued. 

No stock based compensation was recorded the
years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021. 

Option activity for 2022 and 2020 is summarized as
follows: 

0.019 
 
 Granted 

Forfeited 

Options outstanding, September 30, 2021 
 
 0.019 
 
 Granted 

Forfeited 

Options outstanding, September 30, 2022 
 
 0.019 
 
 Aggregate
intrinsic value 
 0 

The aggregate intrinsic value was calculated based
on the positive difference between the closing market price of the Company s Common Stock and the exercise price of the underlying
options. 

The following table summarizes information regarding
stock options outstanding at September 30, 2022: 

1.25 

0.019 

11,771,344 

0.022 

As of September 30, 2022, there was no unrecognized
compensation cost related to non-vested options granted. 

F- 11 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

No events occurred requiring disclosure under Item
304 of Regulation S-K during the fiscal year ending September 30, 2022. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, we have carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period
covered by this annual report, being September 30, 2022. This evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and
other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange
Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our company s reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated
to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Based upon that evaluation, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of the end of
the period covered by this annual report. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934). Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2022 based on criteria
established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
As a result of this assessment, management concluded that, as of September 30, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was
not effective. Our management identified the following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which are
indicative of many small companies with small staff: (i) inadequate segregation of duties and effective risk assessment; and (ii) insufficient
written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of both US GAAP
and SEC guidelines. 

We plan to take steps to enhance and improve the
design of our internal control over financial reporting. During the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K, we have not been
able to remediate the material weaknesses identified above. To remediate such weaknesses, we hope to implement the following changes
during our fiscal year ending September 30, 2022, depending on available funds: (i) appoint additional qualified personnel to address
inadequate segregation of duties and ineffective risk management; and (ii) adopt sufficient written policies and procedures for accounting
and financial reporting. The remediation efforts set out in (i) and (ii) are largely dependent upon our securing additional financing
to cover the costs of implementing the changes required. If we are unsuccessful in securing such funds, remediation efforts may be adversely
affected in a material manner. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not
subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to an exemption for non-accelerated filers set forth in Section
989G of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 

12 

Table of Contents 

Remediation of Material Weakness 

We are unable to remedy our controls related to the
inadequate segregation of duties and ineffective risk management until we receive financing to hire additional employees. 

Limitations on the Effectiveness of Internal Controls 

Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and our Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting
are or will be capable of preventing or detecting all errors or all fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control
system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs.
Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements,
due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected.
These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns may occur because
of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people,
or by management override of controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None 

13 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance 

The following table contains information with respect
to our current executive officers and directors: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Principal Positions With Us 
 
 Randall McCoy 

72 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 John J. Weber 

72 

Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Dr. J. Roy Nelson 

73 

Chief Science Officer 

Randall McCoy has served as our Chief
Executive Officer and director since July 2010. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. McCoy served as President of McCoy Enterprises LLC
since its founding in May 2002. Mr. McCoy has more than 43 years of experience in the healthcare industry and has assisted both small
and major pharmaceutical/device companies address FDA issues. He served as Laboratory Manager and Instructor at both George Washington
University and Temple Medical School, and served as Program Manager at the Stanford Research Institute, Healthcare Division, of the David
Sarnoff Research Center. Mr. McCoy has also helped over 225 foreign and domestic companies introduce their FDA regulated drug and medical
device products into the US and world market. He currently holds over 30 US and international patents. 

John J. Weber has served as our Chief
Financial Officer and Director since September 13, 2010. Mr. Weber served as the Executive Vice President of Fujifilm Medical Systems,
USA from 2006 until 2009. While at Fujifilm he was responsible for overseeing all corporate activity with the exception of R D. In
previous positions at Fujifilm he served as Senior Vice President of Operations as well as Chief Financial Officer. 

Mr. Weber brings over 20 years of medical-related
corporate, operational and financial management experience to the Company. 

Dr. J. Roy Nelson Chief Science Officer
owns and operates a FDA registered cGMP audited laboratory. The Material Testing Laboratory holds a Schedule I-V DEA drug license and
with an electronic FDA submission portal. His laboratory provides material science supports for new medical devices and drug support
for major pharmaceutical as well as smaller companies. In addition to numerous medical device and drug developmental projects, he has
been on two FDA consent decree remediations writing SOPs and other FDA compliance documents. He has eight years experience working with
various collagen products, such as sponges. Prior to 1988 Dr. Nelson was a senior material scientist at RCA/SRI in Princeton, NJ. He
has more than twenty US patents. Dr. Nelson and Mr. McCoy have worked on numerous projects together since 1979 and share co-inventor
positions on various patents. 

Term of Office 

Our directors are appointed for a one-year term to
hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our
officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the board. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships between or among
the directors, executive officers or persons nominated or chosen by us to become directors or executive officers. 

14 

Table of Contents 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To the best of our knowledge, during the past ten
years, none of the following occurred with respect to a present or former director, executive officer, or employee: (1) any bankruptcy
petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy
or within two years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding
(excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) being subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed,
suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise
limiting his or her involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; and (4) being found by a court of competent
jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities
or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

Committees of the Board 

Our company currently does not have nominating, compensation
or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor does our company have a written nominating, compensation or audit
committee charter. Our directors believe that it is not necessary to have such committees, at this time, because the functions of such
committees can be adequately performed by the board of directors. 

Our company does not have any defined policy or procedural
requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for directors. The board of directors believes that, given the
stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little assistance until our business operations develop
to a more advanced level. Our company does not currently have any specific or minimum criteria for the election of nominees to the board
of directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees. The board of directors will assess all
candidates, whether submitted by management or shareholders, and make recommendations for election or appointment. 

A shareholder who wishes to communicate with our
board of directors may do so by directing a written request addressed to our CEO and director, Randall McCoy, at the address appearing
on the first page of this annual report. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to
our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar
functions. A copy of the Code of Ethics is attached to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2011 as Exhibit
14.1. 

15 

Table of Contents 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

Employment Agreement with Randall McCoy 

On July 16, 2010, we entered into an employment agreement
with Mr. Randall McCoy. The employment agreement has a three-year term that automatically extends in three-year increments unless notice
of non-renewal is given by either party at least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the then current term. 

The July 16, 2010, employment agreement provided
for an initial annual base salary of 250,000. Under an addendum to the employment agreement, however, dated August 2, 2010, Mr. McCoy
will earn an annual base salary of 125,000 until such time as we achieve a positive net income for the preceding calendar quarter as
determined in accordance with GAAP and reported in our financial statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the
Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Immediately upon our attaining such positive net income, Mr. McCoy s annual base
salary will be increased to 250,000 as stated in the July 16, 2010 employment agreement. 

The annual base salary will be reviewed each year
by our board of directors (or compensation committee, if we then have one), but cannot be decreased from the amount in effect in the
previous year. Pursuant to the employment agreement, Mr. McCoy is eligible for an annual bonus determined by our board of directors (or
compensation committee, if any). The employment agreement also provides that Mr. McCoy is eligible to participate in our equity incentive
plans and other employee benefit programs. 

Mr. McCoy s employment agreement imposes on
him post-termination non-competition, non-solicitation and confidentiality obligations. Under the agreement, he agrees not to compete
with our business in the United States, subject to certain limited exceptions, for a period of one year after termination of his employment.
Mr. McCoy further agrees, for a period of one year after termination of his employment, to refrain from (i) soliciting, inducing, encouraging
or attempting to induce or encourage any employee, contractor or consultant of the Company to terminate his or her employment or relationship
with Company, or to breach any other obligation to Company; and (ii) soliciting, interfering with, disrupting, altering or attempting
to disrupt or alter the relationship, contractual or otherwise, between the Company and any other person including, without limitation,
any consultant, contractor, customer, potential customer, or supplier of the Company. He also agrees to maintain the confidentiality
of all confidential or proprietary information of our company, and assign to us any inventions which pertain to or relate to our business
or any of the work or businesses carried on by us that are discovered, conceived, reduced to practice, developed, made or produced by
him during and as a result of his employment. 

The employment agreement provides for payments and
benefits upon termination of employment in addition to those previously accrued. If Mr. McCoy is terminated due to death, the salary
payable to Mr. McCoy thereunder (in addition to items previously accrued, but excluding medical plan and other benefits) shall continue
to be paid at the then current rate for three (3) months after the termination of employment in accordance with normal Company payroll
practices. In addition, any bonuses actually earned prior to the termination (including, as reasonably determined by the Board of Directors
or its Compensation Committee, a pro-rated amount of any annual bonus for the portion of the fiscal year during which termination takes
place) shall be paid to Mr. McCoy. 

In the event of the termination of Mr. McCoy s
employment due to disability, the salary payable there under (inclusive of paid medical plan then in effect and available, if any) shall
continue to be paid at the then current rate for three (3) months after the termination of employment in accordance with normal Company
payroll practices; provided, however, that the Company may deduct from such payments the amount of any and all disability insurance benefits
paid during such three-month period with respect to Mr. McCoy that were paid for by the Company during any period for which payment was
made by the Company during the term of the and prior to the termination. In addition, any bonuses actually earned prior to the termination
(including, as reasonably determined by the Board of Directors or its Compensation Committee, a pro-rated amount of any annual bonus
for the portion of the fiscal year during which termination takes place) which shall be paid to Mr. McCoy. 

The table below summarizes all compensation awarded
to, earned by, or paid to our officers for all services rendered in all capacities to us for our fiscal years ended September 30, 2022
and 2021. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 
 
 Name and principal
 position 
 Year 
 Salary
 ) 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Option 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings ) 
 All Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Randall McCoy 
 Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer and Director 
 2022 
 2021 
 250,000 1) 
 250,000(2) 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 250,000 
 250,000 
 
 John J. Weber 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 2022 
 2021 
 125,000 (5) 
 125,000 (6) 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 125,000 
 125,000 

Dr. J. Roy Nelson Chief Science Officer 
 2022 
 2021 
 150,000 (3) 
 150,000 (4) 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 150,000 
 150,000 

(1) 
 Of the 250,000 in salary to Mr. McCoy, 250,000 remains unpaid as accrued compensation. 

(2) 
 Of the 250,000 in salary to Mr. McCoy, 250,000 remains unpaid as accrued compensation. 

(3) 
 Of the 150,000 in salary to Mr. Nelson, 150,000 remains unpaid as accrued compensation. 

(4) 
 Of the 150,000 in salary to Mr. Nelson, 150,000 remains unpaid as accrued compensation. 

(5) 
 Of the 125,000 in salary to Mr. Weber, 125,000 remains unpaid as accrued compensation. 

(6) 
 Of the 125,000 in salary to Mr. Weber, 125,000 remains unpaid as accrued compensation. 

16 

Table of Contents 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The table below summarizes all unexercised options,
stock that has not vested, and equity incentive plan awards for each named executive officer as of September 30, 2022. 

OUTSTANDING
 EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 

OPTION
 AWARDS 
 STOCK
 AWARDS 
 
 Name 
 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options 
 (#) Exercisable 
 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options 
 (#) Unexercisable 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised
 Unearned Options 
 (#) 
 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 
 Option 
 Expiration 
 Date (1) 
 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 
 (#) 
 
 Market Value of Shares or
 Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards:
 Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares,
 Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested 
 (#) 
 
 Randall McCoy 

885,672 

0.035 

12/31/23 

John J. Weber 

885,672 

0.035 

12/31/23 

John J. Weber 

10,000,000 

0.02 

12/31/23 

(1) On December 31, 2018, the Board extended the term of the options to
December 31, 2023. 

Director Compensation 

There has been no director compensation over the
past three years. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth, as of January 6,
2020, certain information as to shares of our common stock owned by (i) each person known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our
outstanding common stock, (ii) each of our directors, and (iii) all of our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated below, to our knowledge,
all persons listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to their shares of Common Stock, except to the extent authority
is shared by spouses under applicable law. Unless otherwise indicated below, each entity or person listed below maintains an address
of 10 High Court, Little Falls, NJ 07424. 

The number of shares beneficially owned by each stockholder
is determined under rules promulgated by the SEC. The information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other
purpose. Under these rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which the individual or entity has sole or shared voting or
investment power and any shares as to which the individual or entity has the right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days
through the exercise of any stock option, warrant or other right. The inclusion in the following table of those shares, however, does
not constitute an admission that the named stockholder is a direct or indirect beneficial owner. 

Beneficial owner 
 
 Number of shares
 beneficially owned (1) 
 
 Percentage Owned (2) 
 
 Officers and Directors 

Randall McCoy 

18,707,313 
 (3) 

12.19 

John J. Weber 

10,935,672 
 (4) 

7.12 

Officers and Directors collectively 

29,642,985 

19.31 

5 Percent Shareholders 

Christopher Brown 
 100 N Tryon St. #4700 
 Charlotte, NC 28200 

10,000,000 

6.52 

(1) Unless otherwise indicated, each
person or entity named in the table has sole voting power and investment power (or shares that power with that person s spouse)
with respect to all shares of common stock listed as owned by that person or entity. 

 (2) A total of 162,333,050 shares
of the Company s common stock and Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, on an as converted basis, are considered to be outstanding
pursuant to Rule 13d-3(d)(1) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

 (3) Includes 17,821,641 shares of
common stock held in his name and options to purchase 885,672 shares of common stock. 

 (4) Includes 50,000 shares of common
stock held in his name and options to purchase 10,885,672 shares of common stock. 

17 

Table of Contents 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
and Director Independence 

Other than the transactions described below and under
the heading Executive Compensation (or with respect to which such information is omitted in accordance with SEC regulations),
since October 1, 2012 there have not been, and there is not currently proposed, any transaction or series of similar transactions to
which we were or will be a participant in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed 120,000, and in which any director, executive
officer, holder of 5 or more of any class of our capital stock or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons
had or will have a direct or indirect material interest: 

1. 
 Our principal executive offices are located in Little Falls, New Jersey.
 The headquarters is located in the offices of McCoy Enterprises LLC, an entity controlled by Mr. McCoy. The office is attached to
 his residence but has its own entrances, restroom and kitchen facilities. 

2. 
 We also maintain an office in Pennington, New Jersey, which is the
 materials and testing laboratory. This office is owned by Materials Testing Laboratory, and the principal is an employee. In 2016,
 we entered into a supply agreement to supply collagen scaffolds from a company owned by the same employee. 

3. 
 We have an employment agreement with our CEO, Randall McCoy, as discussed
 above. 

4. 
 Randall McCoy, our Chief Executive Officer, made advances to us. The
 loans to not bear interest and are due on demand. At September 30, 2022 and 2021, the loan balance was 4,500 and 4,500, respectively.

5. 
 John Weber, our Chief Financial Officer, made advances to us. The
 loans do bear interest at 5 per annum and are due on demand. At September 30, 2022 and 2021, the loan balance was 335,683 and
 335,683 respectively. 

6. 
 Randall McCoy and John Weber were principals and partners in Pure Med
 Farma, a Limited Liability Company which we have engaged to provide our Closed Herd collagen, see discussion above. 

7. 
 Roy Nelson, our Chief Science Officer, made advances to us. The loans
 do not bear interest and are due on demand. At September 30, 2022 and 2021, the loan balance was 26,935 and 26,935, respectively. 

Director Independence 

We are not a listed issuer within the
meaning of Item 407 of Regulation S-K and there are no applicable listing standards for determining the independence of our directors. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

We do not have an audit committee. Our Board of Directors
pre-approves all services, including both audit and non-audit services, provided by our independent accountants. For audit services,
each year the independent auditor provides our Board of Directors with an engagement letter outlining the scope of the audit services
proposed to be performed during the year, which must be formally accepted by the Board of Directors before the audit commences. The independent
auditor also submits an audit services fee proposal, which also must be approved by the Board of Directors before the audit commences. 

We are filing this annual report without our
auditors audit opinion of our financial statements for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021. Our reason for doing this
is simply that we cannot afford at this time to pay our auditor for past due services on prior filings or to pay the costs necessary
for this current filing. Instead, we have provided herein information as typically presented in our 10K annual report, including
financial information, which has not been audited by any independent public accounting firm. Our auditor is and their firm ID is
 . The firm is located at . 

As a result, we have not included a schedule of audit
fees related to fiscal years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021. 

We intend, if and when able, to file an amendment
to this 10K filing with such audited information. We are unaware at this time when, if ever, we will obtain the necessary funding for
this amended filing, but we will continue to provide such information to investors as and when we are able through either this SEC EDGAR
filing process and/or through postings on our website as things change. 

18 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules 

(a) 
 Financial Statements and Schedules 

The following financial statements and schedules
listed below are included in this Form 10-K. 

Financial Statements (See Item 8) 

(b) 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit
 Number 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 Articles
 of Incorporation, as amended (1) 
 
 3.2 
 Bylaws,
 as amended (1) 
 
 3.3 
 Articles of Continuance 
 
 10.4 
 Know-How
 License and Stock Purchase Agreement (2) 
 
 10.5 
 Form
 of Stock Option Agreement (5) 
 
 10.6 
 Employment
 Agreement for Randall McCoy (4) 
 
 10.7 
 Asset
 Purchase Agreement (6) 
 
 14.1 
 Code
 of Ethics (3) 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive
 Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial
 Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive
 Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form SB-2
 filed on October 22, 2006; also incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 29, 2010. 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed
 on April 27, 2011. 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on
 January 13, 2011. 

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
 July 22, 2010. 

(5) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
 May 17, 2011. 

(6) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed November
 17, 2014. 

19 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Regenicin, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Randall McCoy 

Randall McCoy 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer, and
 Director 

January 13,
 2023 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

By: 
 /s/ Randall
 McCoy 

Randall McCoy 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer, and
 Director 

January 13,
 2023 

By: 
 /s/ John J. Weber 

John J. Weber 
 Interim Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting
 Officer, and Director 

January 13,
 2023 

20 

 Table of Contents 

<EX-3.3>
 2
 ex3_3.htm
 EX-3.3

STATE OF WYOMING 

 Office of the Secretary of State 

I, EDWARD A. BUCHANAN, Secretary of State of the State
of Wyoming, do hereby certify that 

Regenicin Inc. 

an entity originally organized under the laws of Nevada
on September 6, 2007, did on August 31, 2022 apply for a Certificate of Registration and filed Articles of Continuance in the office of
the Secretary of State of State of Wyoming. 

I further certify that Regenicin Inc. renounced its
jurisdiction of formation and is now formed under the laws of the State of Wyoming in accordance with Wyoming statutes. 

I have affixed hereto the Great Seal of the State
of Wyoming and duly executed this official certificate at Cheyenne, Wyoming on this 31st day of August, 2022. 

Filed 8/31/2022 

/s/ Edward A. Buchanan 
 Secretary of State 
 
 By: Kaytlynn Whisenhunt 

1 

WY Secretary of State 
 FILED: 08/31/2022 02:59PM 
 ID: 2022-001155074 

APPLICATION FOR PROFIT CORPORATE 

ARTICLES OF CONTINUANCE 

OF 

Regenicin Inc. 

Pursuant to W.S. 17-16-1810 of the Wyoming Business Corporation Act, the
undersigned hereby submits 

 the following Articles of Continuance. 

FIRST 
 The name of the corporation is Regenicin Inc. 

SECOND 
 The laws in which it was incorporated under: Nevada 

THIRD 
 The date of its incorporation is: September 6th, 2007 

FOURTH 
 The Corporation is to have perpetual existence. 

FIFTH 
 
 The mailing address where correspondence and annual reports can be sent 
 1712 Pioneer Ave Ste. 500 
 Cheyenne, WY 82001 

SIXTH 
 
 The address of its principal office is: 
 1712 Pioneer Ave Ste. 500 
 Cheyenne, WY 82001 

SEVENTH 
 
 The registered agent for this corporation shall be: 
 Capital Administrations, LLC 
 
 The address of said agent, and, the registered or
 statutory address of this corporation in the state of Wyoming, shall be: 
 1712 Pioneer Ave. Suite 115 
 Cheyenne, WY 82001 

EIGHTH 
 
 The purpose or purposes of the corporation which it
 proposes to pursue in the transaction of business in this state: 
 
 (A) To do all things necessary or convenient to carry
 out its business and affairs, including without limitation power to: 

2 

(B) Sue and be sued, complain and defend in its corporate
 name; 
 
 (C) Have a corporate seal, which may be altered at
 will, and to use it, or a facsimile of it, by impressing or affixing it or in any other manner reproducing it; 
 
 (D) Make and amend bylaws, not inconsistent with its
 articles of incorporation or with the laws of this state, for managing the business and regulating the affairs of the corporation; 
 
 (E) Purchase, receive, lease, or otherwise acquire,
 and own, hold, improve, use, and otherwise deal with, real or personal property, or any legal or equitable interest in property, wherever
 located; 
 
 (F) Sell, convey, mortgage, pledge, lease, exchange,
 and otherwise dispose of all or any part of its property; 
 
 (G) Purchase, receive, subscribe for, or otherwise
 acquire; own, hold, vote, use, sell, mortgage, lend, pledge, or otherwise dispose of; and deal in and with shares or other interests in,
 or obligations of, any other entity; 
 
 (H) Make contracts and guarantees, incur liabilities,
 borrow money, issue its notes, bonds, and other obligations which may be convertible into or include the option to purchase other securities
 of the corporation, and secure any of its obligations by mortgage or pledge of any of its property, franchises, or income; 
 
 (I) Lend money, invest and reinvest its funds, and
 receive and hold real and personal property as security for repayment; 
 
 (J) Be a promoter, partner, member, associate, or
 manager of any partnership, joint venture, trust, or other entity; 
 
 (K) Conduct its business, locate offices, and exercise
 the powers granted by this act within or without this state; 
 
 (L) Elect directors and appoint officers, employees,
 and agents of the corporation, define their duties, fix their compensation, and lend them money and credit; 
 
 (M) Pay pensions and establish pension plans, pension
 trusts, profit sharing plans, share bonus plans, share option plans, and benefit or incentive plans for any or all of its current or former
 directors, officers, employees, and agents; 

3 

(N) Make donations for the public welfare or for charitable,
 scientific, or educational purposes; 
 
 (O) Transact any lawful business; and 
 
 (P) Make payments or donations, or do any other act,
 not inconsistent with law, that furthers the business and affairs of the corporation. 

NINTH 
 
 The names and respective addresses of its officers and directors are: 
 President: Dr. J Roy Nelson 1712 Pioneer Ave Ste. 500, Cheyenne, WY 82001 
 Secretary: Dr. J Roy Nelson 1712 Pioneer Ave Ste. 500, Cheyenne, WY 82001 
 Treasurer: Dr. J Roy Nelson 1712 Pioneer Ave Ste. 500, Cheyenne, WY 82001 
 Director: Dr. J Roy Nelson 1712 Pioneer Ave Ste. 500, Cheyenne, WY 82001 

TENTH 
 
 The aggregate number of shares or other ownership
 units which it has the authority to issue, itemized by classes, par value of shares, shares without par value and series, if any, within
 a class is: 
 
 Number of Shares 200,000,000 
 Class Common 
 Series 
 Par Value per Share 0.001 
 
 Number of Shares 4,500,000 
 Class Preferred 
 Series 
 Par Value per Share 0.001 
 
 Number of Shares 5,500,000 
 Class Preferred 
 Series A Convertible 
 Par Value per Share 0.001 

4 

ELEVENTH 
 
 The aggregate number of issued shares or other ownership
 units itemized by classes, par value of shares, shares without par value and series, if any, within a class is: 
 
 Number of Shar es
 153,483,050 
 Class Common 
 Series 
 Par Value per Share
 0.001 

TWELFTH 
 The Corporation accepts the Constitution of this state in compliance with the requirements of Article 10, Section 5 of the Wyomin g Co nstitution. 

Certification. I do consent
on behalf of the business entity to accept electronic service
of process at the required email address provided under the circumstances
specified in W.S. 17 - 28-104(e). 

Dated thi s
 26th day of August, 2022 

/s/ Jasmine James 

 Jasmine James, o n
b e half of Capital Administrations,
 LL C 

 Authorized Agent for Regenicin
 Inc. 

 tax@wyomingcompany.com 

State of
Wyoming 

 Ss 

 County of Laramie 

I , DeAnna
Montemayor, Notary Public, do h e r e by
 certify th a t
 on thi s 26th
day of August, 2022, personally appea r ed
 before m e Jasmine
 James , 

In w itn ess
w h ereof, I h ave
 hereun to se t m y
 hand and seal thi s
 26th day of August, 2022. 

/s/ DeAnna Montemayor 

 My Commission Expires: 04/30/2028 

5 

CONSENT TO 

 APPOINTMENT BY REGISTERED AGENT 

I. Capital Administrations, LLC, located
 at 1712 Pioneer Ave.
Ste. 115 , Cheyenne,
WY, 

 82001, voluntarily consents
to serve as the registered agent
for Regenicin Inc . , on the
date 

 shown below; 

II. The undersigned by and
on behalf of Capital Administrations,
LLC, hereby certify that it is 

 in compliance with the
requirement s of W.S. 17-28-101 through
 W.S. 17-28-111. 

Dated this 26th
 day of August, 2022. 

/s/ Jasmine James 

 Jasmine James,
 on behal f of 

 Capital Administrations, LLC, Registered Agent 

 Email: ta x@ wvomingcompany . com 

 Da y time
 Phone: 307-632-3333 

6 

RESOLUTION 

OF 

CONTINUANCE 

Regenicin Inc. 

We, the undersigned, constituting all of the officers/directors
of the above named 

 Company, do hereby authorize the continuance of the Company
into Wyoming. 

DATED: August 22, 2022 

J. Roy Nelson 

 Print Name 

Controller 

 Print Title 

/s/ J. Roy Nelson 

 Signature 

7 

BARBARA K. CEGAVSKE Secretary of State 

KIMBERLEY PERONDI 
 Deputy Secretary for 
 Commercial Recordings 
 
 STATE OF NEVADA 
 
 OFFICE OF THE 
 SECRETARY OF STATE 
 
 Commercial Recordings Notary Division 202 N.
 Carson Street 
 Carson City, NV 89701 
 Telephone (775) 684-5708 
 Fax (775) 684-7138 
 North Las Vegas City Hall 
 2250 Las Vegas Blvd North, Suite 400 North Las Vegas,
 NV 89030 Telephone (702) 486-2880 
 Fax (702) 486-2888 

Certified Copy 

08/24/2022 09:51:19 AM 
 
 Work Order Number: 
 W2002082400560-2333613 

Reference Number: 
 20222569249 

Through Date: 
 08/24/2022 09:51:19 AM 

Corporate Name: 
 REGENICIN, INC. 

The undersigned filing officer hereby certifies
that the attached copies are true and exact 

 copies of all requested statements and related subsequent
documentation filed with the 

 Secretary of Stat e's
 Office, Commercial Recordings Division listed on the attached
report. 

Document Number 
 Description 
 Number of Pages 
 
 20110384833-43 
 Certificate of Designation - 05/24/2011 
 7 
 
 20100821883-03 
 Amendment 11/01/2010 
 2 
 
 20100533452-85 
 Certificate Pursuant to NRS 78.209 07/19/2010 
 1 
 
 20070614148-43 
 Articles of Incorporation 09/06/2007 
 5 

Certified By: Electronically Certified 
 Certificate Number: B202208252951198 
 You may verify this certificate 
 online at http://www.nvsos.gov 
 
 Respectfully, 
 
 /s/ Barbara K. Cegavske 
 Nevada Secretary of State 

8 

ROSS MILLER 

 Secretary of State 

 206 North Carson Street 

 Carson City, Nevada 89701-4299 

 (775) 684 5708 

 Website: secretaryofstate.biz 

Articles of Incorporation 

 (PURSUANT TO NRS 78) 

ABOVE SPACE IS FOR OFFICE USE ONLY 
 
 1. 
 Name of Corporation: 
 Windstar 
 
 2. 
 Resident
 Agent 
 Name and Street Address: 
 (must be a Nevada address where process may be served) 
 Nevada Agency and Trust Company 

Name 

50 West Liberty Street, Ste 880 
 Reno 
 NV 
 89501 

Street Address 
 City 
 ST 
 Zip Code 

Optional Mailing Address 
 City 
 ST 
 Zip Code 
 
 3. 
 Shares: 
 (number of shares corporation authorized to issue) 
 
 Number of shares 
 with par value: 
 100,000,000 
 Par value: 
 0.001 
 Number of shares without par value: 

4. 
 Names
 
 Addresses 
 of Board of 
 Directors/Trustees: 
 (attach additional page if there is more than 3 directors/trustees 
 1. 
 Siew mee Fam 

Name 

50 West Liberty Street, Suite 880 
 Reno 
 NV 
 89501 

Street Address 
 City 
 ST 
 Zip Code 

2. 
 Sze Yein Wong 

Name 

50 West Liberty Street, Suite 880 
 Reno 
 NV 
 89501 

Street Address 
 City 
 ST 
 Zip Code 

3. 

Name 

Street Address 
 City 
 ST 
 Zip Code 
 
 5. 
 
 Purpose: 
 (optional-see instructions) 
 The purpose of this Corporation shall be: Any lawful business under the State of Nevada 
 
 6. 
 Name, Address
 and Signature of Incorporator. 
 (attach additional page if there is more than 1 incorporator) 
 Siew mee Fam 
 /s/ Siew mee Fam 

Name 
 Signature 

50 West Liberty Street, Suite 880 
 Reno 
 NV 
 89501 

Street Address 
 City 
 ST 
 Zip Code 
 
 7. 
 
 Certificate of 
 Acceptance of 
 Appointment of 
 Resident Agent: 
 I hereby accept appointment as Resident Agent for the above named corporation. 

/s/ Nevada Agency and Trust Company 
 9/6/2007 

Authorized Signature of R.A. or On Behalf of R.A. Company 
 Date 

This form must be accompanied by appropriate fees. 

 Nevada Secretary of State Form 78 Articles 2007 

 Revised on: 01/01/07 

9 

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION 

OF 

WINDSTAR INC. 

ARTICLE I 

 NAME 

The name of the corporation shall be Windstar Inc.
(hereinafter, the Corporation ). 

ARTICLE II 

 REGISTERED OFFICE 

The initial office of the Corporation
shall be 50 West Liberty Street, Suite 880, Reno, NV 89501. The initial registered agent of the Corporation shall be Nevada Agency and
Trust Company at 50 West Liberty Street, Suite 880, Reno, NV 89501. The Corporation may, from time to time, in the manner provided by
law, change the resident agent and the registered office within the State of Nevada. The Corporation may also maintain an office or offices
for the conduct of its business, either within or without the State of Nevada. 

ARTICLE III 

 CAPITAL STOCK 

Section 1. Authorized
Shares. The aggregate number of shares which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is one hundred million
(100,000,000) shares, consisting of two classes to be designated, respectively, Common Stock and Preferred Stock, 
with all of such shares having a par value of .001 per share. The total number of shares of Common Stock that the Corporation shall have
authority to issue is ninety million (90,000,000) shares. The total number of shares of Preferred Stock that the Corporation shall have
authority to issue is ten million (10,000,000) shares. The Preferred Stock may be issued in one or more series, each series to be appropriately
designated by a distinguishing letter or title, prior to the issuance of any shares thereof. The voting powers, designations, preferences,
limitations, restrictions, and relative, participating, optional and other rights, and the qualifications, limitations, or restrictions
thereof, of the Preferred Stock shall hereinafter be prescribed by resolution of the board of directors pursuant to Section 3 of
this Article III. 

Section 2. Common Stock. 

(a) Dividend
Rate. Subject to the rights of holders of any Preferred Stock having preference as to dividends and except
as otherwise provided by these Articles of Incorporation, as amended from time to time (hereinafter, the Articles or the Nevada Revised Statues (hereinafter, the NRS ), the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends
when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of assets legally available therefor. 

(b) Voting
Rights. Except as otherwise provided by the NRS, the holders of the issued and outstanding shares of Common
Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock. No holder of shares of Common Stock shall have the right to cumulate
votes. 

(c) Liquidation
Rights. In the event of liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, whether
voluntary or involuntary, subject to the prior rights of holders of Preferred Stock to share ratably in the Corporation's assets, the
Common Stock and any shares of Preferred Stock which are not entitled to any preference in liquidation shall share equally and ratably
in the Corporation's assets available for distribution after giving effect to any liquidation preference of any shares of Preferred Stock.
A merger, conversion, exchange or consolidation of the Corporation with or into any other person or sale or transfer of all or any part
of the assets of the Corporation (which shall not in fact result in the liquidation of the Corporation and the distribution of assets
to stockholders) shall not be deemed to be a voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation. 

10 

(d) No
Conversion, Redemption, or Preemptive Rights. The holders of Common Stock shall not have any conversion, redemption,
or preemptive rights. 

(e) Consideration
for Shares. The Common Stock authorized by this Article shall be issued for such consideration as shall be
fixed, from time to time, by the board of directors. 

Section 3. Preferred
Stock. 

(a) Designation. The
board of directors is hereby vested with the authority from time to time to provide by resolution for the issuance of shares of Preferred
Stock in one or more series not exceeding the aggregate number of shares of Preferred Stock authorized by these Articles, and to prescribe
with respect to each such series the voting powers, if any, designations, preferences, and relative, participating, optional, or other
special rights, and the qualifications, limitations, or restrictions relating thereto, including, without limiting the generality of the
foregoing: the voting rights relating to the shares of Preferred Stock of any series (which voting rights, if any, may be full or limited,
may vary over time, and may be applicable generally or only upon any stated fact or event); the rate of dividends (which may be cumulative
or noncumulative), the condition or time for payment of dividends and the preference or relation of such dividends to dividends payable
on any other class or series of capital stock; the rights of holders of Preferred Stock of any series in the event of liquidation, dissolution,
or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation; the rights, if any, of holders of Preferred Stock of any series to convert or exchange
such shares of Preferred Stock of such series for shares of any other class or series of capital stock or for any other securities, property,
or assets of the Corporation or any subsidiary (including the determination of the price or prices or the rate or rates applicable to
such rights to convert or exchange and the adjustment thereof, the time or times during which the right to convert or exchange shall be
applicable, and the time or times during which a particular price or rate shall be applicable); whether the shares of any series of Preferred
Stock shall be subject to redemption by the Corporation and if subject to redemption, the times, prices, rates, adjustments and other
terms and conditions of such redemption. The powers, designations, preferences, limitations, restrictions and relative rights may be made
dependent upon any fact or event which may be ascertained outside the Articles or the resolution if the manner in which the fact or event
may operate on such series is stated in the Articles or resolution. As used in this section fact or event includes, without
limitation, the existence of a fact or occurrence of an event, including, without limitation, a determination or action by a person, government,
governmental agency or political subdivision of a government. The board of directors is further authorized to increase or decrease (but
not below the number of such shares of such series then outstanding) the number of shares of any series subsequent to the issuance of
shares of that series. Unless the board of directors provides to the contrary in the resolution which fixes the characteristics of a series
of Preferred Stock, neither the consent by series, or otherwise, of the holders of any outstanding Preferred Stock nor the consent of
the holders of any outstanding Common Stock shall be required for the issuance of any new series of Preferred Stock regardless of whether
the rights and preferences of the new series of Preferred Stock are senior or superior, in any way, to the outstanding series of Preferred
Stock or the Common Stock. 

(b) Certificate. Before
the Corporation shall issue any shares of Preferred Stock of any series, a certificate of designation setting forth a copy of the resolution
or resolutions of the board of directors, and establishing the voting powers, designations, preferences, the relative, participating,
optional, or other rights, if any, and the qualifications, limitations, and restrictions, if any, relating to the shares of Preferred
Stock of such series, and the number of shares of Preferred Stock of such series authorized by the board of directors to be issued shall
be made and signed by an officer of the corporation and filed in the manner prescribed by the NRS. 

11 

Section 4. Non-Assessment
of Stock. The capital stock of the Corporation, after the amount of the subscription price has been fully paid,
shall not be assessable for any purpose, and no stock issued as fully paid shall ever be assessable or assessed, and the Articles shall
not be amended in this particular. No stockholder of the Corporation is individually liable for the debts or liabilities of the Corporation. 

ARTICLE IV 

 DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS 

Section 1. Number
of Directors. The members of the governing board of the Corporation are styled as directors. The board of directors
of the Corporation shall be elected in such manner as shall be provided in the bylaws of the Corporation. The board of directors shall
consist of at least one (1) individual and not more than thirteen (13) individuals. The number of directors may be changed from
time to time in such manner as shall be provided in the bylaws of the Corporation. 

Section 2. Initial
Directors. The name and post office box or street address of the director(s) constituting the initial board
of directors is: 

Name Address 

 Siew Mee Fam 
50 West Liberty Street, Suite 880, Reno, NV 89501 

Section 3. Limitation
of Liability. The liability of directors and officers of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to
the fullest extent permitted by the NRS. If the NRS is amended to further eliminate or limit or authorize corporate action to further
eliminate or limit the liability of directors or officers, the liability of directors and officers of the Corporation shall be eliminated
or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the NRS, as so amended from time to time. 

Section 4. Payment
of Expenses. In addition to any other rights of indemnification permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada
or as may be provided for by the Corporation in its bylaws or by agreement, the expenses of officers and directors incurred in defending
any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit or proceeding (including without limitation, an action, suit or proceeding by or in
the right of the Corporation), whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, involving alleged acts or omissions of such officer
or director in his or her capacity as an officer or director of the Corporation or member, manager, or managing member of a predecessor
limited liability company or affiliate of such limited liability company or while serving in any capacity at the request of the Corporation
as a director, officer, employee, agent, member, manager, managing member, partner, or fiduciary of, or in any other capacity for, another
corporation or any partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, shall be paid by the Corporation or through insurance purchased
and maintained by the Corporation or through other financial arrangements made by the Corporation, as they are incurred and in advance
of the final disposition of the action, suit or proceeding, upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the officer or director
to repay the amount if it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified
by the Corporation. To the extent that an officer or director is successful on the merits in defense of any such action, suit or proceeding,
or in the defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, the Corporation shall indemnify him or her against expenses, including attorneys'
fees, actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with the defense. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein or in the bylaws, no director or officer may be indemnified for expenses incurred in defending any threatened, pending, or completed
action, suit or proceeding (including without limitation, an action, suit or proceeding by or in the right of the Corporation), whether
civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, that such director or officer incurred in his or her capacity as a stockholder, including,
but not limited to, in connection with such person being deemed an Unsuitable Person (as defined in Article VII hereof). 

12 

Section 5. Repeal
And Conflicts. Any repeal or modification of Sections 3 or 4 above approved by the stockholders of the Corporation
shall be prospective only, and shall not adversely affect any limitation on the liability of a director or officer of the Corporation
existing as of the time of such repeal or modification. In the event of any conflict between Sections 3 or 4 above and any other Article
of the Articles, the terms and provisions of Sections 3 or 4 above shall control. 

ARTICLE V 

 COMBINATIONS WITH INTERESTED STOCKHOLDERS 

At such time, if any, as the Corporation
becomes a resident domestic corporation , as that term is defined in NRS 78.427, the Corporation shall not be subject to, or
governed by, any of the provisions in NRS 78.411 to 78.444, inclusive, as may be amended from time to time, or any successor statute. 

ARTICLE VI 

 BYLAWS 

The board of directors is expressly
granted the exclusive power to make, amend, alter, or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation pursuant to NRS 78.120. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation
has caused these articles of incorporation to be executed in its name by its Incorporator on August 8, 2007. 

/s/ Siew Mee Fam 

 Siew Mee Fam 

13 

ROSS MILLER 
 Secretary of State 
 206 North Carson Street 
 Carson City, Nevada 89701-4299 
 (775) 684 5708 
 Website: secretaryofstate.biz 

Certificate of Change Pursuant 
 to NRS 78.209 

USE BLACK INK ONLY DO NOT HIGHLIGHT 
 ABOVE SPACE IS FOR OFFICE USE ONLY 

Certificate of Change filed
 Pursuant to NRS 78.209 
 For Nevada Profit Corporations 

1. Name of corporation: 
 
 Regenicin, Inc. 

2. The board of directors have adopted a resolution pursuant to NRS 78.209 and have obtained any required approval of the stockholders. 

3. The current number of authorized shares at the par value, if any, of each class or series, if any, of shares before the change: 

90,000,000 shares of common stock with 0.001 par value 
 10,000,000 shares of common stock with 0.001 par value 

4. The number of authorized shares and the par value, if any, of each class or series, if any, of shares after the change: 

90,000,000 shares of common stock with 0.001 par value 
 10,000,000 shares of common stock with 0.001 par value 

5. The number of shares of each affected class or series, if any, to be issued after the change in exchange for each issue share of the same class or series: 
 
 34 shares issued for every 1 outstanding 

6. The provisions, if any, for the issuance of fractional shares, or for the payment of money or the issuance of scrip to stockholders otherwise entitled to a fraction of a share and the percentage of outstanding shares affected thereby: 
 
 fractional shares will be rounded to the nearest whole number 

7. Effective date of filing (optional): 

8. Officer Signature: X /s/ Randall E. McCoy 

14 

ROSS MILLER 

 Secretary of State 

 206 North Carson Street 

 Carson City, Nevada 89701-4299 

 (775) 684 5708 

 Website: secretaryofstate.biz 

Certificate of Amendment 

 (PURSUANT TO NRS 78.385 and 78.390) 

USE BLACK INK ONLY-DO NOT HIGHLIGHT 
 ABOVE SPACE IS FOR OFFICE USE ONLY 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 
 
 For Nevada Corporations 
 
 (Pursuant to NRS 78.385 and 78.390 After Issuance of Stock) 

1. 
 Name of corporation: 

Regenicin, Inc. 

2. 
 The articles have been amended as follows (provide article numbers, if available): 

ARTICLE III: CAPITAL STOCK 
 Section 1. Authorized Shares. The
 aggregate number of shares which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is two hundred ten million (210,000,000) shares, consisting
 of two classes to be designated, respectively, Common Stock and Preferred Stock, with all of such shares having
 a par value of .001 per share. The total number of shares of Common Stock that the Corporation shall have authority to issue is two hundred
 million (200,000,000) shares. The total number of shares of Preferred Stock that the Corporation shall have authority to issue is ten
 million (10,000,000) shares. The Preferred Stock may be issued in one or more series, each series to be appropriately designated by a
 distinguishing letter or title, prior to the issuance of any shares thereof. The voting powers, designations, preferences, limitations,
 restrictions, and relative, participating, optional and other rights, and the qualifications, limitations, or restrictions thereof, of
 the Preferred Stock shall hereinafter be prescribed by resolution of the board of directors pursuant to Section 3 of this Article III. 

3. 
 The vote by which the stockholders holding shares in the corporationentitling them to exercise at least a majority of the voting power, or such greater proportion of the voting power as may be required in the case of a vote by classes or series, or as may be required by the provisions of the articles of incorporation have voted in favor of the amendment is: 

majority 

4. 
 Effective date of filing (optional): 

5. 
 Signatures (required) 

X /s/ Randall McCoy 

Signature 

If any proposed amendment would alter or change any preference or any
relative or other right given to any class or series of outstanding shares, then the amendment must be approved by vote, in addition to
the affirmative vote otherwise required, of the holders of shares representing a majority of the voting power of each class or series
affected by the amendment regardless to limitations or restrictions on the voting power thereof. 

15 

Section 1. Authorized Shares. The
 aggregate number of shares which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is two hundred ten million (210,000,000) shares, consisting
 of two classes to be designated, respectively, Common Stock and Preferred Stock, with all of such shares having
 a par value of .001 per share. The total number of shares of Common Stock that the Corporation shall have authority to issue is two hundred
 million (200,000,000) shares. The total number of shares of Preferred Stock that the Corporation shall have authority to issue is ten
 million (10,000,000) shares. The Preferred Stock may be issued in one or more series, each series to be appropriately designated by a
 distinguishing letter or title, prior to the issuance of any shares thereof. The voting powers, designations, preferences, limitations,
 restrictions, and relative, participating, optional and other rights, and the qualifications, limitations, or restrictions thereof, of
 the Preferred Stock shall hereinafter be prescribed by resolution of the board of directors pursuant to Section 3 of this Article III. 

16 

ROSS MILLER 

 Secretary of State 

 206 North Carson Street 

 Carson City, Nevada 89701-4299 

 (775) 684 5708 

 Website: secretaryofstate.biz 

Certificate of Designation 

 (PURSUANT TO NRS 78.1955) 

USE BLACK INK ONLY-DO NOT HIGHLIGHT 
 ABOVE SPACE IS FOR OFFICE USE ONLY 
 
 Certificate of Designation For 
 
 For Nevada Corporations 
 
 (Pursuant to NRS 78.1955) 

1. 
 Name of corporation: 

Regenicin, Inc. 

2. 
 By resolution of the board of directors pursuant to a provision in the articles of incorporation this certificate establishes the following regarding the voting powers, designations, preferences, limitations, restrictions and relative rights of the following class or series of stock. 

The following is a statement of the powers, designations,
 preferences, limitations, restrictions and relative rights of a series of preferred stock of Regenicin, Inc. a Nevada corporation (the
 Corporation ), as authorized and ratified on May 10, 2011, by the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board ),
 for the purposes of confirming a series of the Corporation s authorized preferred stock, .00 par value per share Preferred
 Stock ), designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, and identifying the relative rights and preferences thereof: 
 
 See Attached. 

3. 
 Effective date of filing (optional): 

4. 
 Signatures (required) 

X /s/ Randall McCoy 

Signature 

17 

______________________________________ 

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION 

OF 

REGENICIN, INC. 

Pursuant to Section 78.1955 of the 

Nevada Revised Statutes 

 ______________________________________ 

SERIES A CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK 

On behalf of Regenicin, Inc.,
a Nevada corporation (the Corporation ), the undersigned hereby certifies that the following resolution has been duly
adopted by the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board ): 

RESOLVED, that, pursuant to the
authority granted to and vested in the Board by the provisions of the articles of incorporation of the Corporation (the Articles
of Incorporation ), there hereby is created, out of the ten million (10,000,000) shares of preferred stock, par value .001
per share, of the Corporation authorized by Article Fourth of the Articles of Incorporation Preferred Stock ), Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock, consisting of three million five hundred thousand (3,500,000) shares, which series shall have the following
powers, designations, preferences and relative participating, optional and other special rights, and the following qualifications, limitations
and restrictions: 

The specific powers, preferences,
rights and limitations of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are as follows: 

1. Designation;
Rank . This series of Preferred Stock shall be designated and known as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. The number
of shares constituting the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shall be three million five hundred thousand (3,500,000) shares. Except
as otherwise provided herein, the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shall, with respect to dividend rights and rights on liquidation,
winding up and dissolution, rank senior to the common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock ), and all
classes and series of stock of the Corporation now or hereafter authorized, issued or outstanding (collectively, Junior Securities ). 

2. Dividends .
The Holders of shares of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (each, a Holder and collectively, the Holders shall be entitled to receive, when and if declared by the Board of Directors, out of the assets of the Corporation legally available therefore,
dividends at the annual rate of 8 on the Stated Value thereof. Dividends shall be cumulative, and will accrue from the date the shares
of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are first issued Original Issue Date ), whether or not declared by the Board
of Directors, and whether or not there are profits, surplus or other funds of the Corporation legally available for the payment of dividends,
and shall continue to accrue thereon until paid in full or converted into shares of Common Stock in accordance with Section 4 or 5 of
this Designation. Dividends shall be payable quarterly in arrears to the Holders of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock at
the option of the Corporation in cash or Common Stock. No dividends or other distribution shall be paid on any Junior Securities unless
and until the aforementioned 8 cumulative dividend is paid to current on each outstanding share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. 

18 

3. Liquidation
Preference . 

(a) In
the event of any dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Corporation (a Liquidation ), whether voluntary or
involuntary, the Holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive out of the assets of the Corporation, before
any payment or distribution shall be made in respect of any Junior Securities, cash in an amount equal to 1.00 (the Stated
Value for each one (1) share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (as adjusted for stock splits, combinations, reorganizations
and the like) plus an amount equal to all accrued but unpaid dividends thereon to the date of such payment. If upon the Liquidation, the
assets to be distributed among the Holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are insufficient to permit the payment to such
Holders of the full liquidation preference for their shares, then the entire assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution
shall be distributed pro rata among the Holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. 

(b) A
sale of all or substantially all of the Corporation s assets or an acquisition of the Corporation by another entity by means of
any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, a reorganization, consolidated or merger) that results
in the transfer of fifty percent (50 or more of the outstanding voting power of the Corporation (a Change in Control Event ),
shall not be deemed to be a Liquidation for purposes of this Designation. 

(c) If
upon any Liquidation, whether voluntary or involuntary, payment shall have been made to the Holders of Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock of the full preferential amount to which they shall be entitled pursuant to Section 3(a) of this Designation, the entire remaining
assets, if any, of the Corporation available for distribution to stockholders shall be distributed to the holders of Junior Securities
or Common Stock, as the case may be. 

(d) The
Corporation shall give each Holder of Series A Preferred Convertible Stock written notice of any Liquidation not later than thirty (30)
days prior to any meeting of stockholders to approve such Liquidation or, if no meeting is to be held, not later than forty-five (45)
days prior to the date of such Liquidation. 

4. Optional
Conversion of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock . The Holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights
as follows: 

(a) Conversion
Right . Each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shall be convertible at the option of the Holder thereof and without the
payment of additional consideration by the Holder thereof, at any time, into shares of Common Stock on the Optional Conversion Date (as
hereinafter defined) at a conversion rate of ten (10) shares of Common Stock (the Conversion Rate for every one
(1) share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 4 of this Designation. 

(b) Mechanics
of Optional Conversion . To effect the optional conversion of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock in accordance with Section
4(a) of this Designation, any Holder of record shall make a written demand for such conversion (for purposes of this Designation, a Conversion
Demand upon the Corporation at its principal executive offices setting forth therein (i) the certificate or certificates representing
such shares, and (ii) the proposed date of such conversion, which shall be a business day not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty
(30) days after the date of such Conversion Demand (for purposes of this Designation, the Optional Conversion Date ).
Within five days of receipt of the Conversion Demand, the Corporation shall give written notice (for purposes of this Designation, a Conversion
Notice to the Holder setting forth therein (i) the address of the place or places at which the certificate or certificates
representing any shares not yet tendered are to be converted are to be surrendered; and (ii) whether the certificate or certificates to
be surrendered are required to be endorsed for transfer or accompanied by a duly executed stock power or other appropriate instrument
of assignment and, if so, the form of such endorsement or power or other instrument of assignment. The Conversion Notice shall be sent
by first class mail, postage prepaid, to such Holder at such Holder s address as may be set forth in the Conversion Demand or, if
not set forth therein, as it appears on the records of the stock transfer agent for the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, if any,
or, if none, of the Corporation. On or before the Optional Conversion Date, each Holder of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock so
to be converted shall surrender the certificate or certificates representing such shares, duly endorsed for transfer or accompanied by
a duly executed stock power or other instrument of assignment, if the Conversion Notice so provides, to the Corporation at any place set
forth in such notice or, if no such place is so set forth, at the principal executive offices of the Corporation. As soon as practicable
after the Optional Conversion Date and the surrender of the certificate or certificates representing such shares, the Corporation shall
issue and deliver to such Holder, or its nominee, at such Holder s address as it appears on the records of the stock transfer agent
for the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, if any, or, if none, of the Corporation, a certificate or certificates for the number of
whole shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion in accordance with the provisions hereof. 

19 

(c) No
Fractional Shares . No fractional shares of Common Stock or scrip shall be issued upon conversion of shares of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional share to which the Holder would be entitled but for the provisions of this Section 4(c) based
on the number of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock held by such Holder, the Corporation shall issue a number of shares to
such Holder rounded up to the nearest whole number of shares of Common Stock. No cash shall be paid to any Holder of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock by the Corporation upon conversion of Series A Preferred Convertible Stock by such Holder. 

(d) Reservation
of Stock . The Corporation shall at all times when any shares of Series A Preferred Convertible Stock shall be outstanding, reserve
and keep available out of its authorized but unissued Common Stock, such number of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be
sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. If at any time the number of authorized
but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of the Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized
by unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose. 

(e) Dividends;
Rights . All outstanding shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to be converted pursuant to the Conversion Notice shall, on
the Optional Conversion Date, be converted into Common Stock for all purposes, notwithstanding the failure of the Holder thereof to surrender
any certificate representing such shares on or prior to such date. On and after the Optional Conversion Date, (i) no such share of Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock to be converted pursuant to the Conversion Notice shall be deemed to be outstanding or be transferable on
the books of the Corporation or the stock transfer agent, if any, for the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, and (ii) the Holder of
such shares, as such, shall not be entitled to receive any dividends or other distributions, to receive notices or to vote such shares
or to exercise or to enjoy any other powers, preferences or rights thereof, other than the right, upon surrender of the certificate or
certificates representing such shares, to receive a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock into which such
shares to be converted pursuant to the Conversion Notice have been converted. On the Optional Conversion Date, all such shares shall be
retired and canceled and shall not be reissued. 

20 

(f) Consolidation,
Merger, Sale, Etc. In case the Corporation shall (a) effect a reorganization, (b) undergo a Change in Control Event, or (c) enter
into any plan or arrangement contemplating the dissolution of the Corporation, then, in each such case, as a condition to the consummation
of such a transaction, proper and adequate provision shall be made whereby each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shall, after
such transaction, be convertible into the kind and number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the Corporation or of
the corporation resulting from such transaction, or to which assets shall have been sold in such transaction, to which the Holder of shares
of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock would have been entitled if it had held the Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of such
shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock on the record date, or, if none, immediately prior to such transaction, at the Conversion
Rate in effect on such date. The provisions of this Section 4(f) shall similarly apply to successive transactions. 

(g) Stock
Dividends, Splits, Combinations and Reclassifications . If the Corporation shall (i) declare a dividend or other distribution payable
in securities, (ii) split its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number, (iii) combine its outstanding shares of Common
Stock into a smaller number, or (iv) increase or decrease the number of shares of its capital stock in a reclassification of the Common
Stock including any such reclassification in connection with a merger, consolidation or other business combination in which the Corporation
is the continuing entity (any such corporate event, an Event ), then in each instance the Conversion Rate shall be
adjusted such that the number of shares issued upon conversion of one share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock will equal the number
of shares of Common Stock that would otherwise be issued but for such Event. 

(h) Certificate
as to Adjustments . Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 4 of this Designation,
the Corporation at its expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and cause its
principal financial officer to verify such computation and prepare and furnish to each Holder of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and setting forth in reasonable detail the facts upon which such adjustment
or readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any Holder of Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such Holder a like certificate setting forth: (i) such adjustments and readjustments; (ii)
the Conversion Rate in effect at such time for the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock; and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock
and the amount, if any, of other property that at such time would be received upon the conversion of the Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock. 

(i) Notices
of Record Date . In the event any record date is fixed for the purpose of (i) determining the holders of any class or series of stock
or other securities who are entitled to receive any dividend or other distribution or (ii) to effect a Liquidation, the Corporation shall
mail to each Holder of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock at least thirty (30) days prior to the record date set forth therein a notice
setting forth: (A) such record date and a description of such dividend or distribution; or (B) (1) the date on which any such recapitalization,
reorganization, merger, consolidation, disposition, dissolution, liquidation or winding up is expected to become effective; and (2) the
time, if any is to be fixed, as to when the Holders of record of Common Stock (or other securities) shall be entitled to exchange their
shares of Common Stock (or other securities) for securities or other property deliverable upon such recapitalization, reorganization,
merger, consolidation, disposition, dissolution, liquidation or winding up. 

21 

(j) Issue
Taxes . The converting Holder shall pay any and all issue and other non-income taxes that may be payable in respect of any issue or
delivery of shares of Common Stock on conversion of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. 

(k) No
Impairment . The Corporation will not, by amendment of its Articles of Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets,
consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or
performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed under Section 4 of this Designation by the Corporation, but will at all times
in good faith assist in carrying out of all the provision of Section 4 of this Designation and in the taking of all such action as may
be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the conversion rights of the Holders against impairment. 

5. Mandatory
Conversion of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock . 

(a) If
(i) the Common Stock underlying the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission or
eligible for Rule 144, and (ii) the VWAP of the Corporation s Common Stock is in excess of 1.50 per share for twenty (20) consecutive
trading days, then the Corporation shall require that the Holder of any outstanding Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to convert the
same into shares of Common Stock at the Conversion Rate. 

(b) No
fractional shares of Common Stock or scrip shall be issued upon conversion of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. In lieu
of any fractional share to which the Holder would otherwise be entitled but for the provisions of this Section 5(b), based on the number
of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock held by such Holder, the Corporation shall issue a number of shares to such Holder rounded
up to the nearest whole number of shares of Common Stock. No cash shall be paid to any Holder of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
by the Corporation upon conversion of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock by such Holder. 

(c) The
Corporation shall give to each Holder of record of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock written notice of mandatory conversion within
a reasonable period of time following an event under Section 5(a), setting forth therein: (i) the number of shares of Common Stock into
which such Holder s shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are to be converted based on such Conversion Rate; (ii) the address
of the place or places at which the certificate or certificates representing such Holder s shares of Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock are to be surrendered; and (iii) whether the certificate or certificates to be surrendered are required to be endorsed for transfer
or accompanied by a duly executed stock power or other appropriate instrument of assignment and, if so, the form of such endorsement or
power or other instrument of assignment. Such notice shall be sent by first class mail, postage prepaid, to each Holder of record of Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock at such Holder s address as it appears on the records of the stock transfer agent for the Series A
Convertible Preferred Stock, if any, or, if none, of the Corporation. Each Holder of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shall surrender
the certificate or certificates representing all such Holder s shares, duly endorsed for transfer or accompanied by a duly executed
stock power or other instrument of assignment, if the notice so provides, to the Corporation at any place set forth in such notice or,
if no such place is so set forth, at the principal executive offices of the Corporation. As soon as practicable after the surrender of
the certificate or certificates representing shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall issue and deliver to
each such Holder, or its nominee, at such Holder s address as it appears on the records of the stock transfer agent for the Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock, if any, or, if none, of the Corporation a certificate or certificates for the number of whole shares of
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion in accordance with the provisions hereof. 

22 

(d) All
outstanding shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shall be converted into Common Stock for all purposes, notwithstanding the
failure of any Holder or Holders thereof to surrender any certificate representing such shares on or prior to such date. Following an
event under Section 5(a), (i) no share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shall be deemed to be outstanding or be transferable on
the books of the Corporation or the stock transfer agent, if any, for the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, and (ii) each Holder of
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, as such, shall not be entitled to receive any dividends or other distributions, to receive notices
or to vote such shares or to exercise or to enjoy any other powers, preferences or rights in respect thereof, other than the right, upon
surrender of the certificate or certificates representing such shares, to receive a certificate or certificates for the number of shares
of Common Stock into which such shares shall have been converted. All such shares shall be retired and canceled and shall not be reissued. 

6. Redemption .
At any time after the issuance of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall have the right to redeem any of the
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock upon paying the Stated Value and any accrued but unpaid dividends. 

7. Voting . 

(a) 
 Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or as required by the law, the Holders of Series A
Convertible Preferred Stock and the holders of Common Stock shall vote together and not as separate classes. The Holders of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote with the common stock as if their shares were converted into shares of Common Stock. The Holders
of shares of the Series A Convertible Preferred shall be entitled to vote on all matters on which the Common Stock shall be entitled to
vote. The Holders shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders meeting in accordance with the bylaws of the Corporation. 

(b) 
 For so long as at least 25 of the issued Series A Convertible Preferred Stock remain outstanding
and not converted, the Corporation shall not, without first obtaining the approval MKM Opportunity Master Fund LLC: (i) adversely affect
the rights, preferences or privileges of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock including pledging any assets, (ii) create or issue
any new class or series of shares having rights, preferences or privileges pari passu or senior to the Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock, (iii) incur any debt or other obligation including but not limited to accounts payable, accrued but unpaid employee compensation,
and other accrued but unpaid ordinary course expenses that exceed 500,000, (iv) amend, waive, or repeal any provision of the Corporation s
Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws in a manner that adversely affects the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, (v) decrease the authorized
size of the Board, (vi) effect any merger, sale, consolidation or reorganization of the Corporation, or (vii) liquidate or dissolve the
Corporation. 

8. Additional
Rights . 

(a) 
 For so long as shares of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock remain outstanding and not converted,
the Holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock will have the option to purchase up to the maximum of 2,000,000 in additional Units
on the same terms as they purchased their original Units for a period of 9 months from the Original Issue Date, except that each share
of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock purchased will be convertible into only 6 and 2/3 shares of Common Stock and each warrant will
be exercisable at 0.25 per share. 

(b) 
 For so long as shares of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock remain outstanding and not converted,
Holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock will have the right to participate in any financing of the Corporation for two years from
the Original Issue Date based on maintaining their proportionate stake on a fully diluted basis. 

(c) 
 For so long as shares of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock remain outstanding and not converted,
Holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock will have full ratchet anti-dilution on the shares underlying the Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock for three years from the Original Issue Date on any unconverted amounts, on any securities issued below the Conversion
Rate, with the exception of shares issued in a Change in Control Event. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have duly signed this Designation as of this __ day of May 2011. 

Regenicin, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Randall McCoy 

Name: Randall McCoy 
 Title: CEO 

23 

</EX-3.3>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Randall McCoy, certify that; 

1. 
 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2022 of Regenicin, Inc (the registrant ); 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: January 13, 2023 

/s/ Randall McCoy 

 By: Randall McCoy 

 Title: Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, John J. Weber, certify that; 

1. 
 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2022 of Regenicin, Inc (the registrant ); 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: January 13, 2023 

/s/ John J. Weber 

 By: John J. Weber 

 Title: Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND 

 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the annual Report of Regenicin,
Inc (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Report ), I, Randall McCoy, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and, I John J. Weber, Chief Financial Officer of
the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
and Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the dates presented and the consolidated result of operations
of the Company for the periods presented. 

By: 
 /s/ Randall McCoy 
 
 Name: 
 Randall McCoy 
 
 Title: 
 Principal Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Date: 
 January 13, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ John J. Weber 
 
 Name: 
 John J. Weber 
 
 Title: 
 Principal Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Date: 
 January 13, 2023 

This certification has been furnished solely pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 rgin-20220930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 rgin-20220930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 rgin-20220930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 rgin-20220930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

