<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_320335_0000320335-23-000008.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>85006093</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>483007</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>59728149</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12385475</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6140200</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5643391</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000320335-23-000008.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223165758
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000320335-23-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		321
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GLOBE LIFE INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000320335
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LIFE INSURANCE [6311]
		IRS NUMBER:				630780404
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08052
		FILM NUMBER:		23660616

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3700 SOUTH STONEBRIDGE DRIVE
		CITY:			MCKINNEY
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75070
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-569-4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3700 SOUTH STONEBRIDGE DRIVE
		CITY:			MCKINNEY
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75070

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TORCHMARK CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TORCHMARK CORP SAVINGS & INVESTMENT PLAN
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19820825

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIBERTY NATIONAL INSURANCE HOLDING CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19820701

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000320335-23-000008.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 gl-20221231.htm
 10-K (FY 2022)

gl-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark one) 
 [ ] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 [ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 - 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 x No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 x No 
 I ndicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 x No 

GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 
 x Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by checkmark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was billion based on the closing sale price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. Class Outstanding as of January 31, 2023 
 Common Stock, 1.00 par value per share shares 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Globe Life Inc. 
 Table of Contents Page PART I. 
 Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 9 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 16 
 Item 2. Properties 
 16 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 16 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 16 
 PART II. 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 17 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 18 
 Cautionary Statements 
 19 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 56 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 56 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 63 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 64 
 Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies 
 64 
 Note 2 Statutory Accounting 
 76 
 Note 3 Supplemental Information about Changes to Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 77 
 Note 4 Investments 
 79 
 Note 5 Deferred Acquisition Costs 
 93 
 Note 6 Commitments and Contingencies 
 94 
 Note 7 Liability for Unpaid Claims 
 97 
 Note 8 Income Taxes 
 98 
 Note 9 Postretirement Benefits 
 100 
 Note 10 Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information 
 106 
 Note 11 Debt 
 107 
 Note 12 Shareholders' Equity 
 109 
 Note 13 Stock-Based Compensation 
 110 
 Note 14 Business Segments 
 115 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 122 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 122 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 125 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 125 
 PART III. 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 125 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 125 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 125 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 126 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 126 
 PART IV. 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 126 
 Signatures 
 137 

GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Part I 
 
 Item 1. Business 

Globe Life and the Company refer to Globe Life Inc., an insurance holding company incorporated in Delaware in 1979, and its subsidiaries and affiliates. Its primary subsidiaries are Globe Life And Accident Insurance Company, American Income Life Insurance Company, Liberty National Life Insurance Company, Family Heritage Life Insurance Company of America, and United American Insurance Company. 
 
 Globe Life's website is: www.globelifeinsurance.com. Globe Life makes available free of charge through its website, its annual report on Form 10-K, its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Other information included in Globe Life's website is not incorporated into this filing. 

1 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents Globe Life's business by primary marketing distribution method. Additional information concerning industry segments may be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis and in Note 14 Business Segments within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 
 Primary Distribution Method Underwriting Company Products and Target Markets Distribution 
 Direct to Consumer Division Globe Life And Accident Insurance Company McKinney, Texas Individual life and supplemental health insurance including juvenile and senior life coverage and Medicare Supplement to lower middle-income to middle-income Americans. Nationwide distribution through direct to consumer channels: including direct mail, electronic media, and insert media. 
 American Income Life Division American Income Life Insurance Company Waco, Texas Individual life and supplemental health insurance marketed to working families. 9,444 average producing agents in the U.S., Canada, and New Zealand. 
 
 Liberty National Division Liberty National Life Insurance Company McKinney, Texas Life and supplemental health insurance distributed through in-home and worksite channels. 2,775 average producing agents in the U.S. 
 
 Family Heritage Division Family Heritage Life Insurance Company of America Cleveland, Ohio Supplemental limited-benefit health insurance to lower middle-income to middle-income families. 1,210 average producing agents in the U.S. 
 
 United American Division United American Insurance Company McKinney, Texas Medicare Supplement coverage to Medicare beneficiaries and, to a lesser extent, supplemental limited-benefit health coverage to people under age 65. 3,327 independent producing agents in the U.S. 
 
 2 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Insurance 
 
 Life Insurance 
 
 The distribution channels for life insurance products include direct to consumer, exclusive agents, and independent agents. These methods are described in greater detail within the primary marketing distribution channel chart as seen above. The following table presents annualized premium in force for the three years ended December 31, 2022 by distribution method: 
 Annualized Premium in Force (1) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Direct to Consumer 
 936,507 929,197 881,012 Exclusive agents: American Income 1,553,003 1,458,408 1,325,293 Liberty National 360,963 341,332 318,545 Independent agents: United American 7,609 8,426 9,314 Other 203,438 205,822 205,785 3,061,520 2,943,185 2,739,949 
 (1) See definition of annualized premium in force under Results of Operations in Management's Discussion Analysis . 

Globe Life's insurance subsidiaries write a variety of nonparticipating ordinary life insurance products. These include traditional whole life, term life, and other life insurance. The Company does not currently sell interest-sensitive whole life products. The following tables present selected information about Globe Life's life insurance products. 
 
 Annualized Premium in Force 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Amount of Total Amount of Total Amount of Total Whole life: Traditional 2,106,878 69 2,011,349 68 1,857,106 68 Interest-sensitive 31,838 1 33,912 1 36,297 1 Term 
 756,471 25 750,005 26 716,698 26 Other 
 166,333 5 147,919 5 129,848 5 3,061,520 100 2,943,185 100 2,739,949 100 
 
 Policy Count and Average Face Amount Per Policy 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Policy Count Average Face Amount per Policy Policy Count Average Face Amount per Policy Policy Count Average Face Amount per Policy Whole life: Traditional 9,011,227 15.7 8,963,774 15.3 8,717,785 14.7 Interest-sensitive 183,887 20.4 191,536 20.4 199,975 20.3 Term 
 4,720,870 15.3 4,731,044 15.3 4,526,172 15.1 Other 
 453,515 16.1 432,372 15.3 408,859 14.3 14,369,499 15.6 14,318,726 15.3 13,852,791 14.9 

3 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Health Insurance 
 
 The following table presents Globe Life's health insurance annualized premium in force for the three years ended December 31, 2022 by distribution channel. 
 Annualized Premium in Force 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Direct to Consumer 
 72,161 74,627 77,522 Exclusive agents: Liberty National 196,336 196,783 196,534 American Income 113,087 111,102 104,701 Family Heritage 387,897 363,226 338,309 Independent agents: United American 558,373 540,340 476,296 1,327,854 1,286,078 1,193,362 
 
 Globe Life offers Medicare Supplement and limited-benefit supplemental health insurance products that include primarily critical illness and accident plans. These products are designed to supplement health coverage that applicants already own. Medicare Supplements are offered to enrollees in the traditional fee-for-service Medicare program. Medicare Supplement plans are standardized by federal regulation and are designed to pay deductibles and co-payments not paid by Medicare. 
 
 The following table presents supplemental health annualized premium in force information for the three years ended December 31, 2022 by product category. 
 Annualized Premium in Force 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Amount of Total Amount of Total Amount of Total Limited-benefit plans 735,858 55 700,767 54 617,759 52 Medicare Supplement 591,996 45 585,311 46 575,603 48 1,327,854 100 1,286,078 100 1,193,362 100 

Annuities 
 
 Annuity products include single-premium and flexible-premium deferred annuities. Annuities in each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, comprised less than 1 of premium. The Company does not currently market stand-alone fixed or deferred annuity products. 

Pricing 
 
 Premium rates for life and health insurance products are established using assumptions as to future mortality, morbidity, persistency, investment income, expenses, and target profit margins. These assumptions are based on Company experience and projected investment earnings rates. Revenues for individual life and health insurance products are primarily derived from premium income, and, to a lesser extent, through policy charges to the policyholder account values on annuity products and certain individual life products. Profitability is affected by actual experience deviations from the established assumptions and to the extent investment income varies from that required for policy reserves. 
 
 Collections for annuity products and certain life products are not recognized as revenues, but are added to policyholder account values. Revenues from these products are derived from charges to the account balances for insurance risk and administrative costs. Profits are earned to the extent these revenues exceed actual costs. Profits are also earned from investment income in excess of the amounts required for policy reserves. 
 
 4 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Underwriting 
 
 The underwriting standards of Globe Life's insurance subsidiaries are established by management. Each subsidiary uses information obtained from the application, and in some cases, telephone interviews with applicants, inspection reports, pharmacy data, motor vehicle records, responses to both medical and non-medical questions, doctors statements and/or medical examinations. This information is used to determine whether a policy should be issued in accordance with the application, with a different rating, with a rider, with reduced coverage, or rejected. 

Reserves 
 
 The life insurance policy reserves reflected in Globe Life's consolidated financial statements as future policy benefits are calculated based on accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). These reserves, with future premiums and the associated interest compounded at assumed rates, must be sufficient to cover policy and contract obligations as they mature. Generally, the mortality and persistency assumptions used in the calculations of reserves are based on Company experience. Similar reserves are held on most of the health insurance policies written by Globe Life's insurance subsidiaries, since these policies generally are issued on a guaranteed-renewable basis. The assumptions used in the calculation of Globe Life's reserves are reported in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies . Reserves for annuity products and certain life products consist of the policyholders account values and are increased by policyholder deposits and interest credited and are decreased by policy charges and benefit payments. 
 
 Reinsurance 
 
 Globe Life has historically participated in very limited third-party reinsurance as a result of the low face amounts of the policies sold by the Company. See Schedule IV and Note 6 Commitments and Contingencies for more information. 

Investments 
 
 The nature, quality, and percentage mix of insurance company investments are regulated by state laws. The investments of Globe Life insurance subsidiaries consist predominantly of high-quality, investment-grade securities. Approximately 91 of our invested assets, at fair value, are fixed maturities at December 31, 2022 (see Note 4 Investments and Management s Discussion and Analysis ). 

Competition 
 
 Globe Life competes with other insurance carriers through policyholder service, price, product design, and sales efforts. While there are insurance companies competing with Globe Life, no individual company dominates any of Globe Life's life or health insurance markets. 
 
 Globe Life's health insurance products compete with, in addition to the products of other health insurance carriers, health maintenance organizations, preferred provider organizations, and other health care-related institutions which provide medical benefits based on contractual agreements. 
 
 The Company effectively competes with other carriers, in part, due to its ability to operate at lower policy acquisition and administrative expense levels than peer companies. This allows Globe Life to have competitive rates while maintaining higher underwriting margins. 

Regulation 

Insurance Insurance companies are subject to regulation and supervision in the states in which they do business. The laws of the various states establish agencies with broad administrative and supervisory powers which include, among other things, granting and revoking licenses to transact business, regulating trade practices, licensing agents, approving policy forms, approving certain premium rates, setting minimum reserve and loss ratio requirements, determining the form and content of required financial statements, and prescribing the type and amount of investments permitted. Insurance companies are also required to file detailed annual reports with supervisory agencies, and records of their business are subject to examination at any time. Under the rules of the 
 5 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC), insurance companies are examined periodically by one or more of the supervisory agencies. 

Risk-Based Capital (RBC) The NAIC requires that a risk-based capital formula be applied to all life and health insurers. The risk-based capital formula is a threshold formula rather than a target capital formula. It is designed only to identify companies that require regulatory attention and is not to be used to rate or rank companies that are adequately capitalized. All Globe Life's insurance subsidiaries are more than adequately capitalized under the risk-based capital formula. See further discussion of RBC in Capital Resources . 

Holding Company States have enacted legislation requiring registration and periodic reporting by insurance companies domiciled within their respective jurisdictions that control or are controlled by other corporations so as to constitute a holding company system. Globe Life Inc. and its subsidiaries have registered as a holding company system pursuant to such legislation in Indiana, Nebraska, Ohio, and New York. 
 
 Insurance holding company system statutes and regulations impose various limitations on investments in subsidiaries, and may require prior regulatory approval for material transactions between insurers and affiliates and for the payment of certain dividends and other distributions. 

Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) 
 
 Globe Life s sustainable business practices are a driver of the success and longevity that our Company has experienced since its origin. We plan to advance our sustainable business practices by further developing the Company's ESG strategy and have aligned disclosures with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standards and the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations. 
 
 Environmental responsibility and sustainability are key components of our overall corporate responsibility efforts. We strive to reduce our impact on the environment by implementing green building initiatives at our corporate facilities, placing a company-wide emphasis on recycling and reducing waste generally, and focusing on efforts to reduce the use of paper and water. With respect to social matters, our focus continues to be on supporting a culture that is inclusive and attractive for all of our employees and independent sales agents. We are committed to maintaining a diverse workforce that reflects the communities in which we work. In addition, to enable the Company to appropriately respond to ESG-related challenges and opportunities, the Company has in place an ESG Committee, and the Board and its committees regularly engage with senior management on relevant ESG-related issues. 

Human Capital Management 
 
 Globe Life's talent base encompasses a broad range of experience that possesses the depth of critical skills to efficiently and effectively accomplish our business purpose and mission, serve our policyholders, and protect our shareholders' interests. Maintaining superior human capital is a key driver to the success and longevity that our Company has experienced since its origins dating back to the early 1900s. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 3,543 full time, part-time, and temporary employees, a 10 increase over the prior year. The increase in headcount in 2022 was primarily to support the increased growth in recent periods, as well as lower attrition levels than normal. The Company engages over 13,700 independently-contracted insurance agents. Refer to Management's Discussion Analysis for exclusive agent counts. 
 
 People, Culture, and Community 
 
 At Globe Life, we are united by our mission to Make Tomorrow Better 1 and this starts with our employees and agents. Beyond providing insurance protection for millions of individuals, serving our policyholders and generating financial results for our shareholders, we focus on cultivating a healthy, positive culture and a thriving community within and among our campuses that is inclusive of and attractive for all. Globe Life promotes a diverse work force, where differences are celebrated and inclusiveness is embraced, to better enable our employees to consistently achieve outstanding individual and collective results. Our commitment to diversity starts at the top; of the 10 independent Board members, 50 are women and 20 are racial/ethnic minorities as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 1 Per the Globe Life Employee Handbook, the Globe Life mission statement is "We help families Make Tomorrow Better by working to protect their financial future." 
 6 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Globe Life employees, (excluding independently-contracted agents) identify as follows: 
 2022 Ethnicity/Race Gender Generations White 54 Female 68 Baby Boomers (1946-1964) 18 Black or African American 22 Male 32 Gen X (1965-1977) 30 Hispanic or Latino 13 Millennials (1978-1995) 43 Asian 9 Gen Z (1996-2012) 9 American Indian or Alaskan Native 1 Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander Other or Not Specified 1 Total 100 100 100 
 2021 Ethnicity/Race Gender Generations White 56 Female 66 Baby Boomers (1946-1964) 20 Black or African American 21 Male 34 Gen X (1965-1977) 31 Hispanic or Latino 12 Millennials (1978-1995) 41 Asian 9 Gen Z (1996-2012) 8 American Indian or Alaskan Native 1 Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander Other or Not Specified 1 Total 100 100 100 
 
 We conduct a confidential survey biennially to give our employees the opportunity to provide candid feedback about their experiences at the Company, including but not limited to, confidence in the Company and leadership, competitiveness of our compensation and benefit package, and departmental relationships. The results are shared with our employees, reviewed by senior leadership, and used to identify areas for improvement and create action plans based on the employee feedback received. 
 
 We strive to Make Tomorrow Bette r, in part by giving financial and service contributions to programs that provide hands-on assistance in the communities where we live, work, serve, and visit. We focus our charitable giving on organizations that support children, families, veterans, and seniors, as well as those that work to ensure people are able to live full, healthy lives. These categories align with our mission to help families Make Tomorrow Better by working to protect their financial future. In 2022, we provided financial support of approximately 4.0 million to organizations within that focus, including charities that support underserved communities, provide scholarships to youth, and advance equity and diversity efforts. 
 
 Talent Development 
 
 At Globe Life, we believe investing in our employees through training and development is paramount to their success. We have developed a learning ecosystem that includes a multitude of professional development opportunities, including online, self-directed, and instructor-led courses on a variety of topics. An education assistance program is also offered to facilitate growth in an area related to one's current position with the Company. 
 
 Health, Safety, and Wellness 
 
 We strive to provide a safe and healthy work environment for every employee. We furnish employees with numerous tools and trainings throughout the year to help ensure they have, at their fingertips, the best information to safely engage with co-workers, customers, and third parties. In furtherance of our commitment to our employees, we offer a comprehensive employee benefits package that includes competitive monetary benefits, retirement 
 7 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 benefits through a Section 401(k) plan and a qualified pension to eligible employees, fitness center reimbursement, paid-time-off (based on years of service), health insurance, dental and vision insurance, employee resource program, health savings and flexible spending accounts, family leave, and tuition assistance. 
 
 The Company remains committed to the well-being and safety of its employees, agents, customers, guests, vendors and shareholders in our resolve to maintain a stable and secure business environment. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, our crisis management and incident response teams guided the Company through an expedited, yet smooth, transition towards working remotely. In 2022, the Company continued to implement steps that were effective during the pandemic to ensure the health and safety of our employees, including: 
 Continuation of business operations, both in a remote and hybrid work environment; 
 Maintaining workplace health and safety protocols to allow employees to safely return to Company facilities on a voluntary basis; 
 Enhancements to Resilient@Globe Life, an intra-company website dedicated to COVID-19 issues, which provides employees with relevant and timely information, and interactive employee guides; 
 Extension of our short-term disability benefits to support employees unable to work as a result of contracting or being exposed to COVID-19; and 
 Communication with employees on pandemic-related policies and procedures, implementation of emergency business operations (such as social distancing and enhanced cleaning protocols at company facilities), and provision of pandemic health and wellness resources (including seminars regarding mental health). 

8 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 The insurance industry is a regulated industry, populated by many public and private companies. We operate in the industry's life and health insurance sectors, each of which has its own set of risks. 

Business and Operational Risks 
 
 The development and maintenance of our various distribution channels are critical to growth in product sales and profits. 
 
 Our future success depends, in substantial part, on our ability to recruit, hire, and motivate highly-skilled insurance personnel. Further, the development and retention of producing agents are critical to supporting sales growth in our agency operations because our insurance sales are primarily made to individuals. 
 
 A failure to effectively develop new methods of reaching consumers, realize cost efficiencies or generate an attractive value proposition in our Direct to Consumer Division business could result in reduced sales and profits. In addition, if we do not provide an attractive career opportunity with competitive compensation as well as motivation for producing agents to increase sales of our products, our growth could be impeded. Doing so may be difficult due to many factors, including but not limited to, fluctuations in economic and industry conditions and the effectiveness of our compensation programs and competition among other employers. 
 
 Our life insurance products are sold in niche markets. We are at risk should any of these markets diminish. 
 
 We have several life distribution channels that focus on distinct market niches, three of which are labor unions, affinity groups, and sales via Direct to Consumer solicitations. Deterioration of our relationships with either organized labor or affinity groups, or adverse changes in the public s receptivity to Direct to Consumer marketing initiatives could negatively affect our life insurance business. 
 
 The impact of COVID-19 and related risks could materially affect our results of operations, financial position and/or liquidity. 
 
 The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, and U.S. and international responses, are wide-ranging, costly, and disruptive, and has resulted in significant disruptions in economic activity and financial markets. Excess deaths from non-COVID causes have directly and indirectly adversely affected the Company and will likely continue to do so for an uncertain period of time. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic subjects the Company to various potential risks that could adversely affect the Company in different ways, including but not limited to the following: 
 
 Reduced sales resulting from potential limitations in the virtual sales and agent recruiting process or reductions in the willingness or ability of consumers to purchase our products; 
 Reduced cash flows from lower premiums, higher surrenders and greater than anticipated claim payments; 
 Disruptions, delays, and increased costs and risks related to employees working remotely, having limited or no access to our facilities, and experiencing reductions or interruptions of critical or essential services; 
 Ratings downgrades, increased bankruptcies and credit spread widening in industries in which we invest in our investment portfolio. 
 
 Actual or alleged misclassification of independent contractors at our insurance subsidiaries could result in adverse legal, tax or financial consequences. 
 
 A significant portion of our sales agents are independent contractors. Although we believe we have properly classified such individuals, a risk nevertheless exists that a court, the Internal Revenue Service or other authority will take the position that our sales agents are employees. From time-to-time, we are subject to civil litigation, including class and collective action litigation, alleging that we have improperly classified certain of our sales agents as independent contractors. Though we believe our sales agents are properly classified as independent contractors, a future adverse judgment in connection with such litigation could result in substantial damages. 
 9 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Financial and Strategic Risks 
 
 Our investments are subject to market and credit risks. Significant downgrades, delinquencies and defaults in our investment portfolio could potentially result in lower net investment income and increased realized and unrealized investment losses. 
 
 Our invested assets are subject to the customary risks of defaults, downgrades, and changes in market values. Our investment portfolio consists predominately of fixed maturity and short-term investments, where we are exposed to the risk that individual issuers will not have the ability to make required interest or principal payments. A concentration of these investments in any particular issuer, industry, group of related industries or geographic areas could increase this risk. Factors that may affect both market and credit risks include interest rate levels (consisting of both treasury rate and credit spread), financial market performance, disruptions in credit markets, general economic conditions, legislative changes, particular circumstances affecting the businesses or industries of each issuer and other factors beyond our control. 
 
 Additionally, as the majority of our investments are long-term fixed maturities that we typically hold until maturity, a significant increase in interest rates and/or credit spreads could cause a material temporary decline in the fair value of our fixed investment portfolio, even with regard to performing assets. These declines could cause a material increase in unrealized losses in our investment portfolio. Significant unrealized losses could substantially reduce our capital position and shareholders equity. It is possible our investment in certain of these securities with unrealized losses could experience a credit event where an allowance for credit loss is recorded, reducing net income. 
 
 We cannot be assured that any particular issuer, regardless of industry, will be able to make required interest and principal payments on a timely basis or at all. Significant downgrades or defaults of issuers could negatively impact our risk-based capital ratios, leading to potential downgrades of the Company by rating agencies, potential reduction in future dividend capacity from our insurance subsidiaries, and/or higher financing costs at Globe Life Inc. (Parent Company) should additional statutory capital be required. 
 
 Changes in interest rates could negatively affect income . 
 
 Declines in interest rates expose insurance companies to the risk that they will fail to earn the level of interest on investments assumed in pricing products and in setting discount rates used to calculate net policy liabilities, which could have a negative impact on income. Significant decreases in interest rates could result in calls by issuers of investments, where such features are available to issuers. Any such calls could result in a decline in our investment income, as reinvestment of the proceeds would likely be at lower interest rates. 
 
 An increase in interest rates could result in certain policyholders surrendering their life or annuity policies for cash, thereby potentially requiring our insurance subsidiaries to liquidate invested assets if other sources of liquidity are not available to meet their obligations. In such a case, realized losses could result from the sale of the invested assets and could adversely affect our statutory income, required capital levels, and results of operations. 

10 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to fund operations is substantially dependent on available funds from our insurance subsidiaries. 
 
 As a holding company with no direct operations, our principal asset is the capital stock of our insurance subsidiaries, which periodically declare and distribute dividends on their capital stock. Moreover, our liquidity, including our ability to pay our operating expenses and to make principal and interest payments on debt securities or other indebtedness owed by us, as well as our ability to pay dividends on our common stock or any preferred stock, depends significantly upon the surplus and earnings of our insurance subsidiaries and the ability of these subsidiaries to pay dividends or to advance or repay funds to us. Other sources of liquidity include a variety of short-term and long-term instruments, including our credit facility, commercial paper, long-term debt, Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB), intercompany financing and reinsurance. 
 
 The principal sources of our insurance subsidiaries liquidity are insurance premiums, as well as investment income, maturities, repayments and other cash flow from our investment portfolio. Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to various state statutory and regulatory restrictions applicable to insurance companies that limit the amount of cash dividends, loans, and advances that those subsidiaries may pay to us, including laws establishing minimum solvency and liquidity thresholds. For example, in the states where our companies are domiciled, an insurance company generally may pay dividends only out of its unassigned surplus as reflected in its statutory financial statements filed in that state. Additionally, dividends paid by insurance subsidiaries are restricted based on regulations by their states of domicile. Accordingly, impairments in assets or disruptions in our insurance subsidiaries operations that reduce their capital or cash flow could limit or disallow the payment of dividends, a principal source of our cash flow, to us. 
 
 Changes in laws or regulations in the states in which our companies are domiciled could constrain the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends or to advance or repay funds to us in sufficient amounts and at times necessary to pay our debt obligations, corporate expenses, or dividends on our capital stock. 
 
 Adverse capital and credit market conditions may significantly affect our ability to meet liquidity needs or access capital, as well as affect our cost of capital. 
 
 Should interest rates increase in the future, the higher interest expense on any newly issued debt may reduce net income. In addition, if the credit and capital markets were to experience significant disruption, uncertainty and instability, these conditions could adversely affect our access to capital. Such market conditions could limit our ability to replace maturing debt obligations in a timely manner or at all and/or access the capital necessary to grow our business. 
 
 In the unlikely event that current sources of liquidity do not satisfy our needs, we may have to seek additional financing or raise capital. The availability and cost of additional financing or capital depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit or capital, the volume of trading activities, the overall availability of credit to the insurance industry and our credit ratings and credit capacity. Additionally, customers, lenders or investors could develop a negative perception of our financial prospects if we were to incur large investment losses or if the level of our business activity decreased due to a market downturn. Our access to funds may also be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. If our internal sources of liquidity prove to be insufficient, we may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on favorable terms or at all. As such, we may be forced to delay raising capital, issue shorter term securities than we would prefer or bear an unattractive cost of capital which could decrease our profitability and significantly reduce our financial flexibility. If so, our results of operations, financial condition, consolidated RBC, and cash flows could be materially negatively affected. 

Industry Risks 
 
 Variations in actual-to-expected rates of mortality, morbidity and persistency could materially negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We establish policy reserves to pay future policyholder benefits. These reserves do not represent an exact calculation of liability, but rather are actuarial estimates based on models and accounting requirements that include many assumptions and projections which are inherently uncertain. The reserve computations involve the exercise of significant judgment with respect to levels of mortality, morbidity, persistency, and investment yields, as well as the 
 11 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 timing of premium and benefit payments. Even though our actuaries continually test actual-to-expected results, actual results may differ significantly from the levels assumed, which could result in increased policy obligations and expenses and thus negatively affect our profit margins and income. 
 
 A ratings downgrade or other negative action by a rating agency could materially affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Various rating agencies review the financial performance and condition of insurers, including our insurance subsidiaries, and publish their financial strength ratings as indicators of an insurer s ability to fulfill its contractual obligations. These ratings are important to maintaining public confidence in our insurance products. A downgrade or other negative action by a rating agency with respect to the financial strength ratings of our insurance subsidiaries could negatively affect us by limiting or restricting the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends to us and reducing our sales by adversely affecting our ability to sell insurance products through independent insurance agencies. 
 
 The supplemental health insurance market is subject to substantial regulatory scrutiny. 
 
 Regulatory changes could impact our Medicare Supplement and other supplemental health business. The nature and timing of any such changes cannot be predicted and could have a material adverse effect on our supplemental health insurance business. 
 
 Obtaining timely and appropriate premium rate increases for certain supplemental health insurance policies is critical. 
 
 A significant percentage of the supplemental health insurance premiums that our insurance subsidiaries earn is from Medicare Supplement insurance. Medicare Supplement insurance, including conditions under which the premiums for such policies may be increased, is highly regulated at both the state and federal level. As a result, our Medicare Supplement business is characterized by lower profit margins than life insurance and requires strict administrative discipline and economies of scale for success. Since Medicare Supplement policies are coordinated with the federal Medicare program, which commonly experiences health care inflation every year, annual premium rate increases for the Medicare Supplement policies are typically necessary. Accordingly, the inability of our insurance subsidiaries to obtain approval of appropriate premium rate increases for supplemental health insurance plans in a timely manner from state insurance regulatory authorities could adversely impact their profitability and thus our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Our business is subject to the risk of the occurrence of catastrophic events that could adversely affect our financial condition or operations. 
 
 Our insurance policies are issued to and held by a large number of policyholders throughout the United States in relatively low-face amounts. Accordingly, it is unlikely that a large portion of our policyholder base would be affected by a single natural disaster. However, our insurance operations could be exposed to the risk of catastrophic mortality or morbidity caused by events such as a pandemic, hurricane, earthquake, or man-made catastrophes, including acts of terrorism or war, which may produce significant claims in larger areas, especially those that are heavily populated. Claims resulting from natural or man-made catastrophic events could cause substantial volatility in our financial results for any fiscal quarter or year and could materially reduce our profitability or harm our financial condition. 
 
 Our life and health insurance products are particularly exposed to risks of catastrophic mortality, such as a pandemic or other events that result in a large number of deaths. In addition, the occurrence of such an event in a concentrated geographic area could have a severe disruptive effect on our workforce and business operations. The likelihood and severity of such events cannot be predicted and are difficult to estimate. In such an event, the impact to our operations could have a material adverse impact on our ability to conduct business and on our results of operations and financial condition, particularly if those problems affect employees performing operational tasks and supporting computer-based data processing, or destroy the capability to transmit, store, and retrieve valuable data. In addition, in the event that a significant number of our management were unavailable following a disaster, the achievement of our strategic objectives could be negatively impacted. 

12 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Our business is subject to the risk of direct or indirect effects of climate change. 
 
 Climate change may increase the frequency and severity of weather-related natural disasters and pandemics, which may adversely impact our mortality and morbidity rates and disrupt our business operations. In addition, climate change and climate change regulation may affect the prospects of companies and other entities whose securities we hold, or our willingness to continue to hold their securities. Climate change may also influence investor sentiment with respect to the Company and investments in our portfolio. 

Legal, Regulatory, and Compliance Risks 
 
 Our businesses are heavily regulated and changes in regulation may reduce our profitability and growth. 
 
 Insurance companies, including our insurance subsidiaries, are subject to extensive supervision and regulation in the states in which they conduct business. The primary purpose of this supervision and regulation is the protection of policyholders, not investors. Regulatory agencies have broad administrative power over numerous aspects of our business, including premium rates and other terms and conditions included in the insurance policies offered by our insurance subsidiaries, marketing practices, advertising, agent licensing, policy forms, capital adequacy, solvency, reserves and permitted investments. Also, regulatory authorities have relatively broad discretion to grant, renew or revoke licenses or approvals. The insurance laws, regulations and policies currently affecting our companies may change at any time, possibly having an adverse effect on our business. Should regulatory changes occur, we may be unable to maintain all required licenses and approvals, or fully comply with the wide variety of applicable laws and regulations or the relevant authority s interpretation of such laws and regulations. If we do not have the requisite licenses and approvals or do not comply with applicable regulatory requirements, the insurance regulatory authorities could preclude or temporarily suspend some or all of our business activities and/or impose substantial fines. 
 
 Changes in U.S. federal income tax law could increase our tax costs or negatively impact our insurance subsidiaries' capital. 
 
 Changes to the Internal Revenue Code, administrative rulings, or court decisions affecting the insurance industry, including the products insurers offer, could increase our effective tax rate and lower our net income, adversely impact our insurance subsidiaries' capital, or limit the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to sell certain of their products. 
 
 Changes in accounting standards issued by accounting standard-setting bodies may affect our financial statements, reduce our reported profitability and change the timing of profit recognition. 
 
 Our financial statements are subject to the application of GAAP and accounting practices as promulgated by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners statutory accounting practices (NAIC SAP), which principles are periodically revised and/or expanded. Accordingly, from time to time we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards or guidance issued by recognized authoritative bodies. Future accounting standards that we are required to adopt could change the current accounting treatment that we apply to our consolidated financial statements. These changes, including underlying assumptions, projections, estimates or judgments/interpretations by management, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. (Refer to Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies under the caption Accounting Pronouncements Yet to be Adopted 

13 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Non-compliance with laws or regulations related to customer and consumer privacy and information security, including a failure to ensure that our business associates with access to sensitive customer and consumer information maintain its confidentiality, could materially adversely affect our reputation and business operations. 
 
 The collection, maintenance, use, disclosure and disposal of personally identifiable information by our insurance subsidiaries are regulated at the international, federal, and state levels. Applicable laws and rules are subject to change by legislation or administrative or judicial interpretation. Various state laws address the use and disclosure of personally identifiable information to the extent they are more restrictive than those contained in the privacy and security provisions in the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 (GLBA), the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (HITECH), and in the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA). HIPAA also requires that we impose privacy and security requirements on our business associates (as that term is defined in the HIPAA regulations). Noncompliance with any privacy laws, whether by us or by one of our business associates, could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation and results of operations and could result in material fines and penalties, various forms of damages, consent orders regarding our privacy and security practices, adverse actions against our licenses to do business, and injunctive relief. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 The failure to maintain effective and efficient information systems at the Company could compromise data security, thereby adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our business is highly dependent upon the internet, third-party service providers, and information systems to operate in an efficient and resilient manner. We gather and maintain data for the purpose of conducting marketing, actuarial analysis, sales and policy administration functions. 
 
 Malicious third-parties, employee or agent errors or disasters affecting our information systems could impair our business operations, regulatory compliance, and financial condition. Employee or agent malfeasance or errors in the handling of our information systems may result in unauthorized access to customer or proprietary information, or an inability to use our information systems to efficiently support business operations. 
 
 More frequent and sophisticated cyberattacks and more impactful regulatory oversight models could result in additional costs to protect against security breaches. Any breach of confidential information systems resulting from the above factors could damage our reputation in the marketplace, deter potential customers from purchasing our products, result in the loss of existing customers, subject us to significant civil and criminal liability, constrain cash flows, or require us to incur significant technical, legal, or other expenses. 
 
 The failure to effectively maintain and modernize our information technology systems and infrastructure could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our ability to modernize our information technology systems and infrastructure requires us to commit to significant resources, effective planning, and execution. In addition, due to the highly regulated nature of the insurance industry, we must continually implement new, and maintain existing, technology or adapt existing technology to meet compliance requirements of new and proposed regulations. Should we be unable to implement these innovations effectively, efficiently, or in a timely manner, it could result in poor customer experience, poor agent experience, additional expenses, reputational harm, legal and regulatory actions and other adverse consequences. This could also result in the inability to effectively support business operations. 
 
 Damage to the brand and reputation of Globe Life or its subsidiaries could affect our ability to conduct business. 
 
 Negative publicity through traditional media, internet, social media and other public forums could damage our brand or reputation and adversely impact our agent recruiting efforts, the ability to market our products and the persistency of in-force policies. 

14 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 We may fail to meet expectations relating to environmental, social, and governance standards and practices . 
 
 Certain existing or potential investors, customers and regulators evaluate our business or other practices according to a variety of environmental, social and governance (ESG) standards and expectations. Certain of our regulators have proposed or adopted, or may propose or adopt, ESG rules or standards that would apply to our business. Our practices may be judged by ESG standards that are continually evolving and not always clear. Prevailing ESG standards and expectations may also reflect contrasting or conflicting values or agendas. We may fail to meet our commitments or targets, and our policies and processes to evaluate and manage ESG standards in coordination with other business priorities may not prove completely effective or satisfy investors, customers, regulators, or others. Additionally, we could fail to report accurately or achieve progress on our metrics on a timely basis, or at all, which in-turn could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial performance and growth. We may face adverse regulatory, investor, customer, media, or public scrutiny leading to business, reputational, or legal challenges. 
 
 15 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Globe Life had no unresolved SEC staff comments. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 Globe Life Inc., through its subsidiaries, owns or leases buildings that are used in the normal course of business. Globe Life Inc. owns and occupies approximately 480,000 combined square feet in McKinney, Texas (headquarters) and at the Waco, Texas and Oklahoma City, Oklahoma campuses. Additionally, the Company leases other buildings across the U.S. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 Discussion regarding litigation and unclaimed property audits is provided in Note 6 Commitments and Contingencies . 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 16 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

Part II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Price of and Dividends on the Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The principal market in which Globe Life's common stock is traded is the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: GL). There were 2,030 shareholders of record on December 31, 2022, excluding shareholder accounts held in nominee form. 
 
 The line graph shown below compares Globe Life's cumulative total return on its common stock with the cumulative total returns of the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index (S P 500) and a Life Insurance Index. Globe Life's stock is included within the S P 500 Index. 

100 invested on 12/31/2017 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ended December 31. 
 Copyright 2023 Standard Poor's, a division of S P Global. All rights reserved. 

17 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Purchases of Certain Equity Securities by the Issuer and Others for the Fourth Quarter 2022 (a) (b) (c) (d) Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares (or Approximate Dollar Amount) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 1-31, 2022 122,082 110.68 122,082 November 1-30, 2022 605,700 113.57 605,700 December 1-31, 2022 310,000 118.98 310,000 
 
 On August 10, 2022, Globe Life's Board reaffirmed its continued authorization of the Company s stock repurchase program in amounts and with timing that management, in consultation with the Board, determined to be in the best interest of the Company. The program has no defined expiration date or maximum number of shares to be purchased. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 18 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS 
 
 We caution readers regarding certain forward-looking statements contained in the foregoing discussion and elsewhere in this document, and in any other statements made by, or on behalf of Globe Life whether or not in future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any statement that is not a historical fact, or that might otherwise be considered an opinion or projection concerning the Company or its business, whether express or implied, is meant as and should be considered a forward-looking statement. Such statements represent management's opinions concerning future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement because of new information, future developments, or otherwise. 
 
 Forward-looking statements are based upon estimates and assumptions that are subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, including uncertainties related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and associated direct and indirect effects on our business operations, financial results, and financial condition. If these estimates or assumptions prove to be incorrect, the actual results of Globe Life may differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on the basis of such estimates or assumptions. Whether or not actual results differ materially from forward-looking statements may depend on numerous foreseeable and unforeseeable events or developments, which may be national in scope, related to the insurance industry generally, or applicable to the Company specifically. Such events or developments could include, but are not necessarily limited to: 
 1. Economic and other conditions, including the impact of inflation, geopolitical events and the COVID-19 pandemic on the U.S. economy, leading to unexpected changes in lapse rates and/or sales of our policies, as well as levels of mortality, morbidity, and utilization of health care services that differ from Globe Life's assumptions; 
 2. Regulatory developments, including changes in accounting standards or governmental regulations (particularly those impacting taxes and changes to the Federal Medicare program that would affect Medicare Supplement); 
 3. Market trends in the senior-aged health care industry that provide alternatives to traditional Medicare (such as Health Maintenance Organizations and other managed care or private plans) and that could affect the sales of traditional Medicare Supplement insurance; 
 4. Interest rate changes that affect product sales, financing costs, and/or investment portfolio yield; 
 5. General economic, industry sector or individual debt issuers financial conditions (including developments and volatility arising from geopolitical events and the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly in certain industries that may comprise part of our investment portfolio) that may affect the current market value of securities we own, or that may impair an issuer s ability to make principal and/or interest payments due on those securities; 
 6. Changes in the competitiveness of the Company's products and pricing; 
 7. Litigation results; 
 8. Levels of administrative and operational efficiencies that differ from our assumptions (including any reduction in efficiencies resulting from increased costs arising from operating during the COVID-19 pandemic and the impact of higher than anticipated inflation); 
 9. The ability to obtain timely and appropriate premium rate increases for health insurance policies from our regulators; 
 10. The customer response to new products and marketing initiatives; 
 11. Reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements which are based on management estimates and judgments which may differ from the actual amounts ultimately realized; 
 12. Compromise by a malicious actor or other event that causes a loss of secure data from, or inaccessibility to, our computer and other information technology systems; 
 13. The severity, magnitude, and impact of natural or man-made catastrophic events, including but not limited to pandemics, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, war and terrorism, on our operations and personnel, commercial activity and demand for our products; and 
 14. Our ability to access the commercial paper and debt markets, particularly if such markets become unpredictable or unstable for a certain period. 
 
 Readers are also directed to consider other risks and uncertainties described in other documents on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 19 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with Globe Life's Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. The following management discussion will only include comparison to prior year. For discussion regarding activity from 2020, please refer to the prior filed Form 10-Ks at www.sec.gov. 

"Globe Life" and the "Company" refer to Globe Life Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates. 

Results of Operations 

How Globe Life Views Its Operations. Globe Life Inc. is the holding company for a group of insurance companies that market primarily individual life and supplemental health insurance to lower middle to middle-income households throughout the United States. We view our operations by segments, which are the insurance product lines of life, supplemental health, and annuities, and the investment segment that supports the product lines. Segments are aligned based on their common characteristics, comparability of the profit margins, and management techniques used to operate each segment. 
 
 Insurance Product Line Segments. The insurance product line segments involve the marketing, underwriting, and administration of policies. Each product line is further segmented by the various distribution channels that market the insurance policies. Each distribution channel operates in a niche market offering insurance products designed for that particular market. Whether analyzing profitability of a segment as a whole, or the individual distribution channels within the segment, the measure of profitability used by management is the underwriting margin, as seen below: 
 
 Premium revenue 
 (Policy obligations) 
 (Policy acquisition costs and commissions) 
 Underwriting margin 

Investment Segment. The investment segment involves the management of our capital resources, including investments and the management of corporate debt and liquidity. Our measure of profitability for the investment segment is excess investment income, as seen below: 
 Net investment income 
 (Required interest on net policy liabilities) 
 (Financing costs) 
 Excess investment income 

20 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Long-Duration Targeted Improvements. As discussed in further detail within Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies , the Company will adopt ASU 2018-12, Financial Services Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts (LDTI) , effective on January 1, 2023. The Company has selected the modified retrospective transition method upon adoption as of the transition date (the Transition Date of January 1, 2021. The accounting adoption will have no economic impact on the cash flows of our business nor influence our business model of providing basic protection-oriented products to the underserved and lower middle to middle-income market. In addition, it will not impact our statutory earnings, statutory capital, nor our capital management philosophies. 
 
 The adoption will, however, modify the timing of when profits emerge on our insurance policies and result in the restatement of 2021 and 2022 key figures in the 2023 consolidated financial statements. We are anticipating GAAP net income and net operating income to increase significantly under the new standard primarily due to a reduction in deferred acquisition cost (DAC) amortization in the near to intermediate term. Additionally, future policy benefits on our life insurance business for 2021 and 2022, as restated to reflect the new standard, will be adjusted to reflect updated assumptions used to determine the reserves as well as the treatment of adverse claims experience incurred in 2021 and 2022, which gets spread out over future periods from transition, including those relating to COVID-19. This will result in slightly higher future policy benefits, as a percentage of premium, in future years than what would have been expected under existing guidance. Finally, we expect some modest decreases to future policy benefits, as a percentage of premium, in our health business on some of our limited benefit plans under the new standard. 
 
 With respect to future policy benefits, we anticipate an increase of between 9.5 billion and 11.0 billion on the Transition Date, which will be reflected in other comprehensive income. This change reflects an unrealized interest rate loss at transition and is a result of several primary factors: 
 a. Life insurance future policy benefit cash flows tend to be long as death benefits, which are greater than premium amounts, are typically paid to beneficiaries many years after a policy is issued. This results in a generally longer overall liability duration than the overall asset duration. 
 b. The new methodology requires the use of current discount rates (upper-medium grade) rather than locked-in discount rates, which are determined when a policy is issued. Current discount rates are generally lower than the locked-in discount rates used to determine net income. The required current discount rate is inconsistent with historical practices, the current asset portfolio and current investment strategy. 
 c. The methodology requires the net premium ratio 2 used to determine future policy benefits be based on locked-in rates rather than permitting the redetermination of the net premium ratio using current discount rates. This restricts the level of gross premiums allowed in the calculation, as well as the level of gross premiums available to offset the impact of current discount rates to the extent these rates are realized in future years. Because of this requirement, the change in future policy benefits results in a measure of unrealized gain (loss) due to differences in discount rates only. 
 
 For Globe Life, discount rates lower than the locked-in discount rate under LDTI have the effect of increasing the level of reserves carried due to the use of net premiums in the calculation as compared to current GAAP, which in the loss recognition test, uses the total gross premium. Once implemented, future policy benefits will be sensitive to changes in current discount rates for the reasons stated above. To demonstrate this sensitivity to discount rates, to the extent current discount rates were consistent with rates as of December 31, 2022, we estimate future policy benefits as of the Transition Date would have only increased between 1.5 billion and 2.3 billion. 
 
 With respect to shareholders equity, as of the end of 2020, reported shareholders equity on the Consolidated Balance Sheets was 8.8 billion. We anticipate a decrease in the range of 7.5 billion to 8.5 billion, net of tax, as a result of the requirement to use current discount rates to remeasure the future policy benefits and record the offset through accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) at adoption. 
 
 If we hold all else equal as of the Transition Date but use current discount rates as of December 31, 2022, the after-tax decrease in AOCI due solely to the increase in future policy benefits would have been in the range of 1.2 billion 
 
 2 The net premium ratio is the ratio between the present value of benefits and the present value of gross premium. 
 21 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 to 1.8 billion. AOCI would also be impacted by fluctuations in the valuation of the fixed maturity bond portfolio in this situation. 
 
 Another item impacting shareholders equity relates to increases in the liability for future policy benefits on smaller, older blocks of business with a minimum floor or net premium ratios capped at 100 . For blocks of business that require increases in future policy benefits to minimum levels, or a net premium ratio capped at 100 on the Transition Date, any difference between the future policy benefits calculated using the discount rate immediately before the Transition Date, and the existing carrying value as of the Transition Date is recorded as an adjustment (decrease) to opening retained earnings. At the Transition Date, we expect an immaterial decrease to opening retained earnings related to these items. 
 
 As noted above, we expect GAAP net income and net operating income to increase under the new standard due to a significant decrease in the annual amortization of DAC in the near and intermediate term. This is a result of changes to the calculation of amortization rate, including use of only deferred costs through the valuation date. For business with deferrals of renewal commissions, as is the case with our captive agency channels, the expected amortization rate as a percentage of premium will no longer be level, but will increase over the period of time during which commissions are deferred. The decrease in amortization in the near term will primarily impact our life insurance line of business. In total, we expect the increase in net income in 2023, largely due to the decrease in amortization, to fall within a range of 105 million and 115 million, net of tax. 
 
 Regarding our measure of excess investment income, we expect a significant decrease in the figure as a result of the updated standard. This is driven by the removal of interest in the computation of DAC. Although non-GAAP measures, the review of underwriting margin and excess investment income will remain an important part of the Company s measurement of performance. 

Inflation Reduction Act. The Inflation Reduction Act (the Act) was enacted on August 16, 2022, and included a new corporate alternative minimum tax (CAMT). The Act and CAMT go into effect for tax years beginning after 2022. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact the Act will have, if any, on the financial statements. 
 22 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

 Current Highlights, comparing year-to-date 2022 with 2021. 
 Net income as a return on equity (ROE) for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 12.3 and net operating income as an ROE, excluding net unrealized gains or losses on the fixed maturity portfolio (1) was 13.4 . 
 Total premium increased 5 over the prior year. Life premium increased 4 for the period from 2.9 billion in 2021 to 3.0 billion in 2022. Life underwriting margin increased 23 from 624 million in 2021 to 769 million in 2022. 
 Net investment income increased 4 over the same period in the prior year. 
 Total net sales increased 2 over the same period in the prior year from 706 million in 2021 to 722 million in 2022. 
 Book value per share declined 42 below the same period in the prior year from 85.97 to 49.65. Book value per share, excluding net unrealized gains or losses on the fixed maturity portfolio (1) , increased 9 over the prior year from 58.50 in 2021 to 64.01 in 2022. 
 The Company incurred 49 million of COVID-19 net life claims (net of reserves released upon death) for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with 140 million during the same period last year. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 3.3 million shares of Globe Life Inc. common stock at a total cost of 335 million for an average share price of 100.90. 
 The following graphs represent net income and net operating income for the three years ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 (1) As shown in the charts above, net operating income is the consolidated total of segment profits after tax and as such is considered a non-GAAP measure. It has been used consistently by Globe Life's management for many years to evaluate the operating performance of the Company. It differs from net income primarily because it excludes certain non-operating items such as realized gains and losses and certain significant and unusual items included in net income. Net income is the most directly comparable GAAP measure. 
 Net operating income as an ROE, excluding net unrealized gains or losses on the fixed maturity portfolio, is considered a non-GAAP measure. Management utilizes this measure to view the business without the effect of the net unrealized gains or losses, which are primarily attributable to fluctuation in interest rates on the available-for-sale portfolio. The impact of the adjustment to exclude net unrealized gains or losses on fixed maturities, net of tax is (1.4) billion and 2.8 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Book value per share, excluding net unrealized gains or losses on the fixed maturity portfolio, is also considered a non-GAAP measure. Management utilizes this measure to view the book value of the business without the effect of net unrealized gains or losses, which are primarily attributable to fluctuation in interest rates on the available-for-sale portfolio. The impact of the adjustment to exclude net unrealized gains or losses on fixed maturities is (14.36) and 27.47 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Refer to Analysis of Profitability by Segment for non-GAAP reconciliation to GAAP. 
 23 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

Summary of Operations. Net income declined 1 to 740 million in 2022, compared with 745 million in 2021. This decrease was primarily related to an increase in realized losses on the fixed maturity portfolio offset by lower COVID-19 life claims . On a diluted per common share basis, net income per common share for 2022 increased from 7.22 to 7.47. Included in net income were after-tax realized losses of 60 million in 2022, compared with realized after-tax gains of 47 million for 2021. Realized gains and losses are presented more fully under the caption Realized Gains and Losses in this report. 
 
 Net operating income from operations increased 14 to 806 million in 2022, compared with 707 million in 2021. On a diluted per common share basis, net operating income per common share increased from 6.86 to 8.15, a 19 increase. Net operating income is the consolidated total of segment profits after tax and as such is considered a non-GAAP measure. Net income is the most directly comparable GAAP measure. We do not consider realized gains and losses to be a component of our core insurance operations or operating segments. Net income was also impacted by certain significant and unusual non-operating items in 2021 and 2022. We do not view these items as components of core operating results because they are not indicative of past performance or future prospects of the insurance operations. We remove items such as these that relate to prior periods or are non-operating items when evaluating the results of current operations, and therefore exclude such items from our segment analysis for current periods. 
 
 The Company continues to see positive signs in its core operations, including strong sales, favorable persistency, and a strong ROE, excluding net unrealized gains or losses on the fixed maturity portfolio. 

COVID-19. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred 49 million of COVID-19 net life claims, compared to 140 million in 2021. Per the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), there were approximately 243 thousand U.S. COVID-19 deaths in 2022, down from approximately 460 thousand in 2021. The Company s level of COVID-19 net life claims, on average for the year, was approximately 2 million per 10,000 U.S. deaths, a decrease from 3 million per 10,000 U.S. deaths in 2021. 
 
 Going forward, we anticipate approximately 45 million in impact from excess life claims in 2023 from both COVID-19 and related non-COVID-19 causes at the mid-point of our guidance. We define excess life claims as the additional claims that arose over what would have been expected based on pre-COVID experience. The projected life claims are dependent on many variables, including, but not limited to, projected U.S. deaths from COVID-19, the timing and availability of effective treatments for the disease, vaccination rates and effectiveness of vaccines, impact from potential variants, and the ages and geographic areas in which infections and deaths occur. 

24 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

 Globe Life's operations on a segment-by-segment basis are discussed in depth below. Net operating income has been used consistently by management for many years to evaluate the operating performance of the Company and is a measure commonly used in the life insurance industry. It differs from GAAP net income primarily because it excludes certain non-operating items such as realized gains and losses and other significant and unusual items included in net income. Management believes an analysis of net operating income is important in understanding the profitability and operating trends of the Company s business. Net income is the most directly comparable GAAP measure. 

Analysis of Profitability by Segment 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2022 Change 2021 Change Life insurance underwriting margin 768,546 623,675 674,946 144,871 23 (51,271) (8) Health insurance underwriting margin 320,712 304,302 272,369 16,410 5 31,933 12 Annuity underwriting margin 8,226 8,704 9,029 (478) (5) (325) (4) Excess investment income 238,083 238,528 244,424 (445) (5,896) (2) Other insurance: Other income 1,246 1,216 1,325 30 2 (109) (8) Administrative expense (299,341) (271,631) (250,947) (27,710) 10 (20,684) 8 Corporate and other (46,806) (39,825) (45,783) (6,981) 18 5,958 (13) Pre-tax total 990,666 864,969 905,363 125,697 15 (40,394) (4) Applicable taxes (184,321) (157,472) (167,771) (26,849) 17 10,299 (6) Net operating income 
 806,345 707,497 737,592 98,848 14 (30,095) (4) Reconciling items, net of tax: Realized gain (loss) investments (60,473) 54,220 (1,915) (114,693) 56,135 Realized loss redemption of debt (7,358) (501) 7,358 (6,857) Administrative settlements (1,047) 1,047 (1,047) Non-operating expenses (4,196) (1,923) (816) (2,273) (1,107) Legal proceedings (1,972) (6,430) (2,587) 4,458 (3,843) Net income 
 739,704 744,959 731,773 (5,255) (1) 13,186 2 
 
 The life insurance segment is our primary segment and is the largest contributor to earnings in each year presented. The life insurance segment underwriting margin increased 145 million compared with the prior year, primarily due to lower life claims related to COVID-19 and growth in premiums. The health segment contributed to growth in income in both years, contributing 16 million of additional underwriting margin in 2022 and 32 million in 2021, a result of sustained premium growth. 
 25 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

 In 2022, the largest contributor of total underwriting margin was the life insurance segment and the primary distribution channel was the American Income Life Division. The following charts represent the breakdown of total underwriting margin by operating segment and distribution channel for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Total premium income rose 5 for the year ended December 31, 2022 to 4.3 billion. Total net sales increased 2 to 722 million, when compared with 2021. Total first-year collected premium (defined in the following section) was 577 million for 2022, compared with 583 million for 2021. 
 
 Life insurance premium income increased 4 to 3.0 billion over the prior-year total of 2.9 billion. Life net sales rose 2 to 531 million for the year ended 2022. First-year collected life premium declined 3 to 410 million. Life underwriting margins, as a percent of premium, increased to 25 in 2022 from 22 . Underwriting margin increased to 769 million in 2022, 23 over the same period in 2021, largely a result of a significant decline in COVID-19 net life claims and an increase in premium growth. 
 
 Health insurance premium income increased 6 to 1.3 billion over the prior-year total of 1.2 billion. Health net sales rose 4 to 191 million for the year ended 2022. First-year collected health premium rose 5 to 168 million. Health underwriting margins, as a percent of premium, were 25 in 2022 and 2021. Health underwriting margin increased to 321 million for the year ended 2022, 5 over the same period in 2021. 
 
 Excess investment income, the measure of profitability of our investment segment, declined slightly during 2022 to 238.1 million from 238.5 million in the same period in 2021. Excess investment income per common share, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, increased 4 to 2.41 from 2.31 when compared with the same period in 2021. 
 
 Insurance administrative expenses increased 10 in 2022 when compared with the prior-year period. These expenses were 7.0 as a percent of premium during 2022 compared with 6.6 a year earlier. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 3.3 million Globe Life Inc. shares at a total cost of 335 million for an average share price of 100.90. 
 
 26 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

 The discussions of our segments are presented in the manner we view our operations, as described in Note 14 Business Segments . 
 
 We use three statistical measures as indicators of premium growth and sales over the near term: annualized premium in force, net sales, and first-year collected premium. 
 Annualized premium in force is defined as the premium income that would be received over the following twelve months at any given date on all active policies if those policies remain in force throughout the twelve-month period. 
 Net sales, a statistical performance measure, is calculated as annualized premium issued, net of cancellations in the first thirty days after issue, except in the case of Direct to Consumer, where net sales is annualized premium issued at the time the first full premium is paid after any introductory offer period has expired. Management considers net sales to be a better indicator of the rate of premium growth than annualized premium issued. 
 First-year collected premium is defined as the premium collected during the reporting period for all policies in their first policy year. First-year collected premium takes lapses into account in the first year when lapses are more likely to occur, and thus is a useful indicator of how much new premium is expected to be added to premium income in the future. 
 
 See further discussion of the distribution channels below for Life and Health . 

27 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

 LIFE INSURANCE 
 
 Life insurance is the Company's predominant segment. During 2022, life premium represented 70 of total premium and life underwriting margin represented 70 of the total underwriting margin. Additionally, investments supporting the reserves for life products produce the majority of excess investment income attributable to the investment segment. 

The following table presents the summary of results of life insurance. Further discussion of the results by distribution channel is included below. 
 
 Life Insurance 
 Summary of Results 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Amount of 
 Premium 
 Amount of 
 Premium 
 Amount of 
 Premium 
 Premium and policy charges 3,023,296 100 2,898,210 100 2,672,804 100 Policy obligations 2,045,730 68 2,070,485 71 1,809,373 68 Required interest on reserves (771,914) (26) (735,282) (25) (698,112) (26) Net policy obligations 1,273,816 42 1,335,203 46 1,111,261 42 Commissions, premium taxes, and non-deferred acquisition expenses 256,546 9 234,033 8 212,859 8 Amortization of acquisition costs 724,388 24 705,299 24 673,738 25 Total expense 2,254,750 75 2,274,535 78 1,997,858 75 Insurance underwriting margin 
 768,546 25 623,675 22 674,946 25 
 
 The higher life insurance underwriting margins, as well as the higher underwriting margins as a percentage of premium, for the year ended December 31, 2022 are primarily a result of growth in premiums along with a decrease in net policy obligations. Net policy obligations amounted to 42 of premiums for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 46 in the year-ago period, due to approximately 49 million in COVID-19 net life claims incurred during the year as compared to 140 million in 2021. 
 
 28 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

 Life insurance products are marketed through several distribution channels. Premium income by distribution channel for each of the last three years is as follows: 
 
 Life Insurance 
 Premium by Distribution Channel 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Amount of Total Amount of Total Amount of Total American Income 1,505,425 50 1,402,878 48 1,257,726 47 Direct to Consumer 981,517 32 971,461 34 906,959 34 Liberty National 326,642 11 311,081 11 293,897 11 Other 209,712 7 212,790 7 214,222 8 Total 
 3,023,296 100 2,898,210 100 2,672,804 100 
 
 Annualized life premium in force was 3.1 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 4 over 2.9 billion a year earlier. 

The following table shows net sales information for each of the last three years by distribution channel. 
 
 Life Insurance 
 Net Sales by Distribution Channel 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Amount of Total Amount of Total Amount of Total American Income 316,715 59 290,512 56 253,276 52 Direct to Consumer 125,979 24 148,846 28 165,426 34 Liberty National 78,390 15 71,184 14 54,931 12 Other 9,844 2 11,055 2 10,371 2 Total 
 530,928 100 521,597 100 484,004 100 

The table below discloses first-year collected life premium by distribution channel. 
 
 Life Insurance 
 First-Year Collected Premium by Distribution Channel 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Amount of Total Amount of Total Amount of Total American Income 257,584 63 250,937 59 214,566 58 Direct to Consumer 86,854 21 111,761 27 104,262 28 Liberty National 56,085 14 50,336 12 42,435 11 Other 8,988 2 9,705 2 10,190 3 Total 
 409,511 100 422,739 100 371,453 100 
 
 29 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

A discussion of life operations by distribution channel follows. 
 
 The American Income Life Division markets to members of labor unions and continues to diversify its lead sources by building relationships with other affinity groups, utilizing third-party internet vendor leads and obtaining referrals to facilitate sustainable growth. This division is Globe Life's largest contributor of life premium of any distribution channel at 50 of the Company's 2022 total life premium. Net sales increased 9 to 317 million in 2022 over the 2021 total of 291 million. The increase in life net sales is due to increased productivity plus an improvement in issue rates as some challenges in underwriting, such as staffing and speed to obtain medical records and other information resolved, during the year. The underwriting margin, as a percent of premium, was 33 for the year ended December 31, 2022, up from 30 in the prior year. 
 
 This division incurred 16 million in COVID-19 net life claims, representing approximately 1 of premium, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with 36 million in COVID-19 net life claims during the prior year. 
 
 Below is the average producing agent count at the end of the period for the American Income Life Division. The average producing agent count is based on the actual count at the end of each week during the year. Despite the division's ability to recruit both virtually and in-person, retention challenges still exist. Sales growth in this division, as well as within our other exclusive agencies, is generally dependent on growth in the size of the agency force. 
 2022 2021 2020 2022 Change 2021 Change American Income 9,444 9,971 8,738 (527) (5) 1,233 14 
 
 American Income Life continues to focus on growing and strengthening the agency force, specifically through emphasis on agency middle-management growth and additional agency office openings. In addition to offering financial incentives and training opportunities, the agency has made considerable investments in information technology, including launching a customer relationship management (CRM) tool for the agency force. This tool is designed to drive productivity in lead distribution, conservation of business, manager dashboards and new agent recruiting. Additionally, this division has invested in and successfully implemented technology that allows the agency force to engage in virtual recruiting, training, and sales activity. Over the course of the pandemic, the agents have shifted to primarily a virtual experience with the customers and have generated a vast majority of sales through virtual presentations. We find this flexibility to be enticing for new recruits as well as a driver of sustainability for our agency force. 
 
 The Direct to Consumer Division (DTC) offers adult and juvenile life insurance through a variety of marketing approaches, including direct mailings, insert media, and electronic media. In recent years, production from electronic media, which is comprised of sales through both the internet and inbound phone calls to our call center, has grown faster than direct mail response as customer demand increased marketing activity to internet and mobile technology. The proportion of sales from the internet and inbound phone calls had been steadily increasing prior to COVID-19, but accelerated after the start of the pandemic. The different approaches support and complement one another in the division's efforts to reach the consumer. The DTC's long-term growth has been fueled by constant innovation and name recognition. We continually introduce new initiatives in this division in an attempt to increase response rates. 
 
 While the juvenile market is an important source of sales, it is also a vehicle to reach the parents and grandparents of juvenile policyholders, who are more likely to respond favorably to a DTC solicitation for life coverage on themselves in comparison to the general adult population. Also, future offerings to juvenile policyholders and their parents are sources of low acquisition-cost life insurance sales in the future. 
 
 DTC net sales decreased 15 to 126 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with 149 million in the prior year. After experiencing higher than normal life net sales in the prior year, sales in the current year are returning to pre-pandemic levels. The decline is also due in part to the impact of recent record inflation on the cost of our direct mailings and on our customers, who generally have less discretionary income to purchase and retain life insurance. DTC incurred 24 million of COVID-19 net life claims, representing approximately 2 of premium, in 2022 compared with 69 million in 2021. DTC s underwriting margin, as a percent of premium, was 12 for the year 
 30 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

 ended December 31, 2022 and 7 for the same period in 2021, reflecting the lessening impact of COVID-19 on the division's underwriting results. 
 
 The Liberty National Division markets individual life insurance to middle-income household and worksite customers. Recent investments in new sales technologies as well as recent growth in middle management within the agency are expected to help continue this growth. The underwriting margin as a percent of premium was 22 , up from 17 for the year ended 2021. The increase is primarily attributable to lower net policy obligations in relation to premium during the year compared with the same period a year ago. This division incurred 7 million of COVID-19 net life claims, representing approximately 2 of premium, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with 28 million in 2021. Net sales increased 10 in 2022 over 2021. 
 
 Below is the average producing agent count at the end of the period for Liberty National Division. 
 
 2022 2021 2020 2022 Change 2021 Change Liberty National 2,775 2,716 2,575 59 2 141 5 
 
 The Liberty National Division average producing agent count was up slightly compared with the prior year. We continue to execute our long-term plan to grow this agency through expansion from small-town markets in the Southeast to more densely populated areas with larger pools of potential agent recruits and customers. Continued expansion of this agency s presence into more heavily populated, less-penetrated areas will help create long-term agency growth. Additionally, the agency continues to help improve the ability of agents to develop new marketing opportunities. Systems that have been put in place, including the addition of a CRM platform and enhanced analytical capabilities, have also helped the agents develop additional marketing opportunities as well as improve the productivity of agents selling in the individual life market. As the division continues to gain momentum in its sales and recruiting initiatives and advances its technology and CRM platform, the agency anticipates an increase in recruiting of new agents and an increase in the average producing agent count. 
 
 The Other Agencies distribution channels primarily include non-exclusive independent agencies selling predominantly life insurance. The Other Agencies contributed 210 million of life premium income, or 7 of Globe Life's total in 2022, but contrib uted only 2 of net sales for the year. 

HEALTH INSURANCE 
 
 Health insurance sold by the Company primarily includes Medicare Supplement insurance, accident coverage, and other limited-benefit supplemental health products including cancer, critical illness, heart, and intensive care coverage. 
 
 Health premium accounted for 30 of our total premium in 2022, while the health underwriting margin accounted for 29 of total underwriting margin. Health underwriting margin increased 5 to 321 million primarily due to higher premium growth. The Company continues to emphasize life insurance sales relative to health due to life s superior long-term profitability and its greater contribution to excess investment income. 
 31 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

The following table presents underwriting margin data for health insurance. 
 
 Health Insurance 
 Summary of Results 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Amount of 
 Premium 
 Amount of 
 Premium 
 Amount of 
 Premium 
 Premium 1,279,412 100 1,201,676 100 1,141,097 100 Policy obligations 791,809 62 758,745 63 733,481 64 Required interest on reserves (109,789) (9) (102,574) (8) (93,475) (8) Net policy obligations 682,020 53 656,171 55 640,006 56 Commissions, premium taxes, and non-deferred acquisition expenses 117,815 9 97,453 8 91,959 8 Amortization of acquisition costs 158,865 13 143,750 12 136,763 12 Total expense 958,700 75 897,374 75 868,728 76 Insurance underwriting margin 
 320,712 25 304,302 25 272,369 24 
 
 Health premium increased 6 from 1.20 billion in 2021 to 1.28 billion in 2022. Health underwriting margin increased 5 from 304 million in 2021 to 321 million in 2022 primarily due to growth in premiums. Further discussion is included below by distribution channel. 

Globe Life markets supplemental health insurance products through a number of distribution channels. The following table is an analysis of our health premium by distribution channel for each of the last three years. 
 
 Health Insurance 
 Premium by Distribution Channel 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Amount of 
 Total 
 Amount of 
 Total 
 Amount of 
 Total 
 United American 538,428 42 481,614 40 452,980 40 Family Heritage 366,820 29 343,839 29 317,021 28 Liberty National 185,761 14 187,327 16 188,835 16 American Income 117,308 9 114,950 9 105,734 9 Direct to Consumer 71,095 6 73,946 6 76,527 7 Total 
 1,279,412 100 1,201,676 100 1,141,097 100 
 
 Of total health premium of 1.3 billion, premium from limited-benefit plans comprise 701 million, or 55 of the total, for 2022 compared with 639 million in the prior year. Premium from Medicare Supplement products comprises the remaining 45 or 578 million for 2022 compared with 563 million in 2021. 
 
 Annualized health premium in force was 1.33 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 3 over the prior year balance of 1.29 billion. 
 
 32 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

 Presented below is a table of health net sales by distribution channel for the last three years. 
 
 Health Insurance 
 Net Sales by Distribution Channel 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Amount of 
 Total 
 Amount of 
 Total 
 Amount of 
 Total 
 United American 58,601 31 63,551 35 61,690 35 Family Heritage 82,529 43 72,600 39 70,665 40 Liberty National 28,916 15 26,512 14 22,905 13 American Income 17,555 9 18,230 10 18,817 10 Direct to Consumer 3,825 2 3,465 2 3,594 2 Total 
 191,426 100 184,358 100 177,671 100 
 
 Of total net sales of 191 million, sales of limited-benefit plans comprise 137 million, or 71 of the total, for 2022 compared with 118 million in 2021. Medicare Supplement sales make up the remaining 29 , or 54 million for 2022 compared with 66 million in 2021. 

The following table discloses first-year collected health premium by distribution channel. 
 
 Health Insurance 
 First-Year Collected Premium by Distribution Channel 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Amount of 
 Total 
 Amount of 
 Total 
 Amount of 
 Total 
 United American 64,410 39 60,386 37 79,628 45 Family Heritage 60,699 36 57,427 36 54,242 31 Liberty National 22,415 13 20,348 13 20,169 11 American Income 17,294 10 18,939 12 18,536 11 Direct to Consumer 3,115 2 3,253 2 3,051 2 Total 
 167,933 100 160,353 100 175,626 100 
 
 First-year collected premium related to limited-benefit plans comprise 108 million, or 64 of total first-year collected premium for 2022 compared with 99 million in 2021. First-year collected premium from Medicare Supplement policies make up the remaining 36 , or 60 million for 2022 compared with 61 million in 2021. 

A discussion of health operations by distribution channel follows. 
 
 The United American Independent Agency consists of non-exclusive independent agencies who may also sell for other companies. The United American Independent Agency was Globe Life's largest health agency in terms of health premium income. 
 This division is also Globe Life's largest producer of Medicare Supplement insurance, responsible for 83 of the Company's Medicare Supplement premium and 93 of Medicare Supplement net sales. Medicare Supplement premium in this agency rose 5 to 482 million in 2022 over the prior period premium of 460 million. Medicare Supplement net sales declined 19 to 51 million in 2022 from the prior year. The Medicare Supplement market is highly competitive and thus sales will fluctuate over the years. Underwriting margin as a percent of premium was flat at 15 for 2022 compared with 2021. 
 
 33 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

 The Family Heritage Division primarily markets limited-benefit supplemental health insurance in non-urban areas. Most of its policies include a cash-back feature, such as a return of premium, where any excess of premiums over claims paid is returned to the policyholder at the end of a specified period stated within the insurance policy. Underwriting margin as a percent of premium in 2022 was 27 , the same as in 2021. 
 
 The division experienced a 14 increase in health net sales in 2022 as compared with the 2021, primarily due to an increase in recruiting, agent productivity and training. The division will continue to implement incentive programs to help drive an increase in productivity and the number of producing agents. 
 
 Below is the average producing agent count at the end of the indicated periods for the Family Heritage Division. While the agency was relatively flat in agent count as compared with 2021, we anticipate that as COVID-19 and the job market stabilize, agent recruitment opportunities will continue to trend upward. 
 2022 2021 2020 2022 Change 2021 Change Average producing agents 1,210 1,213 1,325 (3) (112) (8) 

The Liberty National Division represented 14 of all Globe Life health premium income at 186 million in 2022. Liberty National markets limited-benefit supplemental health products consisting primarily of critical illness insurance. Much of Liberty National s health business is generated through worksite marketing targeting small businesses. In 2022, health premium income declined 1 . Liberty National's first-year collected premium increased 10 to 22 million in 2022 compared with 20 million in 2021. Health net sales for 2022 increased by 2 million or 9 from 2021. We anticipate an increase in health net sales going forward at this division as the Company becomes more able to interact face-to-face with customers. 
 
 Other distribution. While some of the Company's other distribution channels market health products, selling life insurance is the main emphasis. On a combined basis, they accounted for 15 of health premium in 2022 and 15 in 2021. The American Income Life Division primarily markets accident plans. The Direct to Consumer Division markets primarily Medicare Supplements to employer or union-sponsored groups, adding 4 million of Medicare Supplement net sales in 2022 and 3 million in 2021. 

ANNUITIES 
 
 Our fixed annuity balances at the end of 2022 and 2021 were 953.3 million and 1.0 billion, respectively. Underwriting margin was 8.2 million for 2022 and 8.7 million for 2021. 
 
 We do not currently market stand-alone fixed or deferred annuity products, favoring instead protection-oriented life and supplemental health insurance products. Therefore, we do not expect that annuities will be a significant portion of our business or marketing strategy going forward. 
 
 34 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

 INVESTMENTS 
 
 We manage our capital resources including investments, debt, and cash flow through the investment segment. Excess investment income represents the profit margin attributable to investment operations and is the measure that we use to evaluate the performance of the investment segment as described in Note 14 Business Segments . It is defined as net investment income less both the required interest on net insurance policy liabilities and the interest cost associated with capital funding or financing costs. 
 
 Management also views excess investment income per diluted common share as an important and useful measure to evaluate the performance of the investment segment. It is defined as excess investment income divided by the total diluted weighted average shares outstanding, representing the contribution by the investment segment to the consolidated earnings per share of the Company. Since implementing our share repurchase program in 1986, we have used 9.0 billion of excess cash flow at the Parent Company to repurchase Globe Life Inc. common shares after determining that the repurchases provided a greater risk adjusted after-tax return than other investment alternatives. If we had not used this excess cash to repurchase shares, but had instead invested it in interest-bearing assets, we would have earned more investment income and had more shares outstanding. As excess investment income per diluted common share incorporates all capital resources, we view excess investment income per diluted common share as a useful measure to evaluate the investment segment. 

Excess Investment Income . The following table summarizes Globe Life's investment income, excess investment income, and excess investment income per diluted common share. 
 
 Analysis of Excess Investment Income 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Net investment income 987,499 952,447 927,062 Interest on net insurance policy liabilities: Required interest on reserves (1) 
 (919,864) (877,822) (833,000) Required interest on deferred acquisition costs 260,843 247,389 237,066 Net required interest (659,021) (630,433) (595,934) Financing costs (90,395) (83,486) (86,704) Excess investment income 
 238,083 238,528 244,424 Excess investment income per diluted common share 
 2.41 2.31 2.28 Mean invested assets (at amortized cost) 19,714,027 18,939,317 17,987,502 Average net insurance policy liabilities (2) 
 11,377,104 10,954,500 10,460,539 Average debt and preferred securities (at amortized cost) 2,127,305 2,053,935 1,859,298 
 (1) Includes 71 thousand of required interest on Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) funding agreements in 2022. 
 (2) Net of deferred acquisition costs, excluding the associated unrealized gains and losses thereon. 
 
 Excess investment income declined slightly in 2022 when compared with 2021. Excess investment income per diluted common share increased 4 during 2022 when compared with 2021. Excess investment income per diluted common share generally increases at a faster pace than excess investment income because the number of diluted shares outstanding generally decreases from year to year as a result of our share repurchase program. 
 
 35 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

 Net investment income increased at a compound annual growth rate of 3 over the 3 years ending 2022 while mean invested assets increased at a compound rate of 5 during the same period. The tax equivalent effective annual yield rate earned on the fixed maturity portfolio was 5.16 in 2022. Generally, investment income grows at a slower rate than the assets when the yield on new investments is lower than the yield on dispositions or the average portfolio yield. It also increases at a faster rate than the assets when new investment yields exceed the yield on dispositions or the average portfolio yield. We currently expect that the average annual turnover rate of fixed maturity assets will be less than 2 over the next five years and will not have a material negative impact on net investment income. In addition to fixed maturities, the Company has also invested in limited partnerships with debt like characteristics that diversify risk and enhance risk-adjusted, capital-adjusted returns on the portfolio. The earned yield on the investment funds for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 5.65 . See additional information in Note 4 Investments . The following chart presents the growth in net investment income and the growth in mean invested assets. 
 2022 2021 2020 Growth in net investment income 3.7 2.7 1.8 Growth in mean invested assets (at amortized cost) 4.1 5.3 5.6 
 
 Globe Life's net investment income benefits from higher interest rates on new investments. While increasing interest rates have resulted in a net unrealized loss on the fixed maturities portfolio as of December 31, 2022, we are not concerned because we do not generally intend to sell, nor is it likely that we will be required to sell, the fixed maturities prior to their anticipated recovery. 

Required interest on net insurance policy liabilities reduces net investment income, as it is the amount of net investment income considered by management necessary to fund required interest on net insurance policy liabilities, which is the net of the benefit reserve liability and the deferred acquisition cost asset. As such, it is removed from the investment segment and applied to the insurance segments to offset the effect of the required interest from the insurance segments. As discussed in Note 14 Business Segments , management regards this as a more meaningful analysis of the investment and insurance segments. Required interest is based on the actuarial interest assumptions used in discounting the benefit reserve liability and the amortization of deferred acquisition costs for our insurance policies in force. 
 
 The great majority of our life and health insurance policies are fixed interest rate protection policies, not investment products, and are accounted for under current GAAP accounting guidance for long-duration insurance products which mandate that interest rate assumptions for a particular block of business be locked in for the life of that block of business. Each calendar year, we set the discount rate to be used to calculate the benefit reserve liability and the amortization of the deferred acquisition cost asset for all insurance policies issued that year. That rate is based on the new money yields that we expect to earn on cash flow received in the future from policies of that issue year and cannot be changed. The discount rate used for policies issued in the current year has no impact on the in force policies issued in prior years as the rates of all prior issue years are also locked in. As such, the overall discount rate for the entire in force block of 5.8 is a weighted average of the discount rates being used from all issue years. Changes in the overall weighted-average discount rate over time are caused by changes in the mix of the reserves and the deferred acquisition cost asset by issue year on the entire block of in force business. Business issued in the current year has little impact on the overall weighted-average discount rate due to the size of our in force business. In 2023, new guidance will become effective that will significantly impact the accounting for our long duration contracts including the determination of required interest. Please see Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies for additional information. 
 
 Since actuarial discount rates are locked in for life on essentially all of our business, benefit reserves and deferred acquisition costs are not affected by interest rate fluctuations unless a loss recognition event occurs. Due to the strength and consistency of our underwriting margins, we do not expect an extended low interest rate environment will cause a loss recognition event. 
 
 36 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

 Information about interest on net policy liabilities is shown in the following table. 
 
 Required Interest on Net Insurance Policy Liabilities 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) Required 
 Interest 
 Average Net 
 Insurance 
 Policy Liabilities 
 Average 
 Discount 
 Rate 
 2022 Life and Health 614,361 10,373,972 5.9 Annuity 44,589 1,000,440 4.5 FHLB Funding Agreement 71 2,692 2.6 Total 659,021 11,377,104 5.8 Increase in 2022 4.5 3.9 2021 Life and Health 583,996 9,912,914 5.9 Annuity 46,437 1,041,586 4.5 Total 630,433 10,954,500 5.8 Increase in 2021 5.8 4.7 2020 Life and Health 548,066 9,391,680 5.8 Annuity 47,868 1,068,859 4.5 Total 595,934 10,460,539 5.7 Increase in 2020 4.8 3.9 

37 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

 Financing costs for the investment segment consist primarily of interest on our various debt instruments. The table below presents the components of financing costs and reconciles interest expense per the Consolidated Statements of Operations . 

Analysis of Financing Costs 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Interest on funded debt 80,481 78,183 73,157 Interest on term loan 4,193 Interest on short-term debt 9,875 5,270 9,302 Other 39 33 52 Financing costs 
 90,395 83,486 86,704 
 
 In 2022, financing costs increased 8 compared with prior year primarily due to rates on the short-term debt. In addition, interest on funded debt was higher in 2022 than the prior year as a result of the 4.80 Senior Notes issued in May 2022, prior the repayment of the 3.80 Senior Notes on September 15, 2022. More information on our debt transactions is disclosed in the Financial Condition section of this report and in Note 11 Debt . 

Realized Gains and Losses. Our life and health insurance companies collect premium income from policyholders for the eventual payment of policyholder benefits, sometimes paid many years or even decades in the future. Since benefits are expected to be paid in future periods, premium receipts in excess of current expenses are invested to provide for these obligations. For this reason, we hold a significant investment portfolio as a part of our core insurance operations. This portfolio consists primarily of high-quality fixed maturities containing an adequate yield to provide for the cost of carrying these long-term insurance product obligations. As a result, fixed maturities are generally held for long periods to support the liabilities. Expected yields on these investments are taken into account when setting insurance premium rates and product profitability expectations. 
 
 Despite our intent to hold fixed maturity investments for a long period of time, investments are occasionally sold, exchanged, called, or experience a credit loss event, resulting in a realized gain or loss. Gains or losses are only secondary to our core insurance operations of providing insurance coverage to policyholders. In a bond exchange offer, bondholders may consent to exchange their existing bonds for another class of debt securities. The Company also has investments in certain limited partnerships, held under the fair value option, with fair value changes recognized in Realized gains (losses) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations . 
 
 Realized gains and losses can be significant in relation to the earnings from core insurance operations, and as a result, can have a material positive or negative impact on net income. The significant fluctuations caused by gains and losses can cause period-to-period trends of net income that are not indicative of historical core operating results or predictive of the future trends of core operations. Accordingly, they have no bearing on core insurance operations or segment results as we view operations. For these reasons, and in line with industry practice, we remove the effects of realized gains and losses when evaluating overall insurance operating results. 
 
 38 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

 The following table summarizes our tax-effected realized gains (losses) by component for each of the three years ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Analysis of Realized Gains (Losses), Net of Tax 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except for per share data) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Amount Per 
 Share 
 Amount Per Share Amount Per Share Fixed maturities: Sales (44,792) (0.45) (8,100) (0.08) (28,844) (0.27) Matured or other redemptions (1) 
 19,076 0.19 35,684 0.34 11,712 0.11 Provision for credit losses 306 2,337 0.02 (2,643) (0.03) Fair value option change in fair value (23,189) (0.23) 18,105 0.18 826 0.01 Other (2) 
 (11,874) (0.12) 6,194 0.06 17,034 0.16 Total Realized investment gains (losses) investments 
 (60,473) (0.61) 54,220 0.52 (1,915) (0.02) Loss on redemption of debt (7,358) (0.07) (501) Total realized gains (losses) 
 (60,473) (0.61) 46,862 0.45 (2,416) (0.02) 
 (1) During the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recorded 147.6 million, 109.2 million, and 219.8 million of exchanges of fixed maturity securities (noncash transactions) that resulted in 1.5 million, 19.9 million, and 6.2 million, respectively, in realized gains (losses), net of tax. 
 (2) Other realized gains (losses) are primarily a result of changes in the fair value of exchange traded funds. 
 
 As investment yields increased in 2022, the Company disposed of certain fixed maturity investments to improve the risk-adjusted, capital-adjusted returns on the portfolio. While we realized losses, we were able to enhance the yield, credit quality and diversification of the portfolio. 

Investment Acquisitions . Globe Life's investment policy calls for investing primarily in investment grade fixed maturities that meet our quality and yield objectives. We generally invest in securities with longer maturities because they more closely match the long-term nature of our policy liabilities. We believe this strategy is appropriate since our expected future cash flows are generally stable and predictable and the likelihood that we will need to sell invested assets to raise cash is low. 

The following table summarizes selected information for fixed maturity investments. The effective annual yield shown is based on the acquisition price and call features, if any, of the securities. For non-callable bonds, the yield is calculated to maturity date. For callable bonds acquired at a premium, the yield is calculated to the earliest known 
 39 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

 call date and call price after acquisition ("first call date"). For all other callable bonds, the yield is calculated to maturity date. 
 
 Fixed Maturity Acquisitions Selected Information 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cost of acquisitions (1) : 
 Investment-grade corporate securities 812,697 566,400 686,844 Investment-grade municipal securities 599,946 434,482 543,088 Other investment-grade securities 7,577 10,465 34,171 Total fixed maturity acquisitions 
 1,420,220 1,011,347 1,264,103 Effective annual yield (one year compounded) (2) 
 5.18 3.39 3.73 Average life (in years to next call) 13.5 21.7 15.8 Average life (in years to maturity) 22.8 31.7 26.3 Average rating A A+ A 
 (1) Fixed maturity acquisitions included unsettled trades of 0 in 2022, 7 million in 2021 and 2 million in 2020. 
 (2) Tax-equivalent basis, where the yield on tax-exempt securities is adjusted to produce a yield equivalent to the pretax yield on taxable securities. 
 
 For investments in callable bonds, the actual life of the investment will depend on whether the issuer calls the investment prior to the maturity date. Given our investments in callable bonds, the actual average life of our investments cannot be known at the time of the investment. Absent sales and "make-whole calls," however, the average life will not be less than the average life to next call and will not exceed the average life to maturity. Data for both of these average life measures is provided in the above chart. 
 
 During 2021 and 2022, acquisitions consisted of securities spanning a diversified range of issuers, industry sectors, and geographical regions. All of the acquired securities were investment grade. In addition to the fixed maturity acquisitions, Globe Life invested 290 million in other long-term investments in 2022 and 258 million in 2021. These investments include primarily investment funds. See Note 4 Investments for further discussion. 
 
 New cash flow available for investment has been primarily provided through our insurance operations, cash received on existing investments, and proceeds from dispositions. While dispositions increase funds available for investment, as noted earlier in this discussion, they can also have a negative impact on investment income if the proceeds from the dispositions are reinvested at lower yields than the bonds that were disposed. Dispositions were 852 million in 2022 and 428 million in 2021. 
 
 Since fixed maturities represent such a significant portion of our investment portfolio, the remainder of the discussion of portfolio composition will focus on fixed maturities. See a breakdown of the Company's other investments in Other Investment Information within Note 4 Investments . 
 
 40 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

 Selected information concerning the fixed maturity portfolio is as follows: 
 
 Fixed Maturity Portfolio Selected Information At December 31, 2022 2021 Average annual effective yield (1) 
 5.19 5.17 Average life, in years, to: Next call (2) 
 14.7 15.7 Maturity (2) 
 18.5 19.0 Effective duration to: Next call (2,3) 
 8.8 10.6 Maturity (2,3) 
 10.4 12.2 
 (1) Tax-equivalent basis. The yield on tax-exempt securities is adjusted to produce a yield equivalent to the pretax yield on taxable securities. 
 (2) Globe Life calculates the average life and duration of the fixed maturity portfolio two ways: 
 (a) based on the next call date which is the next call date for callable bonds and the maturity date for noncallable bonds, and 
 (b) based on the maturity date of all bonds, whether callable or not. 
 (3) Effective duration is a measure of the price sensitivity of a fixed-income security to a particular change in interest rates. 
 
 41 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

 Credit Risk Sensitivity . The following tables summarize certain information about the major corporate sectors and security types held in our fixed maturity portfolio at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Fixed Maturities by Sector 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) Below Investment Grade Total Fixed Maturities of Total Fixed Maturities Amortized Cost, net Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Amortized Cost, net Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value At Amortized Cost, net At Fair Value Corporates: Financial Insurance - life, health, P C 107,355 22 (13,966) 93,411 2,375,633 44,578 (216,938) 2,203,273 13 13 Banks 26,944 84 (192) 26,836 1,336,868 14,035 (100,038) 1,250,865 7 8 Other financial 74,963 1 (22,026) 52,938 1,195,293 4,513 (187,513) 1,012,293 7 6 Total financial 209,262 107 (36,184) 173,185 4,907,794 63,126 (504,489) 4,466,431 27 27 Industrial Energy 44,723 (10,168) 34,555 1,436,598 22,637 (101,923) 1,357,312 8 8 Basic materials 1,090,309 14,913 (95,958) 1,009,264 6 6 Consumer, non-cyclical 2,146,003 20,427 (232,196) 1,934,234 12 12 Other industrials 25,461 (522) 24,939 1,212,674 19,107 (121,540) 1,110,241 6 7 Communications 28,499 (2,253) 26,246 857,375 7,779 (110,132) 755,022 5 5 Transportation 520,029 11,684 (34,269) 497,444 3 3 Consumer. cyclical 149,465 (27,822) 121,643 592,657 4,903 (85,005) 512,555 3 3 Technology 247,996 90 (59,672) 188,414 1 1 Total industrial 248,148 (40,765) 207,383 8,103,641 101,540 (840,695) 7,364,486 44 45 Utilities 35,496 433 (3,173) 32,756 1,924,190 36,670 (125,713) 1,835,147 11 11 Total corporates 
 492,906 540 (80,122) 413,324 14,935,625 201,336 (1,470,897) 13,666,064 82 83 States, municipalities, and political divisions: General obligations 915,725 5,041 (167,393) 753,373 5 5 Revenues 1,875,305 19,287 (338,054) 1,556,538 10 9 Total states, municipalities, and political divisions 2,791,030 24,328 (505,447) 2,309,911 15 14 Other fixed maturities: Government (U.S. and foreign) 449,603 33 (51,674) 397,962 2 2 Collateralized debt obligations 37,098 13,266 50,364 37,098 13,266 50,364 Other asset-backed securities 12,493 (1,618) 10,875 88,336 4 (9,276) 79,064 1 1 Total fixed maturities 
 542,497 13,806 (81,740) 474,563 18,301,692 238,967 (2,037,294) 16,503,365 100 100 

42 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

 Fixed Maturities by Sector 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) Below Investment Grade Total Fixed Maturities of Total Fixed Maturities Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value At Amortized Cost, net At Fair Value Corporates: Financial Insurance - life, health, P C 57,470 3,825 (4,807) 56,488 2,345,116 513,844 (5,553) 2,853,407 13 13 Banks 26,980 614 27,594 983,317 207,466 (1,635) 1,189,148 6 6 Other financial 97,800 547 (1,103) 97,244 1,240,340 186,431 (2,161) 1,424,610 7 7 Total financial 182,250 4,986 (5,910) 181,326 4,568,773 907,741 (9,349) 5,467,165 26 26 Industrial Energy 118,538 15,941 (1,445) 133,034 1,587,892 346,780 (1,683) 1,932,989 9 9 Basic materials 1,145,222 279,175 (50) 1,424,347 6 7 Consumer, non-cyclical 84,106 13,059 (2,697) 94,468 2,256,802 475,012 (3,397) 2,728,417 13 13 Other industrials 25,565 3,182 28,747 1,254,243 286,889 (589) 1,540,543 7 7 Communications 28,699 3,002 31,701 876,058 153,295 (3,610) 1,025,742 5 5 Transportation 25,555 5,588 31,143 559,399 135,581 (38) 694,942 3 3 Consumer. cyclical 150,624 18,805 (3,429) 166,000 575,597 106,438 (3,594) 678,441 3 3 Technology 212,138 18,074 (2,084) 228,129 1 1 Total industrial 433,087 59,577 (7,571) 485,093 8,467,351 1,801,244 (15,045) 10,253,550 47 48 Utilities 36,284 3,888 40,172 1,931,391 490,119 (1,012) 2,420,498 11 11 Total corporates 651,621 68,451 (13,481) 706,591 14,967,515 3,199,104 (25,406) 18,141,213 84 85 States, municipalities, and political divisions: General obligations 736,853 56,163 (2,060) 790,956 4 4 Revenues 1,516,144 182,972 (847) 1,698,269 9 8 Total states, municipalities, and political divisions 2,252,997 239,135 (2,907) 2,489,225 13 12 Other fixed maturities: Government (U.S., municipal, and foreign) 442,944 65,413 (5,296) 503,061 2 2 Collateralized debt obligations 36,468 27,037 63,505 36,468 27,037 63,505 Other asset-backed securities 13,457 (414) 13,043 104,998 3,715 (430) 108,283 1 1 Total fixed maturities 701,546 95,488 (13,895) 783,139 17,804,922 3,534,404 (34,039) 21,305,287 100 100 

43 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

 Corporate securities, which consist of bonds and redeemable preferred stocks, were the largest component of the December 31, 2022 fixed maturity portfolio, representing 82 of amortized cost, net and 83 of fair value. The remainder of the portfolio is invested primarily in securities issued by the U.S. government and U.S. municipalities. The Company holds insignificant amounts in foreign government bonds, collateralized debt obligations, asset-backed securities, and mortgage-backed securities. Corporate securities are diversified over a variety of industry sectors and issuers. At December 31, 2022, the total fixed maturity portfolio consisted of 979 issuers. 
 
 Fixed maturities had a fair value of 16.5 billion at December 31, 2022, compared with 21.3 billion at December 31, 2021. The net unrealized gain (loss) position in the fixed-maturity portfolio decreased from a 3.5 billion gain position at December 31, 2021 to a loss position of 1.8 billion at December 31, 2022 due to an increase in market rates during the period. 
 
 For more information about our fixed maturity portfolio by component at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, including a discussion of allowance for credit losses, an analysis of unrealized investment losses and a schedule of maturities, see Note 4 Investments . 

An analysis of the fixed maturity portfolio by a composite quality rating at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, is shown in the following tables. The composite rating for each security, other than private-placement securities managed by third parties, is the average of the security s ratings as assigned by Moody s Investor Service, Standard Poor s, Fitch Ratings, and Dominion Bond Rating Service, LTD. The ratings assigned by these four nationally recognized statistical rating organizations are evenly weighted when calculating the average. The composite quality rating is created utilizing a methodology developed by Globe Life using ratings from the various rating agencies noted above. The composite quality rating is not a Standard Poor's credit rating. Standard Poor's does not sponsor, endorse, or promote the composite quality rating and shall not be liable for any use of the composite quality rating. Included in the following chart are private placement fixed maturity holdings of 466 million at amortized cost, net of allowance for credit losses 425 million at fair value) for which the ratings were assigned by the third-party managers. 
 
 Fixed Maturities by Rating 
 At December 31, 2022 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) Amortized Cost, net of Total Fair Value of Total Average Composite Quality Rating on Amortized Cost, net Investment grade: AAA 828,315 5 733,524 4 AA 2,779,587 15 2,260,257 14 A 4,752,633 26 4,438,913 27 BBB+ 3,934,053 21 3,639,118 22 BBB 4,254,730 23 3,844,182 23 BBB- 1,209,877 7 1,112,808 7 Total investment grade 
 17,759,195 97 16,028,802 97 A- Below investment grade: BB 462,356 3 389,132 3 B 43,044 35,067 Below B 37,097 50,364 Total below investment grade 
 542,497 3 474,563 3 BB- 18,301,692 100 16,503,365 100 Weighted average composite quality rating 
 A- 
 
 44 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

Fixed Maturities by Rating 
 At December 31, 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) Amortized 
 Cost 
 of Total Fair 
 Value 
 of Total Average Composite Quality Rating on Amortized Cost Investment grade: AAA 761,526 4 867,728 4 AA 2,215,179 13 2,412,947 11 A 4,487,607 25 5,584,588 26 BBB+ 3,779,051 21 4,616,977 22 BBB 4,289,044 24 5,174,667 24 BBB- 1,570,969 9 1,865,241 9 Total investment grade 
 17,103,376 96 20,522,148 96 A- Below investment grade: BB 537,064 3 583,608 3 B 128,402 1 136,026 1 Below B 36,080 63,505 Total below investment grade 
 701,546 4 783,139 4 BB- 17,804,922 100 21,305,287 100 Weighted average composite quality rating 
 A- 
 
 The overall quality rating of the portfolio is A-, the same as year-end 2021. Fixed maturities rated BBB are 51 of the total portfolio at December 31, 2022 compared with 54 at year-end 2021, and the percentage of BBB bonds to the overall portfolio has been declining since the end of 2018. While this ratio is high relative to our peers, we have limited exposure to higher-risk assets such as derivatives, equities, and asset-backed securities. Additionally, the Company does not participate in securities lending and has no off-balance sheet investments as of December 31, 2022. Of our fixed maturity purchases, BBB securities generally provide the Company with the best risk-adjusted, capital-adjusted returns largely due to our ability to hold securities to maturity regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. 

An analysis of changes in our portfolio of below-investment grade fixed maturities at amortized cost, net of allowance for credit losses is as follows: 
 
 Below-Investment Grade Fixed Maturities 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Balance at beginning of period 
 701,546 840,739 Downgrades by rating agencies 50,147 Upgrades by rating agencies (97,462) (67,078) Dispositions (116,791) (78,712) Provision for credit losses (31) 2,959 Amortization and other 5,088 3,638 Balance at end of period 
 542,497 701,546 
 
 45 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

 Our investment policy calls for investing primarily in fixed maturities that are investment grade and meet our quality and yield objectives. Thus, any increases in below-investment grade issues are typically a result of ratings downgrades of existing holdings. Below-investment grade bonds at amortized cost, net of allowance for credit losses, were 9 of our shareholders equity, excluding the effect of unrealized gains or losses on fixed maturities as of December 31, 2022. Globe Life invests long term and as such, one of our key criterion in our investment process is to select issuers that have the ability to weather multiple financial cycles. 

Market Risk Sensitivity. Globe Life's investment securities are exposed to interest rate risk, meaning the effect of changes in financial market interest rates on the current fair value of the Company s investment portfolio. Since 91 of the carrying value of our investments is attributable to fixed maturity investments and these investments are predominately fixed-rate investments, the portfolio is highly subject to market risk. Declines in market interest rates generally result in the fair value of the investment portfolio rising, and increases in interest rates cause the fair value to decline. Under normal market conditions, we are not concerned about unrealized losses that are interest rate driven since we would not expect to realize them. Globe Life does not generally intend to sell the securities prior to maturity and, likely, will not be required to sell the securities prior to recovery of amortized cost. The long-term nature of our insurance policy liabilities and strong operating cash-flow substantially mitigate any future need to liquidate portions of the portfolio. The increase or decrease in the fair value of insurance liabilities and debt due to increases or decreases in market interest rates largely offsets the impact of rates on the investment portfolio. However, as is permitted by GAAP, these liabilities are not recorded at fair value. 
 
 The following table illustrates the interest rate risk sensitivity of our fixed maturity portfolio at December 31, 2022 and 2021. This table measures the effect of a parallel shift in interest rates (as represented by the U.S. Treasury curve) on the fair value of the fixed maturity portfolio. The data measures the change in fair value arising from an immediate and sustained change in interest rates in increments of 100 basis points. 
 
 Market Value of Fixed Maturity Portfolio 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 At December 31, Change in Interest Rates (1) 
 2022 2021 (200) 20,059,000 26,939,000 (100) 18,177,000 23,916,000 0 16,503,000 21,305,000 100 15,015,000 19,045,000 200 13,690,000 17,082,000 
 (1) In basis points. 
 
 46 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

OPERATING EXPENSES 
 
 Operating expenses are included in the "Corporate and Other" segment and are classified into two categories: insurance administrative expenses and expenses of the Parent Company. Insurance administrative expenses generally include expenses incurred after a policy has been issued. As these expenses relate to premium for a given period, management measures the expenses as a percentage of premium income. The Company also views stock-based compensation expense as a Parent Company expense. Expenses associated with the issuance of our insurance policies are reflected as acquisition expenses and included in the determination of underwriting margin. 

The following table is an analysis of operating expenses for the three years ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Operating Expenses Selected Information 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Amount of Premium Amount of Premium Amount of Premium Insurance administrative expenses: Salaries 129,711 3.0 115,852 2.8 105,935 2.8 Other employee costs 42,319 1.0 41,841 1.0 39,885 1.0 Information technology costs 55,526 1.3 47,923 1.2 45,742 1.2 Legal costs 12,056 0.3 15,494 0.4 11,256 0.3 Other administrative costs 59,729 1.4 50,521 1.2 48,129 1.3 Total insurance administrative expenses 299,341 7.0 271,631 6.6 250,947 6.6 Parent company expense 11,156 9,553 9,891 Stock compensation expense 35,650 30,272 35,892 Legal proceedings 2,496 8,139 3,275 Non-operating expenses 5,311 2,434 1,033 Total operating expenses, per Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 353,954 322,029 301,038 2022 2021 2020 Amount Amount Amount Total insurance administrative expenses increase (decrease) over prior year 27,710 10.2 20,684 8.2 10,626 4.4 Total operating expenses increase (decrease) over prior year 31,925 9.9 20,991 7.0 (3,787) (1.2) 

Total operating expenses 2022 increased 10 over the prior year reflecting higher insurance administrative expenses. Insurance administrative expenses increased 28 million primarily due to higher information technology costs, including associated information technology salaries, higher employee costs in general, and higher administrative costs associated with the acquisition of Globe Life Benefits, which occurred in late 2021. Insurance administrative expenses as a percent of premium were 7.0 , compared to 6.6 for the same period in 2021. 
 
 47 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

SHARE REPURCHASES 
 
 Globe Life has an ongoing share repurchase program that began in 1986, and is reviewed with the Board of Directors by management quarterly and annually reaffirmed by the Board of Directors. With no specified authorization amount, we determine the amount of repurchases based on the amount of the excess cash flows after the payment of dividends to the Parent Company shareholders, general market conditions, and other alternative uses. Excess cash flow at the Parent Company is primarily comprised of dividends received from the insurance subsidiaries less interest expense paid on its debt and other limited operating activities. The majority of our share repurchases are made from excess cash flow after the payment of shareholder dividends. Additionally, when stock options are exercised, proceeds from these exercises and the resulting tax benefit are used to repurchase additional shares on the open market to minimize dilution as a result of the option exercises. On August 10, 2022, the Board of Directors reauthorized the Parent Company s share repurchase program in amounts and with timing that management, in consultation with the Board, determines to be in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders. 

The following table summarizes share purchase activity for each of the last three years. 
 
 Analysis of Share Purchases 
 (Amounts in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Purchases with: Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Share repurchase program 3,322 335,145 4,784 455,030 4,459 380,112 Option proceeds 1,103 119,493 858 86,405 676 63,754 Total 4,425 454,638 5,642 541,435 5,135 443,866 
 
 Throughout the remainder of this discussion, share purchases refer only to those made from excess cash flow at the Parent Company. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 
 Liquidity. Liquidity provides Globe Life with the ability to meet on demand the cash commitments required to support our business operations and meet our financial obligations. Our liquidity is primarily derived from multiple sources: positive cash flow from operations, a portfolio of marketable securities, a revolving credit facility, commercial paper and the Federal Home Loan Bank. 
 
 Insurance Subsidiary Liquidity . The operations of our insurance subsidiaries have historically generated substantial cash inflows in excess of immediate cash needs. Cash inflows for the insurance subsidiaries primarily include premium and investment income. In addition to investment income, maturities and scheduled repayments in the investment portfolio are cash inflows. Cash outflows from operations include policy benefit payments, commissions, administrative expenses, and taxes. A portion of the excess cash inflows in the current year will provide for the payment of future policy benefits and are invested primarily in long-term fixed maturities as they better match the long-term nature of these obligations. Excess cash available from the insurance subsidiaries operations is generally distributed as a dividend to the Parent Company, subject to regulatory restrictions. The dividends are generally paid in amounts equal to the subsidiaries prior year statutory net income excluding realized capital gains. While the leading source of the excess cash is investment income, a significant portion of the excess cash also comes from underwriting income due to our high underwriting margins and effective expense control. While the insurance subsidiaries annually generate more operating cash inflows than cash outflows, the companies also have the entire available-for-sale fixed maturity investment portfolio available to create additional cash flows if required. 
 
 Four of our insurance subsidiaries are members of the FHLB of Dallas. FHLB membership provides the insurance subsidiaries with access to various low-cost collateralized borrowings and funding agreements. While not the only source of liquidity, the FHLB could provide the insurance subsidiaries with an additional source of liquidity, if needed. Refer to Note 11 Debt for further details. 
 48 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

Parent Company Liquidity. An important source of Parent Company liquidity is the dividends from its insurance subsidiaries. These dividends are received throughout the year and are used by the Parent Company to pay dividends on common and preferred stock, interest and principal repayment requirements on Parent Company debt, and operating expenses of the Parent Company. 
 Year Ended December 31, (Amounts in Thousands) Projected 2023 2022 2021 2020 Liquidity Sources: Dividends from Subsidiaries 465,000 407,042 478,535 485,871 Excess Cash Flows 345,000 278,434 370,120 387,606 
 
 For more information on the restrictions on the payment of dividends by subsidiaries, see the Restrictions section of Note 12 Shareholders' Equity . Although these restrictions exist, dividend availability from subsidiaries historically has been more than sufficient for the cash flow needs of the Parent Company. 
 
 Additional sources of liquidity for the Parent Company are cash, intercompany receivables, intercompany borrowings, public debt markets, term loans, and a revolving credit facility. At December 31, 2022, the Parent Company had access to 91 million of invested cash, net intercompany receivables, and other liquid assets. The credit facility is discussed below. 

Short-Term Borrowings. An additional source of Parent Company liquidity is a revolving credit facility with a group of lenders which allows unsecured borrowings and stand-by letters of credit up to 750 million, which could be extended up to 1 billion. While Globe Life can request the extension, it is not guaranteed. Up to 250 million in letters of credit can be issued against the facility. The facility is further designated as a back-up line of credit for a commercial paper program under which commercial paper may be issued at any time, with total commercial paper outstanding not to exceed the facility maximum less any letters of credit issued. As of December 31, 2022, we had available 340 million of additional borrowing capacity under this facility, compared with 295 million a year earlier. Interest charged on the commercial paper program resembles variable rate debt due to its short term nature. Globe Life has consistently been able to issue commercial paper as needed during the three years ended December 31, 2022. As discussed in Note 11 Debt , on September 30, 2021, Globe Life amended the credit agreement dated August 24, 2020. The five-year credit agreement will now mature on September 30, 2026. As of December 31, 2022, the Parent Company was in full compliance with all covenants related to the aforementioned debt. 
 
 As a part of the credit facility, Globe Life has stand-by letters of credits. These letters are issued among our subsidiaries, one of which is an offshore captive reinsurer, and have no impact on company obligations as a whole. Any future regulatory changes that restrict the use of off-shore captive reinsurers might require Globe Life to obtain third-party financing, which could cause an insignificant increase in financing costs. On October 26, 2021, the letters of credit were amended to reduce the amount outstanding from 135 million to 125 million. The outstanding letters of credit remained at 125 million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Parent Company expects to have readily available funds for 2023 and the foreseeable future to conduct its operations and to maintain target capital ratios in the insurance subsidiaries through internally generated cash flow and the credit facility. In the unlikely event that more liquidity is needed, the Company could generate additional funds through multiple sources including, but not limited to, the issuance of debt, an additional short-term credit facility, and intercompany borrowing. Refer to Note 6 Commitments and Contingencies and the discussion surrounding the Company's obligations over the next five years. 
 
 As noted above, the Parent Company had access to 91 million of liquid assets available as of December 31, 2022. This liquidity is available to the Company in the event additional funds are needed to support the targeted capital levels within our insurance subsidiaries. 

Consolidated Liquidity. Consolidated net cash inflows provided from operations were 1.42 billion in 2022, compared with 1.44 billion in 2021. In addition to cash inflows from operations, our companies received proceeds 
 49 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

 from maturities, calls, and repayments of fixed maturities in the amount of 462 million in 2022, compared with 311 million in 2021. As noted under the caption Credit Facility in Note 11 , the Parent Company has in place a revolving credit facility. The insurance companies have no additional outstanding credit facilities. 
 
 Cash and short-term investments were 207 million at the end of 2022 compared with 161 million at the end of 2021. In addition to these liquid assets, the entire 16.5 billion (fair value at December 31, 2022) portfolio of fixed income securities is available for sale in the event of an unexpected need. Approximately 97 of our fixed income securities are publicly traded, freely tradable under SEC Rule 144, or qualified for resale under SEC Rule 144A. We generally expect to hold fixed income securities to maturity, and even though these securities are classified as available for sale, we have the ability and general intent to hold any securities until recovery or maturity. Our strong cash flows from operations, ongoing investment maturities, and credit line availability make any need to sell securities for liquidity highly unlikely. 

Capital Resources. The Parent Company's capital structure consists of short-term debt (the commercial paper facility and current maturities of long-term debt) , long-term debt, and shareholders equity. 

Debt: The carrying value of the long-term debt was 1.6 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase from 1.5 billion a year earlier. A complete analysis and description of long-term debt issues outstanding is presented in Note 11 Debt . 

Subsidiary Capital : The National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) has established a risk-based factor approach for determining threshold risk-based capital levels for all insurance companies. This approach was designed to assist the regulatory bodies in identifying companies that may require regulatory attention. A Risk-Based Capital (RBC) ratio is typically determined by dividing adjusted total statutory capital by the amount of risk-based capital determined using the NAIC s factors. If a company s RBC ratio approaches two times the RBC amount, the company must file a plan with the NAIC for improving its capital levels (this level is commonly referred to as Company Action Level RBC). Companies typically hold a multiple of the Company Action Level RBC depending on their particular business needs and risk profile. 
 
 Our goal is to maintain statutory capital within our insurance subsidiaries at levels necessary to support our current ratings. For 2022, Globe Life has targeted a consolidated Company Action Level RBC ratio of 300 to 320 . The Company concludes that this capital level is more than adequate and sufficient to support its current ratings, given the nature of its business and its risk profile. As of December 31, 2022, our consolidated Company Action Level RBC ratio was 321 , compared to 315 in the prior year. The Parent Company is committed to maintaining the targeted consolidated RBC ratio at its insurance subsidiaries and has sufficient liquidity available to provide additional capital if necessary. 
 
 In August 2022, the NAIC fully adopted new and expanded C-2 life insurance mortality risk factors. The adoption of these factors resulted in higher amounts of required capital related to our life insurance liabilities. The Parent Company is committed to maintaining the targeted consolidated RBC ratio at its insurance subsidiaries and has sufficient liquidity available to provide additional capital if necessary. 

Shareholder's Equity : As noted under the caption Analysis of Share Purchases within this report, we have an ongoing share repurchase program. 
 
 Globe Life has continually increased the quarterly dividend on its common shares over the past three years. 
 Year Ended December 31, Projected 2023 2022 2021 2020 Quarterly dividend by annual year 0.2250 0.2075 0.1975 0.1875 
 
 Shareholders equity was 4.9 billion at December 31, 2022, compared with 8.6 billion at December 31, 2021, a decrease of 3.7 billion or 43 . Since December 31, 2021, shareholders equity was reduced by 4.2 billion due to after-tax unrealized losses in the fixed-maturity portfolio as interest rates increased over the period offset by 740 million of net income during this period. In addition, shareholders' equity was reduced by 335 million in share 
 50 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

 purchases under the repurchase program and an additional 119 million in share purchases to offset the dilution from stock option exercises. 
 
 We plan to use excess cash available at the Parent Company as efficiently as possible in the future. Excess cash flow, as we define it, results primarily from the dividends received by the Parent Company from its subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt. The cash received by the Parent Company from our insurance subsidiaries is after they have made substantial investments during the year to grow the business. Possible uses of excess cash flow include, but are not limited to, share repurchases, acquisitions, increases in shareholder dividends, investment in securities, or repayment of short-term debt. We will determine the best use of excess cash after ensuring that targeted capital levels are maintained in our insurance subsidiaries. If market conditions are favorable, we currently expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. 
 
 As discussed in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies , the Company will adopt ASU 2018-12, Financial Services Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts (LDTI) , effective on January 1, 2023. The accounting adoption will have no economic impact on the cash flows of our business nor influence our business model of providing basic protection oriented products to the underserved and low to middle-income market. In addition, the adoption will not impact our capital management philosophies. It will, however, modify the timing of when profits emerge on our insurance policies. We are anticipating GAAP net income and net operating income to increase under the new standard primarily due to the significant reduction in DAC amortization in the near or intermediate term. With respect to equity, we anticipate a significant decrease as a result of the requirement to use current discount rates to remeasure the policy liabilities and record the offset through AOCI at adoption. Since current rates (upper-medium grade) are lower than the locked-in rates assumed in valuing our policy liabilities, we will have unrealized interest rate loss recognized through AOCI. 
 
 We maintain a significant available-for-sale fixed maturity portfolio to support our insurance policy liabilities. Current accounting guidance requires that we revalue our portfolio to fair market value at the end of each accounting period. The period-to-period changes in fair value, net of their associated impact on deferred acquisition costs and income tax, are reflected directly in shareholders equity. Changes in the fair value of the portfolio can result from changes in market rates. 
 
 While a majority of invested assets are revalued, accounting rules do not permit interest-bearing insurance policy liabilities to be valued at fair value in a consistent manner as that of assets, with changes in value applied directly to shareholders equity. Due to the size of our policy liabilities in relation to our shareholders equity, an inconsistency exists in measurement, which may have a material impact on the reported value of shareholders equity. Fluctuations in interest rates cause undue volatility in the period-to-period presentation of our shareholders equity, capital structure, and financial ratios. Due to the long-term nature of our fixed maturities and liabilities and the strong cash flows consistently generated by our insurance subsidiaries, we have the general intent and ability to hold our securities to maturity. As such, we do not expect to incur losses due to fluctuations in market value of fixed maturities caused by market rate changes and temporarily illiquid markets. Accordingly, our management, credit rating agencies, lenders, many industry analysts, and certain other financial statement users prefer to remove the effect of this accounting rule when analyzing our balance sheet, capital structure, and financial ratios. 
 
 51 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

The following table presents selected data related to our capital resources. Additionally, the table presents the effect of this accounting guidance on relevant line items, so that investors and other financial statement users may determine its impact on Globe Life's capital structure. Excluding the effect of unrealized gains or losses on the fixed maturity portfolio from shareholders' equity is considered non-GAAP. Below we include the reconciliation to GAAP. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) At December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 GAAP Effect of 
 Accounting 
 Rule 
 Requiring 
 Revaluation (1) 
 GAAP Effect of 
 Accounting 
 Rule 
 Requiring 
 Revaluation (1) 
 GAAP Effect of 
 Accounting 
 Rule 
 Requiring 
 Revaluation (1) 
 Fixed maturities 16,503,365 (1,798,327) 21,305,287 3,500,365 21,213,509 4,019,710 Deferred acquisition costs (2) 
 5,249,907 5,380 4,914,728 (4,327) 4,595,444 (5,955) Total assets 25,537,159 (1,792,947) 29,768,048 3,496,038 29,046,731 4,013,755 Short-term debt 449,103 479,644 254,918 Long-term debt 1,627,952 1,546,494 1,667,886 Shareholders' equity 4,895,861 (1,416,428) 8,642,806 2,761,870 8,771,092 3,170,866 Book value per diluted share 49.65 (14.36) 85.97 27.47 83.19 30.07 Debt to capitalization (3) 
 29.8 5.0 19.0 (6.6) 18.0 (7.6) Diluted shares outstanding 98,615 100,535 105,429 Actual shares outstanding 96,740 99,567 103,797 
 (1) Amount added to (deducted from) comprehensive income to produce the stated GAAP item, per accounting rule ASC 320-10-35-1. 
 (2) Includes the value of business acquired (VOBA). 
 (3) Globe Life's debt covenants require that the effect of this accounting rule be removed to determine this ratio. This ratio is computed by dividing total debt by the sum of total debt and shareholders equity. 

Financial Strength Ratings. The financial strength of our major insurance subsidiaries is rated by Standard Poor s and A. M. Best. The following table presents these ratings for our five largest insurance subsidiaries at December 31, 2022. 
 Standard Poor s A.M. Best Liberty National Life Insurance Company AA- A Globe Life And Accident Insurance Company AA- A United American Insurance Company AA- A American Income Life Insurance Company AA- A Family Heritage Life Insurance Company of America NR A 
 
 A.M. Best states that it assigns an A (Excellent) rating to insurance companies that have, in its opinion, an excellent ability to meet their ongoing insurance obligations. 
 
 The AA financial strength rating category is assigned by Standard Poor s Corporation (S P) to those insurers which have very strong capacity to meet its financial commitments which differs from the highest-rated insurers only to a small degree. An insurer rated A has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but it is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than insurers in higher-rated categories. The plus sign (+) or minus sign (-) shows the relative standing within the major rating category. 

52 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

OTHER ITEMS 
 
 Litigation. For more information concerning litigation, please refer to Note 6 Commitments and Contingencies . 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
 Application of Critical Accounting Estimates. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the application of accounting policies that often involve a significant degree of judgment. Management reviews these key estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of financial statements on a timely basis. If management determines that modifications are necessary due to current facts and circumstances, the Company s results of operations and financial position as reported in the consolidated financial statements could possibly change significantly. 
 
 The following accounting policies are deemed critical to the preparation of the financial statements and include accounting estimates that management believes are most subjective or have complex judgments. 
 
 Future Policy Benefits. Due to the long-term nature of insurance contracts, our insurance companies are liable for policy benefit payments that will be made in the future. The liability for future policy benefits is determined by standard actuarial procedures common to the life insurance industry. The accounting policies for determining this liability are disclosed in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies. 
 
 Approximately 90 of our liabilities for future policy benefits at December 31, 2022 were traditional insurance liabilities where the liability is determined as the present value of future benefits less the present value of the portion of the gross premium required to pay for such benefits. The assumptions used in estimating the future benefits for this portion of business are set at the time of contract issue. These assumptions are locked in and are not revised for the lifetime of the contracts, except where there is a premium deficiency, as defined in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies under the caption Future Policy Benefits. Otherwise, variability in the accrual of policy reserve liabilities after policy issuance is caused only by variability of the inventory of in force policies. 
 
 The remaining portion of liabilities for future policy benefits pertains to business accounted for as deposit business, where the recorded liability is the fund balance attributable to the benefit of policyholders as determined by the policy contract at the consolidated financial statement date. Accordingly, there are no assumptions used to determine the future policy benefit liability for deposit business. 
 
 Refer to Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies for discussion on the significant changes to future policy benefits with an effective date of January 1, 2023. 
 
 Deferred Acquisition Costs. Certain costs of acquiring new business are deferred and recorded as an asset. Deferred acquisition costs consist primarily of sales commissions and other underwriting costs such as advertising related to the successful issuance of a new insurance contract as indicated in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies under the caption Deferred Acquisition Costs in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Additionally, the cost of acquiring blocks of insurance business or insurance business through the purchase of other companies, known as the value of insurance acquired (VOBA), is included in deferred acquisition costs. Our policies for accounting for deferred acquisition costs and the associated amortization are reported under the same caption in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies . 
 
 Over 99 of our deferred acquisition costs at December 31, 2022 were related to traditional products and are being amortized over the premium-paying period in proportion to the present value of actual historic and estimated future gross premiums. The projection assumptions for this business are set at the time of contract issue. These assumptions are locked-in at that time and, except where there is a loss recognition issue, are not revised for the lifetime of the contracts. Absent a premium deficiency, variability in amortization after policy issuance is caused only by variability in premium volume. We have not recorded a deferred acquisition cost loss recognition event for assets related to this business for any period in the three years ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 53 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

 Less than 1 of deferred acquisition costs pertain to deposit business for which deferred acquisition costs are amortized over the estimated lives of the contracts. 
 
 Policy Claims and Other Benefits Payable. This liability consists of known benefits currently payable and an estimate of claims that have been incurred but not yet reported to us. The estimate of unreported claims is based on prior experience and is made after careful evaluation of all information available to us. However, the factors upon which these estimates are based can be subject to change from historical patterns. Factors involved include the litigation environment, regulatory mandates, and the introduction of policy types for which claim patterns are not well established, and medical trend rates and medical cost inflation as they affect our health claims. Changes in these estimates, if any, are reflected in the earnings of the period in which the adjustment is made. The Company concludes that the estimates used to produce the liability for claims and other benefits, including the estimate of unsubmitted claims, are the most appropriate under the circumstances. However, there is no certainty that the resulting stated liability will be our ultimate obligation. At this time, we do not expect any change in this estimate to have a material impact on earnings or financial position consistent with our historical experience. There were no significant changes in the claims process in the current year. 
 
 Valuation of Fixed Maturities. We hold a substantial investment in high-quality fixed maturities to provide for the funding of our future policy contractual obligations over long periods of time. While these securities are generally expected to be held to maturity, they are classified as available for sale and are sold from time to time to maximize risk-adjusted, capital-adjusted returns. We report this portfolio at fair value. Fair value is the price that we would expect to receive upon sale of the asset in an orderly transaction. The fair value of the fixed maturity portfolio is primarily affected by changes in interest rates in financial markets. Because of the size of our fixed maturity portfolio and the long average life, small changes in rates can have a significant effect on the portfolio and the reported financial position of the Company. This impact is disclosed in 100 basis point increments under the caption Market Risk Sensitivity in this report. However, as discussed under the caption Financial Condition in this report, the Company regards these unrealized fluctuations in value as having no meaningful impact on our actual financial condition and, as such, we remove them from consideration when viewing our financial position and financial ratios. 
 
 At times, the values of our fixed maturities can also be affected by illiquidity in the financial markets. Illiquidity would contribute to a spread widening, and accordingly to unrealized losses, on many securities that we would expect to be fully recoverable. Even though our fixed maturity portfolio is available for sale, we have the ability and general intent to hold the securities until maturity as a result of our strong and stable cash flows generated from our insurance products. Considerable information concerning the policies, procedures, classification levels, and other relevant data concerning the valuation of our fixed maturity investments is presented in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and in Note 4 Investments under the captions Fair Value Measurements in both notes. There were no significant changes in the valuation process in the current year. 
 
 Investments: Allowance for Credit Losses. We continually monitor our investment portfolio for investments where fair value has declined below carrying value to determine if a credit loss event has occurred. When a credit event does occur, an allowance for credit loss is recorded and the corresponding provision is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in Realized Gains or Losses. Non-credit related fluctuations in the fair value are recorded in Other Comprehensive Income . The policies and procedures that we use to evaluate and account for allowance for credit losses are disclosed in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and the discussions under the captions Investments and Realized Gains and Losses in this report. While every effort is made to make the best estimate of status and value with the information available regarding an allowance for credit loss, it is difficult to predict the future prospects of a distressed or impaired security. 

54 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 
 Management's Discussion Analysis 

 Defined benefit pension plans. We maintain funded defined benefit plans covering most full-time employees. We also have an unfunded nonqualified defined benefit plan covering a limited number of officers. Our obligations under these plans are determined actuarially based on specified actuarial assumptions. In accordance with GAAP, an expense is recorded each year as these pension obligations grow due to the increase in the service period of employees and the interest cost associated with the passage of time. These obligations are offset, at least in part, by the growth in value of the assets in the funded plans. At December 31, 2022, our gross liability under these plans was 563 million, but was offset by assets of 500 million. 
 
 The actuarial assumptions used in determining our obligations/expenses for pensions include: employee mortality and turnover, retirement age, the expected return on plan assets, projected salary increases, and the discount rate at which future obligations could be settled. Additionally, a corridor approach is used to amortize any unrecognized gains or losses outside the corridor (the standard 10 of the greater of plan PBO and fair value assets) and have an amortization service period of approximately nine years. These assumptions have an important effect on the pension obligation. A decrease in the discount rate will cause an increase in the pension obligation. A decrease in projected salary increases will cause a decrease in this obligation. Small changes in assumptions may cause significant differences in reported results for these plans. For example, a sensitivity analysis is presented below for the impact of change in the discount rate and the long-term rate of return on assets assumed on our defined benefit pension plans expense for the year 2022 and projected benefit obligation as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Pension Assumptions 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) Assumption Change (1) 
 Impact on Expense Impact on Projected Benefit Obligation Discount Rate (2) : 
 Increase 25 (2,020) (18,163) Decrease (25) 882 19,148 Expected Return (3) : 
 Increase 25 (1,381) Decrease (25) 1,381 
 (1) In basis points. 
 (2) The discount rate for determining the net periodic benefit cost was 3.19 for 2022. The discount rate used for determining the projected benefit obligation as of December 31, 2022 was 5.71 . 
 (3) The expected long-term return rate assumed was 6.98 at December 31, 2022, and 6.67 in the prior year. Management considers both historical and future yields to determine the expected return. 
 
 The Company determines mortality assumptions through the use of published mortality tables that reflect broad-based studies of mortality and published longevity improvement scales. 
 
 The criteria used to determine the primary assumptions are discussed in Note 9 Postretirement Benefits . While we have used our best efforts to determine the most reliable assumptions, given the information available from Company experience, economic data, independent consultants and other sources, we cannot be certain that actual results will be the same as expected. The assumptions are reviewed annually and revised, if necessary, based on more current information available to us. Note 9 Postretirement Benefits also contains information about pension plan assets, investment policies, and other related data. There were no significant changes in the assumptions in the current year. 
 
 55 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Information required by this item is found under the heading Market Risk Sensitivity in Item 7 of this report. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements Index Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB No. 
 57 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 , and 2021 
 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the three years in the period ended December 31 , 2022 
 60 
 Consolidated Stateme nts of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 
 63 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 64 
 
 56 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Globe Life Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Globe Life Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedules listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 22, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Investments in Fixed Maturities Classified as Available for Sale Significant Unobservable Inputs - Refer to Notes 1 and 4 to the Financial Statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 Investments in fixed maturities classified as available for sale are reported at fair value in the financial statements. The investments without readily determinable market values are valued using significant unobservable inputs such as credit ratings and discount rates. The balance of investments without readily determinable market values was 528 million as of December 31, 2022. These inputs involve considerable judgment by management. 
 57 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 We identified investments in fixed maturities classified as available for sale without readily determinable market values as a critical audit matter because of the unobservable inputs used by management to estimate fair value. Auditing these inputs required especially subjective judgment and required the involvement of our fair value specialists to fully evaluate them. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the unobservable inputs used by management to estimate the fair value of investments in fixed maturities classified as available for sale included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over investments in fixed maturities classified as available for sale, including management s controls over the determination of unobservable inputs and fair value. 
 We tested the accuracy and completeness of underlying data used in the determination of the fair value (e.g., investments owned at the balance sheet date and relevant security attributes). 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we developed independent estimates of fair value for a selection of securities and compared our estimates to management s estimates. 
 
 Future Policy Benefits and Amortization of Deferred Acquisition Costs Certain Underlying Assumptions - Refer to Note 1 to the Financial Statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company s management sets assumptions in (1) recording a liability for policy benefit payments that will be made in the future (future policy benefits) and (2) determining amortization of deferred acquisition costs. The most significant assumptions include mortality, morbidity, and persistency. Assumptions are determined based upon published studies and analysis of Company specific experience, adjusted for changes in exposure and other relevant factors. Given the inherent uncertainty of these significant assumptions, auditing the development of such assumptions involved especially subjective judgment. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to management s judgments regarding the assumptions used in the development of future policy benefits and the amortization of deferred acquisition costs included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the assumption development process and the valuation of future policy benefits. 
 We tested the underlying data used in the development of the assumptions as well as in the determination of the liability for future policy benefits and the amortization of deferred acquisition costs. 
 We evaluated management s selected actuarial assumptions, including testing the accuracy and completeness of the supporting experience studies. 
 With the assistance of our actuarial specialists, we evaluated management s judgments regarding the assumptions used in the development of future policy benefits and the amortization of deferred acquisition costs. 
 We evaluated whether the assumptions used were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 
 
 /s/ 

February 22, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1999. 

58 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

Globe Life Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets: Investments: Fixed maturities available for sale, at fair value (amortized cost: 2022 ; 
 2021 , allowance for credit losses: 2022 ; 2021 
 Policy loans Other long-term investments (includes: 2022 ; 2021 under the fair value option) 
 Short-term investments Total investments Cash Accrued investment income Other receivables Deferred acquisition costs Goodwill Other assets Total assets Liabilities: Future policy benefits Unearned and advance premium Policy claims and other benefits payable Other policyholders' funds Total policy liabilities Current and deferred income taxes Short-term debt Long-term debt (estimated fair value: 2022 ; 2021 
 Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) Shareholders' equity: Preferred stock, par value per share shares authorized; outstanding: in 2022 and 2021 
 Common stock, par value per share shares authorized; outstanding: (2022 issued; 2021 issued) 
 Additional paid-in-capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost: (2022 shares; 2021 shares) 
 ) ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 59 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Globe Life Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue: Life premium Health premium Other premium Total premium Net investment income Realized gains (losses) ) ) Other income Total revenue Benefits and expenses: Life policyholder benefits Health policyholder benefits Other policyholder benefits Total policyholder benefits Amortization of deferred acquisition costs Commissions, premium taxes, and non-deferred acquisition costs Other operating expense Interest expense Total benefits and expenses Income before income taxes Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) Net income 
 Basic net income per common share 
 Diluted net income per common share 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 60 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Globe Life Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income 
 Other comprehensive income (loss): Investments: Unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturities: Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during period ) ) Other reclassification adjustments included in net income ) Foreign exchange adjustment on fixed maturities recorded at fair value Unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturities ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on other investments ) Total unrealized investment gains (losses) ) ) Less applicable tax (expense) benefit ) Unrealized gains (losses) on investments, net of tax ) ) Deferred acquisition costs: Unrealized gains (losses) attributable to deferred acquisition costs Less applicable tax (expense) benefit ) ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) attributable to deferred acquisition costs, net of tax Foreign exchange translation: Foreign exchange translation adjustments, other than securities ) ) Less applicable tax (expense) benefit ) Foreign exchange translation adjustments, other than securities, net of tax ) ) Pension: Amortization of pension costs Plan amendments ) Experience gain (loss) ) Pension adjustments ) Less applicable tax (expense) benefit ) ) Pension adjustments, net of tax ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 61 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Globe Life Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Total Shareholders' Equity Year Ended December 31, 2020 Balance at December 31, 2019 
 ) Adoption of ASU 2016-13 ) ) Balance at January 1, 2020 
 ) Comprehensive income (loss) Common dividends declared 
 per share) 
 ) ) Acquisition of treasury stock ) ) Stock-based compensation ) Exercise of stock options ) Retirement of treasury stock ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Year Ended December 31, 2021 Balance at January 1, 2021 
 ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Common dividends declared 
 per share) 
 ) ) Acquisition of treasury stock ) ) Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options ) Retirement of treasury stock ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Year Ended December 31, 2022 Balance at January 1, 2022 
 ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Common dividends declared 
 per share) 
 ) ) Acquisition of treasury stock ) ) Stock-based compensation ) Exercise of stock options ) Retirement of treasury stock ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 62 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Globe Life Inc. 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided from operations: Increase (decrease) in future policy benefits Increase (decrease) in other policy benefits Deferral of policy acquisition costs ) ) ) Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs Change in current and deferred income taxes Realized (gains) losses ) Other, net Cash provided from (used for) operating activities 
 Cash provided from (used for) investing activities: Investments sold or matured: Fixed maturities available for sale sold Fixed maturities available for sale matured or other redemptions Other long-term investments Total investments sold or matured Acquisition of investments: Fixed maturities available for sale ) ) ) Other long-term investments ) ) ) Total investments acquired ) ) ) Net (increase) decrease in policy loans ) ) ) Net (increase) decrease in short-term investments ) ) Additions to property and equipment ) ) ) Other investing activities ) ) Investments in low-income housing interests ) ) ) Cash provided from (used for) investing activities 
 ) ) ) Cash provided from (used for) financing activities: Issuance of common stock Cash dividends paid to shareholders ) ) ) Repayment of debt ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of debt Payment for debt issuance costs ) ) ) Net borrowing (repayment) of commercial paper ) ) Acquisition of treasury stock ) ) ) Net receipts (payments) from deposit-type products ) ) ) Cash provided from (used for) financing activities 
 ) ) ) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash ) Cash at beginning of year Cash at end of year 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 63 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

reportable segments: life insurance, supplemental health insurance, annuities, and investments. 

million. In conjunction with this agreement, the Company also executed a 100 coinsurance agreement assuming the remaining inforce business produced by the unit. The acquisition was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting as required by GAAP. This guidance requires the assets acquired and liabilities assumed be based on their fair values at the acquisition date. The goodwill related to the purchase is due to expected synergies as a result of combining operations with other factors. The results of operations since the acquisition date have been consolidated. The cash flows associated with the purchase are recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows in "Other investing activities." 

64 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 to . For each investment, the Company has elected the fair value option, but would have been otherwise accounted for as an equity method investment. The fair value option is assessed for each individual investment and concluded at the inception of the investment. 
 
 Each limited partnership investment is evaluated under applicable GAAP to determine if it is a variable interest entity (VIE) and would qualify for consolidation. Only primary beneficiaries are required or allowed to consolidate VIEs. The investments are not consolidated because the Company has no power to control the activities that most significantly affect the economic performance of these entities and therefore the Company is not the primary beneficiary of any of these interests. Globe Life's involvement is limited to its limited partnership interest in the entities. The Company has not provided any other financial support to the entities beyond its commitments to fund its limited partnership interests, and there are no arrangements or agreements with any of the interests to provide other financial support. The maximum loss exposure relative to these interests is limited to their carrying value. The Company has approximately of total assets in low-income housing tax credits and certain limited partnerships (investment funds) that qualify as unconsolidated VIEs. 
 
 The limited partnership investments are reported at the Company's pro-rata share of the investment fund's net asset value or its equivalent (NAV), as a practical expedient for fair value. Operating results provided by the partnerships can be on a lag up to 3 months; however, the Company makes adjustments for any material transactions occurring within the lag period. Changes in the net asset value are recorded in "Realized gains (losses)" on the Consolidated Statements of Operations . Distributions received from the funds arise from income generated by the underlying investments as well as the liquidation of the underlying investments. Periodic distributions are recorded in net investment income until cumulative distributions exceed our pro-rata share of cumulative operating earnings at which point the distributions will reduce carrying value. Our maximum exposure to loss is equal to the outstanding carrying value and future funding commitments. The Company had million of capital called during the year from existing investment funds, reducing our unfunded commitments. Our unfunded commitments were million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Commercial mortgage loan participations, a type of investment where the mortgage loan is shared among investors, are accounted for as financing receivables. The commercial mortgage loans are managed by a third-party. The Company purchased the legal rights to interests in commercial mortgage loans which are secured by properties such as hotels, retail, multiple family, or offices. The commercial mortgage loans typically have a term of with the option to extend up to . The commercial mortgage loans are recorded at unpaid principal balance, net of unamortized origination fees and net of allowance for loan losses. Interest income, net of the amortization of origination fees, is recorded in "Net investment income" under the effective yield method. Our unfunded commitment balance to the commercial loan borrowers was million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 "Short-term investments" include investments in interest-bearing assets with original maturities of twelve months or less. Gains and losses realized on the disposition of investments are determined on a specific identification basis. 
 
 65 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 of the total in the aggregate. 
 
 Approximately of the fair value of "fixed maturities" reported at December 31, 2022 was determined using data provided by third-party pricing services. Prices provided by these services are not binding offers, but are estimated exit values. Third-party pricing services use proprietary pricing models to determine security values by discounting cash flows using a market-adjusted spread to a benchmark yield. 
 
 For all asset classes within Globe Life's significant security types, third-party pricing services use a common valuation technique to model the price of the investments using observable market data. The foundation for these models consists of developing yield spreads based on multiple observable market inputs, including but not limited to: benchmark yield curves, actual trading activity, new issue yields, broker-dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bids, offers, sector-specific data, economic data, and other inputs that are corroborated in the market. Pricing vendors monitor and review their pricing data continuously with current market and economic data feeds, augmented by ongoing communication within the dealer community. 
 
 Using the observable market inputs described above, spreads to an appropriate benchmark yield are further developed by the vendors for each security based on security-specific and/or sector-specific risk factors, such as a security s terms and conditions (coupon, maturity, and call features), credit rating, sector, liquidity, collateral or other cash flow options, and other factors that could impact the risk of the security. Embedded repayment options, such as call and redemption features, are also taken into account in the pricing models. When the spread is determined, it is added to the security s benchmark yield. The security's expected cash flows are discounted using this spread-adjusted yield, and the resulting present value of the discounted cash flows is the evaluated price. 

66 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

67 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

68 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

See Note 4 for current activity. 

thousand. Commercial mortgage loans generally pay interest monthly, therefore accrued interest is typically for a period of less than 30 days. 
 
 As a practical expedient, the Company excludes the accrued investment income from the amortized cost basis of the investment and separately reports it in another financial statement line item, "Accrued investment income." Additionally, the amount will be excluded from disclosures within Note 4 Investments . 
 
 million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. When an agent sells a policy, commissions are advanced to the agent, and the collection of the advance is made as long as the policy stays in force. While there is a susceptibility to loss should an agent terminate or excessive policy lapses occur, the ability of the Company to continue to collect an agent's commission streams over time from prior sales of policies reduces the Company's exposure to loss. 
 
 The Company has a very low inherent risk with regards to the collection of agent debit balances and views these balances as recoverable since they are, in aggregate, less than the estimated present value of future commissions discounted at a conservative rate which includes assumptions for lapses and mortality. The Company s security, or collateral, is in the form of future commission streams collected over the life of the policies sold by the respective agents, which ultimately revert to the Company in the event an agent is terminated. The Company evaluated the agent debit balances on a pool basis to determine the allowance for credit losses, as the loans have similar characteristics. A provision for credit losses will be recorded in "Realized gains (losses)" on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and the asset balance will be reflected in agent debit balances, net of allowance for credit losses ("Other receivables"). Based on factors considered by management, there were no additional credit losses recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the allowance for credit losses was million. 

69 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

Refer to Note 5 Deferred Acquisition Costs . 
 
 Direct to Consumer advertising costs charged to earnings and included in commissions, premium taxes, and non-deferred acquisition costs were million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Unamortized capitalized advertising costs included within DAC were billion at December 31, 2022 and billion at December 31, 2021. 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was included in "Other assets" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets . As of December 31, 2022, Globe Life was obligated under future commitments of million, which are recorded in "Other liabilities". For guaranteed investments acquired prior to January 1, 2015, the Company utilizes the effective-yield method of amortization, while the proportional method of amortization is 
 70 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

for equipment and fifteen to for buildings and improvements. Ordinary maintenance and repairs are charged to income as incurred. Impairments, if any, are recorded when certain events and circumstances become evident that the fair value of the asset is less than its carrying amount. Original cost of property and equipment was million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. Accumulated depreciation was million at the end of 2022 and million at the end of 2021. Depreciation expense was million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. Internally generated software costs are expensed as incurred in the preliminary project phase and post-implementation phase, and are capitalized during the application development stage. Additionally, implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract are capitalized. 
 
 of total liabilities for future policy benefits, is determined on the net level premium method. This method provides for the present value of expected future benefit payments less the present value of expected future net premiums, based on estimated investment yields, mortality, morbidity, persistency, and other assumptions which were considered appropriate at the time the policies were issued. For limited-payment contracts, a deferred profit liability is also recorded which causes profits to emerge over the life of the contract in proportion to the amount of insurance in force. 
 
 Assumptions used for traditional life and health insurance products are based primarily on Company experience. Assumptions for interest rates range from to for Globe Life's insurance companies with an overall weighted average assumed rate of . Mortality tables used for individual life insurance include various industry tables and reflect modifications of a variety of generally accepted actuarial tables based on Company experience. Morbidity assumptions for individual health are based on Company experience and industry data. Lapse and persistency assumptions are based on Globe Life's experience. Once established, assumptions for these products are generally not changed. An additional provision is made on most products to allow for possible adverse deviation from the assumptions. These estimates are reviewed annually and compared with actual experience. If it is determined that existing contract liabilities, together with the present value of future gross premiums, will not be sufficient to cover the present value of future benefits and to recover unamortized deferred acquisition costs, then a premium deficiency exists. Such a deficiency would be recognized immediately by a charge to earnings and either a reduction of unamortized deferred acquisition costs or an increase in the liability for future policy benefits. From that point forward, the liability for future policy benefits would be based on revised assumptions. 

71 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 For more information, see Note 7 Liability for Unpaid Claims . 

More information concerning the accounting and disclosures for postretirement benefits is found in Note 9 Postretirement Benefits . 
 
 More information is found in Note 12 Shareholders' Equity . 
 
 million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Other premium consists of annuity policy charges in each year. For most insurance products, the related benefits and expenses are matched with revenues by means of the provision of future policy benefits and the amortization of DAC in a manner which recognizes profits as they are earned over the revenue recognition period. For limited-payment life insurance products, the profits are recognized over the contract period. 

Dividend yield Expected term (in years) Risk-free rate 
 
 The expected term is generally derived from Company experience. However, expected terms are determined based on the simplified method as permitted under the ASC 718, Stock Compensation, topic when Company experience is insufficient. On April 26, 2018, the shareholders approved the Globe Life Inc. 2018 Incentive Plan, formerly the Torchmark Corporation 2018 Incentive Plan (the "2018 Incentive Plan"). The 2018 Incentive Plan replaced all 
 72 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 contractual term which vest over in addition to grants which vest over as permitted by the previous plans. Director grants vest over . The Company has sufficient experience with grants that vest in , but insufficient historical experience with vesting. Therefore, the Company has used the simplified method to determine the expected term for the grants with vesting and will do so until adequate experience is developed. Volatility and risk-free interest rates are assumed over a period of time consistent with the expected term of the option. Volatility is measured on a historical basis. Monthly data points are utilized to derive volatility for periods greater than . Expected dividend yield is based on current dividend yield held constant over the expected term. Once the fair value of an option has been determined, it is amortized on a straight-line basis over the employee s service period for that grant (from the grant date to the date the grant is fully vested). Expenses for restricted stock and restricted stock units are based on the grant date fair value allocated on a straight-line basis over the service period. Performance share expense is recognized based on management s estimate of the probability of meeting the metrics identified in the performance share award agreement, assigned to each service period as these estimates develop. 
 
 More information concerning the Company's segments is provided in Note 14 Business Segments . 
 
 For more information on earnings per share, see Note 12 Shareholders' Equity . 
 73 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

billion to billion due to a billion to billion increase in future policy benefits. Holding all else equal as of the Transition Date, but using discount rates as of December 31, 2022, the after-tax decrease in AOCI would have been billion to billion due to a billion to billion increase in future policy benefits. Under the new standard, the future policy benefits recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets are different than those used in the determination of net income. Future policy benefits recorded within the Consolidated Balance Sheets are determined using current discount rates as of the valuation date, while future policy benefits used for the determination of net income are determined using locked-in discount rates 3 based on policy issue dates. On the Transition Date, two significant drivers of the increase in future policy benefits and decrease in AOCI within the Consolidated Balance Sheets are the lower level of current discount rates as compared to the locked-in discount rates used under prior guidance and the long average life of the Company s life insurance cash flow 
 
 3 Locked-in discount rates are those discount rates which are established at issue and locked-in for each year of issue for use in establishing reserves to compute net income. 
 74 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 million to million, net of tax, for 2023. 
 
 While the requirements of the new guidance represent a change from existing GAAP, the new guidance will not impact capital and surplus or net income under statutory accounting practices, cash flows on our policies, or the underlying economics of our business. 
 
 ASU No. 2022-03 , Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions 
 
 ASU 2022-03 adds disclosure requirements specific to equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions. The disclosures clarify the nature of the contractual sale as well as the duration of the restriction and the circumstances that could cause a lapse in the restriction. 
 
 This standard is effective for the Company on January 1, 2024, and will be implemented on a prospective basis. Early adoption is available. The Company does not expect the standard will have a material impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

4 The net premium ratio is the ratio between the present value of benefits and the present value of gross premium. 
 75 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

The excess, if any, of shareholders' equity of the insurance subsidiaries on a GAAP basis over that determined on a statutory basis is not available for distribution by the insurance subsidiaries to the Parent Company without regulatory approval. Insurance subsidiaries statutory capital and surplus necessary to satisfy regulatory requirements in the aggregate was million at December 31, 2022. More information on the restrictions on the payment of dividends can be found in Note 12 Shareholders' Equity . 
 
 The Company's statutory financial statements are presented on the basis of accounting practices prescribed by the insurance department of the state of domicile of each insurance subsidiary. While all states have adopted the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) statutory accounting practices (NAIC SAP) as the basis for statutory accounting, certain states have retained prescribed practices of their respective insurance code or administrative code which can differ from NAIC SAP. For Globe Life's life insurance companies, there are no significant differences between NAIC SAP and the accounting practices prescribed by the states of domicile. 
 
 76 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax ) Reclassifications, net of tax Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 
 ) ) For the year ended December 31, 2021: Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax ) ) ) Reclassifications, net of tax ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 ) ) For the year ended December 31, 2022: Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax ) ) ) Reclassifications, net of tax Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) 
 
 77 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 ) Realized (gains) losses Amortization of (discount) premium Net investment income Total before tax ) Tax ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) Total after-tax ) Pension adjustments: Amortization of prior service cost Other operating expense Amortization of actuarial (gain) loss Other operating expense Total before tax Tax ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) Total after-tax Total reclassification (after-tax) 
 ) 
 
 78 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

) States, municipalities, and political subdivisions ) Foreign governments ) Corporates, by sector: Financial ) Utilities ) Energy ) Other corporate sectors ) Total corporates ) Collateralized debt obligations Other asset-backed securities ) Total fixed maturities 
 ) 
 (1) Amount reported in the balance sheet. 
 (2) At fair value. 
 79 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 ) States, municipalities, and political subdivisions ) Foreign governments ) Corporates, by sector: Financial ) ) Utilities ) Energy ) Other corporate sectors ) Total corporates ) ) Collateralized debt obligations Other asset-backed securities ) Total fixed maturities 
 ) ) 
 (1) Amount reported in the balance sheet. 
 (2) At fair value. 
 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years through twenty years Due after twenty years Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities 
 
 80 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

Policy loans Other long-term investments (1) 
 Short-term investments Less investment expense ) ) ) Net investment income 
 
 (1) For the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, the investment funds, accounted for under the fair value option method, recorded million, million, and million, respectively, in net investment income. ) Provision for credit losses ) Investment funds fair value option ) Other investments ) Realized gains (losses) from investments 
 ) ) Realized loss on redemption of debt (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Applicable tax ) Realized gains (losses), net of tax 
 ) ) 
 (1) For the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded million, million, and million of exchanges of fixed maturities (noncash transactions) that resulted in million, million, and million, respectively, in realized gains (losses). 
 (2) Refer to Note 11 Debt for further discussion . ) 

81 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Gross realized gains Gross realized losses ) ) ) 

States, municipalities, and political subdivisions Foreign governments Corporates, by sector: Financial Utilities Energy Other corporate sectors Total corporates Collateralized debt obligations Other asset-backed securities Total fixed maturities 
 Percentage of total 
 82 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 States, municipalities, and political subdivisions Foreign governments Corporates, by sector: Financial Utilities Energy Other corporate sectors Total corporates Collateralized debt obligations Other asset-backed securities Total fixed maturities 
 Percentage of total 
 
 83 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Included in realized gains/losses Included in other comprehensive income ) ) Acquisitions (1) 
 Sales Amortization Other (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Transfers into Level 3 (3) 
 Transfers out of Level 3 (3) 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 
 Included in realized gains/losses ) ) ) Included in other comprehensive income ) ) Acquisitions (1) 
 Sales ) ) ) Amortization Other (2) 
 ) ) ) Transfers into Level 3 (3) 
 Transfers out of Level 3 (3) 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Included in realized gains/losses Included in other comprehensive income ) ) ) Acquisitions (1) 
 Sales Amortization Other (2) 
 ) ) ) Transfers into Level 3 (3) 
 Transfers out of Level 3 (3) 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Change in unrealized gains or losses for the period included in other comprehensive income for assets held at the end of the reporting period: Asset- backed Securities Collateralized Debt Obligations Corporates Total 2020 
 ) ) 2021 
 ) ) 2022 
 ) ) ) 
 (1) Acquisitions of Level 3 investments in each of the years 2020 through 2022 are comprised of private placement fixed maturities and equities. 
 (2) Includes capitalized interest, foreign exchange adjustments, and principal repayments. 

84 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Determination of credit spread Credit rating A+ to B- BBB- Other corporate bonds Discounted Cash Flows Discount rate Collateralized debt obligations Discounted Cash Flows Discount rate 
 (1) Unobservable inputs were weighted by the relative fair value of the instruments. 
 
 The private placement fixed maturities reported as Level 3, are managed by third-party investment managers. These securities are valued based on the contractual cash flows discounted by a yield determined as a treasury benchmark adjusted for a credit spread. The credit spread is developed from observable indices for similar public fixed maturities and unobservable indices for private fixed maturities for corresponding credit ratings. However, the credit ratings for the securities are considered unobservable inputs, as they are assigned by the third-party investment manager based on a quantitative and qualitative assessment of the credit underwritten. A higher (lower) credit rating would result in a higher (lower) valuation. 
 
 The collateral underlying collateralized debt obligations consists primarily of trust preferred securities issued by banks and insurance companies. Collateralized debt obligations are valued at the present value of expected future cash flows using an unobservable discount rate. Expected cash flows are determined by scheduling the projected repayment of the collateral assuming no future defaults, deferrals, or recoveries. The discount rate is risk-adjusted to take these items into account. A significant increase (decrease) in the discount rate will produce a significant decrease (increase) in fair value. Additionally, a significant increase (decrease) in the cash flow expectations would result in a significant increase (decrease) in fair value. For more information regarding valuation procedures, please refer to Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies under the caption Fair Value Measurements, Investments in Securities . 
 
 Other corporate bonds consist of obligations issued out of a special purpose vehicle (SPV). The discount rate is derived using an unobservable spread over an observable index. An increase (decrease) in spread will produce a decrease (increase) in fair value. 

As of December 31, 2021 
 
 85 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 issues by different issuers at December 31, 2022 and issues by different issuers at December 31, 2021. The weighted-average quality rating of all unrealized loss positions at amortized cost was A- as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 ) ) ) States, municipalities, and political subdivisions ) ) ) Foreign governments ) ) ) Corporates, by sector: Financial ) ) ) Utilities ) ) ) Energy ) ) Other corporate sectors ) ) ) Total corporates ) ) ) Collateralized debt obligations Other asset-backed securities ) ) ) Total investment grade securities ) ) ) Below investment grade securities: States, municipalities, and political subdivisions Corporates, by sector: Financial ) ) ) Utilities ) ) Energy ) ) ) Other corporate sectors ) ) ) Total corporates ) ) ) Collateralized debt obligations Other asset-backed securities ) ) Total below investment grade securities ) ) ) Total fixed maturities 
 ) ) ) 
 
 86 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 ) ) ) States, municipalities, and political subdivisions ) ) ) Foreign governments ) ) ) Corporates, by sector: Financial ) ) ) Utilities ) ) ) Energy ) ) Other corporate sectors ) ) ) Total corporates ) ) ) Collateralized debt obligations Other asset-backed securities ) ) Total investment grade securities ) ) ) Below investment grade securities: States, municipalities, and political subdivisions Corporates, by sector: Financial ) ) ) Utilities Energy ) ) Other corporate sectors ) ) ) Total corporates ) ) ) Collateralized debt obligations Other asset-backed securities ) ) Total below investment grade securities ) ) ) Total fixed maturities 
 ) ) ) 

million at December 31, 2021, to billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of billion. The increase in the gross unrealized losses from the prior year was primarily attributable to the increase in market interest rates. 

87 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

Additions to allowance for which credit losses were not previously recorded Additions (reductions) to allowance for fixed maturities that previously had an allowance Reduction of allowance for which the Company intends to sell or more likely than not will be required to sell or sold during the period ) ) Allowance for credit losses ending balance 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company did not have any fixed maturities in non-accrual status. 

States, municipalities, and political subdivisions U.S. Government direct, guaranteed, and government-sponsored enterprises Other Below investment grade fixed maturities: Corporates States, municipalities, and political subdivisions U.S. Government direct, guaranteed, and government-sponsored enterprises Other Other Policy loans, which are secured by the underlying insurance policy values Other investments 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, state and municipal governments represented of invested assets at fair value. Such investments are made throughout the U.S. At December 31, 2022, the state and municipal bond portfolio at fair value was invested in securities issued within the following states: Texas ), California ), New York ), Michigan ), Pennsylvania ), and Ohio ). Otherwise, there was no concentration within any given state greater than 4 . 
 
 88 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 of Globe Life's invested assets. These investments are spread across a wide range of industries. 
 Electric utilities Banks Oil and natural gas pipelines Chemicals Transportation Food Telecommunications Real estate investment trusts Gas utilities 
 
 At December 31, 2022, of invested assets at fair value were represented by fixed maturities rated below investment grade. Par value of these investments was million, amortized cost was million, and fair value was million. While these investments could be subject to additional credit risk, such risk should generally be reflected in their fair value. 
 
 Securities, cash, and short-term investments held on deposit with various state and federal regulatory authorities had an amortized cost and fair value, respectively, of million and million at December 31, 2022 and million and billion at December 31, 2021. 
 89 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Commercial mortgage loan participations Other Total 

Fully redeemable and non-redeemable with varying terms. Opportunistic credit Initial year lock on each new investment/semi-annual withdrawals thereafter/full redemption within month period. 
 Infrastructure Fully redeemable and non-redeemable with varying terms. Other Total investment funds 
 
 The Company had million of capital called during the year from existing investment funds. Our unfunded commitments were million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 90 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

Multi-family Hospitality Industrial Retail Office Total recorded investment Less allowance for credit losses ) ) ) ) Carrying value, net of valuation allowance 

2022 2021 Carrying Value of Total Carrying Value of Total Geographic location: California Florida Texas New York Washington Arizona Other Total recorded investment Less allowance for credit losses ) ) ) ) Carrying value, net of valuation allowance 

91 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 70 to 80 81 to 90 Greater than 90 Total 
 (1) Annual net operating income divided by annual mortgage debt service (principal and interest). 
 (2) Loan balance divided by the fair value of the property. LTVs are generally assessed on an annual basis, or more frequently when a loan is materially underperforming, 30 days delinquent, or in technical default. 
 
 December 31, 2021 Recorded Investment Debt Service Coverage Ratios (1) 
 1.20x Total of Total Loan-to-value ratio (2) : 
 Less than 70 70 to 80 81 to 90 Greater than 90 Total 
 
 (1) Annual net operating income divided by annual mortgage debt service (principal and interest). 
 (2) Loan balance divided by the fair value of the property. LTVs are generally assessed on an annual basis, or more frequently when a loan is materially underperforming, 30 days delinquent, or in technical default. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company evaluated the commercial mortgage loan portfolio on a pool basis to determine the allowance for credit losses. At the end of the period, the Company had loans in the portfolio. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the allowance for credit losses increased by million to million. The provision for credit losses is included in "Realized gains (losses)" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations . 
 Provision (reversal) for credit losses ) Allowance for credit losses ending balance 

There were delinquent commercial mortgage loans as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had commercial mortgage loan in non-accrual status, compared to one in non-accrual status at December 31, 2021. 
 
 92 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Additions: Deferred during period: Commissions Other expenses Total deferred Value of business acquired (1) 
 Foreign exchange adjustment Adjustment attributable to unrealized investment losses (2) 
 Total additions Deductions: Amortized during period ) ) ) Foreign exchange adjustment ) ) Total deductions ) ) ) Balance at end of year 
 
 (1) Refer to Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies for the discussion on the acquisition of Globe Life Benefits. 
 . 

93 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

thousand per life. Life insurance ceded represented of total life insurance in force at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Insurance ceded on life and accident and health products represented of premium income for 2022 and 2021. The insurance affiliates of Globe Life would be liable for the reinsured risks ceded to other companies to the extent that such reinsuring companies are unable to meet their obligations. 
 
 Insurance affiliates also assume insurance risks of other external companies. Life reinsurance assumed represented and of life insurance in force at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and reinsurance assumed on life and accident and health products represented and of premium income for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Purchase Commitments : Globe Life has various long-term noncancelable purchase commitments as well as commitments to provide capital for low-income housing tax credit interests. See further discussion related to tax credits in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies. 

Investments : Globe Life is committed to invest under certain contracts related to investments in limited partnerships. See Note 4 Investments for unfunded commitment table. 

guarantee agreements which were either Parent Company guarantees of subsidiary obligations to a third party or Parent Company guarantees of obligations between wholly-owned subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2022, Globe Life had liability with respect to these guarantees. 
 
 Letters of Credit: Globe Life has guaranteed letters of credit in connection with its credit facility with a group of banks as disclosed in Note 11 Debt . The letters of credit were issued by TMK Re, Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary, to secure TMK Re, Ltd. s obligation for claims on certain policies reinsured by TMK Re, Ltd. that were assumed from other Globe Life insurance companies. These letters of credit facilitate TMK Re, Ltd. s ability to reinsure the business of Globe Life's insurance carriers. The agreement was amended on September 30, 2021 and now expires in 2026. The maximum amount of letters of credit available is 
 94 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 million from million outstanding. 
 
 Equipment leases: Globe Life has guaranteed performance of certain of its subsidiaries as lessees under aviation leasing arrangements. At December 31, 2022, total remaining undiscounted payments under the leases were approximately million. The Parent Company would be responsible for any subsidiary obligation in the event the subsidiary did not make payments or otherwise perform under the terms of the lease. 

states through their respective Departments of Revenue, and have not resulted in any financial assessment from any state nor indicated any liability. The audits are wide-ranging and seek large amounts of data regarding claims handling, procedures, and payments of contract benefits arising from unreported death claims. No estimate of range can be made at this time for loss contingencies related to possible administrative penalties or amounts that could be payable to the states for the escheatment of abandoned property. 

95 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 96 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

Incurred related to: Current year Prior years ) ) ) Total incurred Paid related to: Current year Prior years Total paid Balance at end of period 

Health insurance Total 
 
 97 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

Deferred income tax expense (benefit) Shareholders equity: Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) 
 
 In each of the years 2020 through 2022, deferred income tax expense (benefit) was incurred because of certain differences between net income before income tax expense (benefit) as reported on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and taxable income as reported on Globe Life's income tax returns. As explained in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies , these differences caused the consolidated financial statement book values of some assets and liabilities to be different from their respective tax bases. 

Increase (reduction) in income taxes resulting from: Low income housing investments ) ) ) ) ) ) Share-based awards ) ) ) ) ) ) Tax-exempt investment income ) ) ) ) ) ) Other ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) 

98 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Carryover of tax losses Total gross deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Unrealized gains Employee and agent compensation Deferred acquisition costs Future policy benefits, unearned and advance premiums, and policy claims Other liabilities Total gross deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax liability 

million net operating loss (NOL) carryforward at December 31, 2022, of which million was created prior to 2017 and will begin to expire in 2032 if not otherwise used to offset future taxable income. The remaining NOL carryforward of million may be carried forward indefinitely. A valuation allowance is to be recorded when it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets will not be realized by the Company. valuation allowance has been recorded relating to Globe Life's deferred tax assets as management has determined that Globe Life will more likely than not have sufficient taxable income in future periods to fully realize its existing deferred tax assets. 
 
 Globe Life's tax liability is adjusted to include a provision for uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. However, during the years 2020 through 2022, Globe Life did t have any uncertain tax positions which resulted in unrecognized tax benefits. 

accrued interest or penalties at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 99 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

Defined Benefit Pension Plans (2) 
 
 (1) 401K plans. 
 (2) Qualified pension plans and SERP. 
 
 Globe Life accrues expense for the defined contribution plans based on a percentage of the employees contributions. The plans are funded by the employee contributions and a Globe Life contribution equal to the amount of accrued expense. Plan contributions are both mandatory and discretionary, depending on the terms of the plan. 
 
 Pension Plans: Cost for the pension plans has been calculated on the projected unit credit actuarial cost method. All plan measurements for the pension plans are as of December 31 of the respective year. The pension plans covering the majority of employees are qualified and funded. Contributions are made to funded pension plans subject to minimums required by regulation and maximums allowed for tax purposes. 
 
 Globe Life's SERP provides an additional supplemental defined pension benefit to a limited number of officers. The supplemental benefit is based on the participant s qualified plan benefit without consideration to the regulatory limits on compensation and benefit payments applicable to qualified plans, except that eligible compensation is capped at million. The SERP is nonqualified and unfunded. However, a Rabbi Trust has been established to support the liability for this plan. The Rabbi Trust consists of life insurance policies on the lives of plan participants with an unaffiliated insurance carrier as well as an investment account. Since this plan is nonqualified, the investments and the policyholder value of the insurance policies in the Rabbi Trust are not included as defined benefit plan assets, but rather assets of the Company. They are included in Other Assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets . 
 
 Defined benefit and SERP plan contributions were million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. In 2023, the Company does not expect to increase contributions to the plans from what was contributed in 2022. 
 
 100 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

Utilities Energy Other corporates Total corporate bonds Exchange traded fund (1) 
 U.S. Government and Agency Other bonds Guaranteed annuity contract (2) 
 Short-term investments Other Other long-term investments (3) 
 Total pension assets 
 
 (1) A fund including marketable securities that mirror the S P 500 index. 
 (2) Representing a guaranteed annuity contract issued by Globe Life Inc.'s subsidiary, American Income Life Insurance Company, to fund the obligations of the American Income Life Insurance Company Collective Bargaining Agreement Employees Pension Plan. 
 (3) Included in other long-term investments is an investment fund that reports the Globe Life Inc. Pension Plan's pro-rata share of the limited partnership's net asset value per share or its equivalent (NAV), as a practical expedient for fair value. The Globe Life Inc. Pension Plan owns less than of the investment fund. As of December 31, 2022, the expected term of the investment fund is approximately years and the commitment of the investment is fully funded. The investment is non-redeemable. 
 
 101 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Utilities Energy Other corporates Total corporate bonds Exchange traded fund (1) 
 Other bonds Guaranteed annuity contract (2) 
 Short-term investments Other Other long-term investments (3) 
 Total pension assets 
 
 (1) A fund including marketable securities that mirror the S P 500 index. 
 (2) Representing a guaranteed annuity contract issued by Globe Life Inc.'s subsidiary, American Income Life Insurance Company, to fund the obligations of the American Income Life Insurance Company Collective Bargaining Agreement Employees Pension Plan. 
 of the investment fund. As of December 31, 2021, the expected term of the investment fund was approximately years and the commitment of the investment is fully funded. The investment is non-redeemable. 

102 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 of total plan assets at the time of purchase. The Company does not employ any other special risk management techniques, such as derivatives, in managing the pension investment portfolio. 
 
 Globe Life's equity securities include an exchange traded fund that mirrors the S P 500 index which better aligns with a passive approach rather than an actively managed portfolio. At December 31, 2022, there were no restricted investments contained in the portfolio. Plan contributions have been invested primarily in fixed maturity and equity securities during the three years ended December 31, 2022. 

At December 31, 2022 2021 Total investments: COLI Exchange traded funds 

SERP Benefit Obligation 

For the year-ended December 31, 2022, the pension plans have plan assets with fair values in excess of projected benefit obligations. The projected benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets were as follows: 
 At December 31, 2022 2021 Funded benefit pension plans PBO Funded benefit pension plans fair value of plan assets 

103 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Funded benefit pension plans fair value of plan assets 
 
 Rate of compensation increase For Periodic Benefit Cost for the Year: 2022 2021 2020 Discount rate Expected long-term returns Rate of compensation increase 
 
 The discount rate is determined based on the expected duration of plan liabilities. A yield is then derived based on the current market yield of a hypothetical portfolio of high quality corporate bonds that match the liability's average life. The rate of compensation increase is projected based on Company experience, modified as appropriate for future expectations. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is management s best estimate of the average rate of earnings expected to be received on the assets invested in the plan over the benefit period. In determining this assumption, consideration is given to the historical rate of return earned on the assets, the projected returns over future periods, and the discount rate used to compute benefit obligations. 

Interest cost on projected benefit obligation Expected return on assets ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost (credit) Recognition of actuarial gain (loss) Net periodic benefit cost 
 
 104 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) ) ) Amortization of: Prior service cost (credit) Net actuarial (gain) loss (1) 
 Total amortization Plan amendments ) Experience gain (loss) (2) 
 ) Balance at December 31 
 ) ) 
 (1) Includes amortization of postretirement benefits other than pensions of thousand in 2022, thousand in 2021, and thousand in 2020. 
 (2) The increase in the experience gain (loss) is related to an increase discount rate. 

Service cost Interest cost Plan amendments Actuarial loss (gain) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) PBO at end of year Changes in plan assets: Fair value at beginning of year Return on assets ) Contributions Benefits paid ) ) Fair value at end of year Funded status at year end 
 ) ) Prior service cost Net amounts recognized at year end 
 105 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 

Commitments for low-income housing interests Exchanges of fixed maturity investments Net unsettled security trades Noncash tax credits 
 
 Income taxes paid 

106 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

) Senior notes (2) 
 9/24/2012 9/15/2022 Senior notes 9/27/2018 9/15/2028 ) Senior notes 8/21/2020 8/15/2030 ) Senior notes (1) 
 5/19/2022 6/15/2032 ) Junior subordinated debentures 11/17/2017 11/17/2057 ) Junior subordinated debentures 6/14/2021 6/15/2061 ) ) Less current maturity of long-term debt ) Total long-term debt 
 ) Current maturity of long-term debt ) Commercial paper ) Total short-term debt 
 ) Total deb t 
 ) 
 (1) An additional million par value and book value is held by insurance subsidiaries that eliminates in consolidation. 
 million of Senior notes matured on September 15, 2022, of which million was owned by Globe Life affiliates. 
 
 The commercial paper has the highest priority of all the debt, followed by senior notes then junior subordinated debentures. The senior notes due 2023 are noncallable, the remaining senior notes are callable under a make-whole provision, and the junior subordinated debentures are subject to an optional redemption from issuance. Interest on the junior subordinated debentures is payable quarterly while all other long-term debt is payable semi-annually. 

107 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 million revolving credit facility that may be increased to billion upon approval of the participating banks. The amended credit facility matures September 30, 2026, and may be extended up to periods upon the Company's request. Pursuant to this agreement, the participating lenders have agreed to make revolving loans to Globe Life and to issue secured or unsecured letters of credit. The Company has not drawn on any of the credit to date. The facility is further designated as a back-up credit line for a commercial paper program under which the Company may either borrow from the credit line or issue commercial paper at any time, with total commercial paper outstanding not to exceed the facility maximum of million, less any letters of credit issued. Interest is charged at variable rates. In accordance with the agreement, Globe Life is subject to certain covenants regarding capitalization. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in full compliance with these covenants. 
 
 Commercial paper outstanding and any long-term debt due within one year are reported as short-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Annualized interest rate Letters of credit outstanding Remaining amount available under credit line 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Average balance outstanding during period Daily-weighted average interest rate (annualized) Maximum daily amount outstanding during period 

million principal amount of Senior notes due June 15, 2032, of which million is owned by Globe Life affiliates. Total proceeds received by the Parent from the issuance, net of the underwriters discount, were million. The proceeds were used to fund million of Senior notes, of which million was owned by Globe Life affiliates, that matured on September 15, 2022, as well as for the reduction of commercial paper and other general corporate purposes. 

million in FHLB common stock as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. The FHLB stock is restricted for the duration of the membership and recorded at cost (par) as required by applicable guidance. The FHLB stock is included in "Other long-term investments " in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 million, based on pledged assets with a fair value of million. As of December 31, 2022, million was outstanding with the FHLB, and was included in "Other policyholders' funds" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 108 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

) Grants of restricted stock Vesting of performance shares Issuance of common stock due to exercise of stock options Treasury stock acquired ) Retirement of treasury stock ) Balance at December 31, 2020 
 ) 2021: Grants of restricted stock Vesting of performance shares Issuance of common stock due to exercise of stock options Treasury stock acquired ) Retirement of treasury stock ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 ) 2022: Grants of restricted stock Vesting of performance shares Issuance of common stock due to exercise of stock options Treasury stock acquired ) Retirement of treasury stock ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) 
 
 There was no activity related to the preferred stock in years 2020 through 2022. 

2021 
 2020 

109 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. As of December 31, 2022, dividends from insurance subsidiaries to the Parent Company available to be paid in 2023 are limited to the amount of million without regulatory approval, such that billion was considered restricted net assets of the subsidiaries. Dividends exceeding these limitations may be available during the year pending regulatory approval. While there are no legal restrictions on the payment of dividends to shareholders from Globe Life's retained earnings, retained earnings as of December 31, 2022, were restricted by lenders covenants which require the Company to maintain and not distribute billion from its total consolidated retained earnings of billion. 

Weighted average dilutive options outstanding Diluted weighted average shares outstanding Antidilutive shares 
 
 Antidilutive shares are excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share. All antidilutive shares noted above result from outstanding out of the money employee and Director stock options. 

or terms. 
 years Employees 
 years Employees 
 years 
 
 All employee options vest immediately upon retirement on or after the attainment of age 65, upon death, or disability. Globe Life generally issues shares for the exercise of stock options from treasury stock. The Company generally uses the proceeds from option exercises to buy shares of Globe Life common stock in the open market to reduce the dilution from option exercises. 
 
 110 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Options expired and forfeited during year (1) 
 Performance shares expired and forfeited during year (2) 
 Options granted during year (1) 
 ) ) ) Restricted stock, restricted stock units, and performance shares granted (2) 
 ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 
 
 (1) Plan allows for grant of options such that each grant reduces shares available for grant in a range from share to share. 
 shares to shares . 

Tax benefit recognized 
 (1) stock-based compensation expense was capitalized in any period in accordance with applicable GAAP. 
 
 Weighted average period of expected recognition (in years) (1) 
 
 . 
 
 equity awards were cash settled during the three years ended December 31, 2022. 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

111 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Granted: -year term 
 Exercised ) ) ) Expired and forfeited ) ) ) Outstanding end of year 
 Exercisable at end of year 

Aggregate intrinsic value Exercisable options: Weighted-average remaining contractual term (in years) Aggregate intrinsic value 
 
 Selected stock option activity for the three years ended December 31, 2022, is presented below: 
 2022 2021 2020 Weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted (per share) Intrinsic value of options exercised Cash received from options exercised Actual tax benefit received 
 
 Additional information concerning Globe Life's unvested options is as follows at December 31: 
 2022 2021 Number of shares outstanding Weighted-average exercise price (per share) Weighted-average remaining contractual term (in years) Aggregate intrinsic value 
 
 Globe Life expects that substantially all unvested options will vest. 

. Restricted stock units are also available to directors. The restricted stock units vest over and are not converted to shares until the directors retirement, death, or disability. Director restricted stock and restricted stock units are generally granted on the first business day of the year. Performance shares are granted to a limited number of senior executives. Performance shares have a performance period and are not settled in shares until the certification of the 
 112 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 performance period. While the grant specifies a stated target number of shares, the determination of the actual settlement in shares will be based on the achievement of certain performance objectives of Globe Life over the performance period. Certain executive restricted stock and performance share grants contain terms related to age that could accelerate vesting. 
 
 2021 2022 
 
 February 24, 2021 2019 February 23, 2022 2020 February 22, 2023 
 
 For the 2021 and 2022 performance share grants, actual shares that could be distributed range from to thousand for the 2021 grants and to thousand shares for the 2022 grants. 
 
 Price per share Aggregate value Percent vested Directors restricted stock units (including dividend equivalents): Shares Price per share Aggregate value Percent vested Performance shares: Target shares Target price per share Aggregate value Percent vested 
 
 Time-vested restricted stockholders are entitled to dividend payments on the unvested stock. Restricted stock unit holders are entitled to dividend equivalents. These equivalents are granted in the form of additional restricted stock units and vest immediately upon grant. Dividend equivalents are applicable only to restricted stock units. Performance shareholders are not entitled to dividend equivalents and are not entitled to dividend payments until the shares are vested and settled. 
 
 113 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Grants Additional performance shares (1) 
 ) ) Restriction lapses ) ) ) ) Forfeitures ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 2021: Grants Additional performance shares (1) 
 ) ) Restriction lapses ) ) ) ) Forfeitures ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 2022: Grants Additional performance shares (1) 
 ) ) Restriction lapses ) ) ) ) Forfeitures ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 (1) Estimated additional (reduced) share grants expected due to achievement of performance criteria. 
 
 Grants Estimated additional performance shares ) Restriction lapses ) ) ) Forfeitures ) Grant-date fair value per share at December 31, 2022 

114 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

segments: life insurance, supplemental health insurance, annuities, and investments. In addition, other expenses not included in these segments are reported in "Corporate Other." 
 
 Globe Life's reportable insurance segments are based on the insurance product lines it markets and administers: life insurance, supplemental health insurance, and annuities. These major product lines are set out as reportable segments because of the common characteristics of products within these categories, comparability of margins, and the similarity in regulatory environment and management techniques. There is also an investment segment which manages the investment portfolio, debt, and cash flow for the insurance segments and the corporate function. The Company's chief operating decision makers evaluate the overall performance of the operations of the Company in accordance with these segments. 
 
 Life insurance products marketed by Globe Life include traditional whole life and term life insurance. An immaterial amount of annuities sold as companion products are included in the life segment. Health insurance products are generally guaranteed renewable and include Medicare Supplement, critical illness, accident, and limited-benefit supplemental hospital and surgical coverage. Annuities include fixed-benefit contracts. 
 
 Globe Life markets its insurance products through a number of distribution channels, each of which sells the products of one or more of Globe Life's insurance segments. Our distribution channels consist of the following exclusive agencies: American Income Life Division (American Income), Liberty National Division (Liberty National) and Family Heritage Division (Family Heritage); an independent agency, United American Division (United American); and our Direct to Consumer Division (Direct to Consumer). The following tables present segment premium revenue by each of Globe Life's distribution channels. 

Direct to Consumer Liberty National United American Family Heritage Other 
 For the Year 2021 Life Health Annuity Total Distribution Channel Amount of 
 Total 
 Amount of 
 Total 
 Amount of 
 Total 
 Amount of 
 Total 
 American Income Direct to Consumer Liberty National United American Family Heritage Other 
 115 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Direct to Consumer Liberty National United American Family Heritage Other 
 
 Due to the nature of the life insurance industry, Globe Life has no individual or group which would be considered a major customer. Substantially all of Globe Life's business is conducted in the United States. 
 
 The measure of profitability established by the chief operating decision makers for insurance segments is underwriting margin before other income and administrative expenses, in accordance with the manner the segments are managed. This measure represents gross profit margin on insurance products before insurance administrative expenses and consists primarily of premium less net policy benefits, acquisition expenses, and commissions. Required interest on net policy liabilities (benefit reserves less deferred acquisition costs) is reflected as a component of the Investment segment (rather than as a component of underwriting margin in the insurance and annuity segments) in order to match this cost with the investment income earned on the assets supporting the net policy liabilities. 
 
 The measure of profitability for the Investment segment is excess investment income, which represents the income earned on the investment portfolio in excess of net policy requirements and financing costs associated with Globe Life's debt. Other than the above-mentioned interest allocations and an intersegment commission, there are no other intersegment revenues or expenses. Expenses directly attributable to corporate operations are included in the Corporate Other category. Stock-based compensation expense is considered a corporate expense by Globe Life management and is included in this category. All other unallocated revenues and expenses on a pretax basis, including insurance administrative expense, are also included in the Corporate Other segment category. 
 
 Globe Life holds a sizable investment portfolio to support its insurance liabilities, the yield from which is used to offset policy benefit, acquisition, administrative and tax expenses. This yield or investment income is taken into account when establishing premium rates and profitability expectations of its insurance products. From time to time, investments are sold, called, or experience a credit loss event, each of which are reflected by the Company as realized gain (loss) investments. These gains or losses generally occur as a result of disposition due to issuer calls, compliance with Company investment policies, or other reasons often beyond management s control. Unlike investment income, realized gains and losses are incidental to insurance operations, and only overall yields are considered when setting premium rates or insurance product profitability expectations. While these gains and losses are not relevant to segment profitability or core operating results, they can have a material positive or negative result on net income. For these reasons, management removes realized investment gains and losses when it views its segment operations. 
 
 Management removes items that are related to prior periods when evaluating the operating results of current periods. Management also removes non-operating items unrelated to its core insurance activities when evaluating those results. Therefore, these items are excluded in its presentation of segment results because accounting guidance requires that operating segment results be presented as management views its business. With the exception of the administrative settlements noted in the paragraphs above, all of these items are included in Other operating expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the appropriate year. See additional detail below in the tables. 
 
 116 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Net investment income Other income Total revenue Expenses: Policy obligations Required interest on reserves ) ) ) Required interest on DAC ) Amortization of acquisition costs Commissions, premium taxes, and non-deferred acquisition costs Insurance administrative expense (1) 
 (2,3) Parent expense ) (3) Stock-based compensation expense Interest expense Total expenses ) Subtotal ) ) Non-operating items (2,3) Measure of segment profitability (pretax) 
 ) Realized gain (loss) investments ) Legal proceedings ) Non-operating expenses ) Income before income taxes per Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 (1) Administrative expense is not allocated to insurance segments. 
 (2) Legal proceedings. 
 (3) Non-operating expenses. 

117 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Net investment income Other income Total revenue Expenses: Policy obligations (2) Required interest on reserves ) ) ) Required interest on DAC ) Amortization of acquisition costs Commissions, premium taxes, and non-deferred acquisition costs Insurance administrative expense (1) 
 (3,4) Parent expense (4) Stock-based compensation expense Interest expense Total expenses ) Subtotal ) ) Non-operating items (2,3,4) Measure of segment profitability (pretax) 
 ) Realized gain (loss) investments Realized loss redemption of debt ) Administrative settlements ) Legal proceedings ) Non-operating expenses ) Income before income taxes per Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 (1) Administrative expense is not allocated to insurance segments. 
 (2) Administrative settlements. 
 (3) Legal proceedings. 
 (4) Non-operating expenses. 

118 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Net investment income Other income Total revenue Expenses: Policy obligations Required interest on reserves ) ) ) Required interest on DAC ) Amortization of acquisition costs Commissions, premium taxes, and non-deferred acquisition costs Insurance administrative expense (1) 
 (2,3) Parent expense (3) Stock-based compensation expense Interest expense Total expenses ) Subtotal ) ) Non-operating items (2,3) Measure of segment profitability (pretax) 
 ) Realized gain (loss) investments ) Realized loss redemption of debt ) Legal Proceedings ) Non-operating expenses ) Income before income taxes per Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 (1) Administrative expense is not allocated to insurance segments. 
 (2) Legal proceedings. 
 (3) Non-operating expenses. 

119 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

Accrued investment income Deferred acquisition costs Goodwill Other assets Total assets 

At December 31, 2021 Life Health Annuity Investment Corporate Other Consolidated Cash and invested assets Accrued investment income Deferred acquisition costs Goodwill Other assets Total assets 

120 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Globe Life Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

Unearned and advance premiums Policy claims and other benefits payable Debt Other Total liabilities 

At December 31, 2021 Life Health Annuity Investment Corporate Other Consolidated Future policy benefits Unearned and advance premiums Policy claims and other benefits payable Debt Other Total liabilities 

121 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures : Globe Life, under the direction of the Chief Executive Officers and the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, has established disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by Globe Life in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. The disclosure controls and procedures are also intended to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to Globe Life's management, including the Chief Executive Officers and the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 
 As of the end of the fiscal year completed December 31, 2022, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of Globe Life management, including the Chief Executive Officers and the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of the disclosure controls and procedures (as those terms are defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based upon their evaluation, the Chief Executive Officers and the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the date of this Form 10-K. In compliance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350), each of these officers executed a Certification included as an exhibit to this Form 10-K. 

Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting : Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Management evaluated the design and operating effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) of the Treadway Commission. Based upon their evaluation as of December 31, 2022, the Chief Executive Officers, and the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that Globe Life's internal control over financial reporting is effective as of the date of this Form 10-K. In compliance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350), each of these officers executed a Certification included as an exhibit to this Form 10-K. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting : As of the period ended December 31, 2022, there have not been any changes in Globe Life Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect this control over financial reporting subsequent to the date of their evaluation which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting. 

Refer to Deloitte Touche LLP's, independent registered public accounting firm, attestation report on the Company's internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 122 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 Management at Globe Life is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company and for assessing the effectiveness of internal control on an annual basis. As a framework for assessing internal control over financial reporting, the Company utilizes the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any internal control, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control may vary over time. 
 
 Management evaluated the Company s internal control over financial reporting, and based on its assessment, determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. The Company s independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting as stated in their report which is included herein. 
 /s/ J. Matthew Darden J. Matthew Darden Co-Chief Executive Officer /s/ Frank M. Svoboda Frank M. Svoboda Co-Chief Executive Officer /s/ Thomas P. Kalmbach Thomas P. Kalmbach Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 February 22, 2023 
 
 123 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Globe Life Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Globe Life Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 of the Company and our report dated February 22, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and financial statement schedules. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 February 22, 2023 

124 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 There were no items required. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled PROPOSAL NUMBER 1 - Election of Directors, Director Nominee Profiles, "Director Nominee Skills and Qualifications," Executive Officers, AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT, Governance Guidelines and Codes of Ethics, "Committees of the Board of Directors," Qualifications of Directors, Procedures for Director Nominations by Shareholders, and DELINQUENT SECTION 16(a) REPORTS in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held April 27, 2023 (the Proxy Statement), which is to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION - COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS, COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT, SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE, 2022 GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS, OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 2022, OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED DURING FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, PENSION BENEFITS AT DECEMBER 31, 2022, POTENTIAL PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION OR CHANGE-IN-CONTROL, "PAY VERSUS PERFORMANCE," "CEO PAY RATIO," 2022 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION, and PAYMENTS TO DIRECTORS in the Proxy Statement, which is to be filed with the SEC. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 1. Equity Compensation Plan Information as of December 31, 2022 
 (a) (b) (c) Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants, and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants, and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 6,962,374 91.73 3,177,886 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 6,962,374 91.73 3,177,886 
 2. Security ownership of certain beneficial owners: 
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the section entitled PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS in the Proxy Statement, which is to be filed with the SEC. 
 3. Security ownership of management: 
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the section entitled Stock Ownership in the Proxy Statement, which is to be filed with the SEC. 
 4. Changes in control: 
 Globe Life knows of no arrangements, including any pledges by any person of its securities, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control. 
 
 125 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled RELATED PARTY TRANSACTION POLICY AND TRANSACTIONS and Director Independence Determinations in the Proxy Statement, which is to be filed with the SEC. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the section entitled PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FIRM FEES and PRE-APPROVAL POLICY FOR ACCOUNTING FEES in the Proxy Statement, which is to be filed with the SEC. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 Index of documents filed as a part of this report: Page of this report Financial Statements: Globe Life Inc. and Subsidiaries: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 57 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 
 63 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 64 
 Schedules Supporting Financial Statements for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022: 
 II. Condensed Financial Information of Registrant (Parent Company) 
 132 
 IV. Reinsurance (Consolidated) 
 136 
 Schedules not referred to have been omitted as inapplicable or not required by Regulation S-X. 
 
 126 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit No. Description Form Filing Date Related Exhibit Page of this Report 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Globe Life Inc. 
 8-K August 8, 2019 3.2 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Globe Life Inc., as amended February 24, 2021 
 8-K February 25, 2021 3.2 4.1 Trust Indenture dated as of February 1, 1987 between Torchmark Corporation and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as Trustee 
 10-K February 27, 2018 4.1 4.2 Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 24, 2012 between Torchmark Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N. A., as Trustee, supplementing the Indenture dated February 1, 1987 
 8-K September 24, 2012 4.2 4.3 Junior Subordinated Indenture, dated November 2, 2001, between Torchmark Corporation and The Bank of New York defining the rights of the 7 3/4 Junior Subordinated Debentures 
 8-K November 2, 2001 4.3 4.4 Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 17, 2017 between Torchmark Corporation and Regions Bank, as Trustee, supplementing the Junior Subordinated Indenture dated as of November 2, 2001 
 8-K November 17, 2017 4.4 4.5 Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 14, 2021 between Globe Life Inc. and Regions Bank, as Trustee, supplementing the Junior Subordinated Indenture dated as of November 2, 2001 
 8-K June 14, 2021 4.2 4.6 Senior Indenture, dated as of September 24, 2018, between Torchmark Corporation and Regions Bank, as Trustee 
 S-3 September 24, 2018 4.1 4.7 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 27, 2018, between Torchmark Corporation and Regions Bank, as Trustee 
 8-K September 27, 2018 4.2 4.8 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 21, 2020, between Globe Life Inc. and Regions Bank, as Trustee 
 8-K August 21, 2020 4.2 4.9 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 19, 2022, between Globe Life Inc. and Regions Bank, as Trustee 
 8-K May 19, 2022 4.2 10.1 Form of Retirement Life Insurance Benefit Agreement 1,995,000 face amount limit) 
 10-K March 22, 2002 10.Z 10.2 Form of Retirement Life Insurance Benefit Agreement 495,000 face amount limit) 
 10-K March 22, 2002 10.AA 10.3 Torchmark Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 8-K January 25, 2007 10.1 10.4 Amendment No. 1 to the Torchmark Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 10-K February 29, 2008 10.53 10.5 Amendment No. 2 to the Torchmark Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 10-K February 29, 2008 10.54 10.6 Amendment Three to the Torchmark Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 10-K February 27, 2009 10.53 10.7 Amendment Four to the Torchmark Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 10-K February 27, 2020 10.10 10.8 Amendment Five to the Torchmark Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 8-K May 5, 2015 10.1 10.9 Amendment Six to the Torchmark Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 10-K March 1, 2019 10.11 10.10 Amendment Seven to the Torchmark Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 10-Q November 5, 2020 10.2 
 127 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description Form Filing Date Related Exhibit Page of this Report 10.11 Torchmark Corporation Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan, as amended and restated 
 8-K April 29, 2008 10.1 10.12 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice under Torchmark Corporation Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan 
 10-K February 29, 2008 10.58 10.13 Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of December 31, 2008 among AILIC Receivables Corporation, American Income Life Insurance Company and TMK Re, Ltd. 
 8-K January 6, 2009 10.1 10.14 Amendment No.1 to Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of December 31, 2008 among AILIC Receivables Corporation, American Income Life Insurance Company, and TMK Re, Ltd. 
 10-K February 28, 2014 10.58 10.15 Amendment No.2 to Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of December 31, 2008 among AILIC Receivables Corporation, American Income Life Insurance Company, and TMK Re, Ltd. 
 10-K March 1, 2019 10.17 10.16 Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan 
 8-K May 4, 2011 10.1 10.17 First Amendment to Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan 
 8-K April 29, 2014 10.1 10.18 Form of Ten year Stock Option under Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan 
 8-K May 4, 2011 10.4 10.19 Form of Seven year Stock Option under Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan 
 8-K May 4, 2011 10.5 10.20 Form of Seven Year Stock Option Grant Agreement under Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan, as amended with Non-Compete, Non-Solicit and Confidentiality Provisions 
 10-K February 27, 2017 10.75 10.21 Form of Ten Year Stock Option Grant Agreement under Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan, as amended with Non-Compete, Non-Solicit and Confidentiality Provisions 
 10-K February 27, 2017 10.76 10.22 Form of Seven Year Stock Option Grant Agreement (Special) under Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan, as amended with Non-Compete, Non-Solicit and Confidentiality Provisions 
 10-K February 27, 2017 10.78 10.23 Torchmark Corporation Amended 2011 Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan, effective January, 2017 
 10-K February 27, 2017 10.55 10.24 Form of Stock Option under Torchmark Corporation 2011 Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan 
 10-K February 28, 2011 10.57 10.25 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice under Torchmark Corporation 2011 Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan 
 10-K February 28, 2011 10.59 10.26 Torchmark Corporation 2018 Incentive Plan 
 8-K May 2, 2018 10.1 10.27 First Amendment to Torchmark Corporation 2018 Incentive Plan 
 10-K February 27, 2020 10.31 10.28 Amended Globe Life Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan 
 10-Q November 4, 2021 10.1 10.29 Form of Performance Share Award under Torchmark Corporation 2018 Incentive Plan 
 8-K May 2, 2018 10.3 10.30 Form of Performance Share Award under Globe Life Inc. 2018 Incentive Plan 
 10-K February 27, 2020 10.34 10.31 Form of Performance Share Award under Globe Life Inc. 2018 Incentive Plan (2021) 
 10-K February 25, 2021 10.56 10.32 Form of Performance Share Award under Globe Life Inc. 2018 In c entive Plan (2022) 
 10-K February 23, 2022 10.33 10.33 Form of Seven Year Stock Option under Globe Life Inc . 2018 Incentive Plan 
 10-K February 27, 2020 10.36 
 128 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description Form Filing Date Related Exhibit Page of this Report 10.34 Form of Seven Year Stock Option under Torchmark Corporation 2018 Incentive Plan with Non-Compete, Non-Solicit and Confidentiality Provisions 
 8-K May 2, 2018 10.5 10.35 Form of Seven Year Stock Option under Globe Life Inc. 2018 Incentive Plan with Non-Compete, Non-Solicit and Confidentiality Provisions 
 10-K February 27, 2020 10.38 10.36 Form of Seven Year Stock Option under Globe Life Inc. 2018 Incentive Plan with Non-Compete, Non-Solicit and Confidentiality Provisions (Special) 
 10-K February 27, 2020 10.39 10.37 Form of Ten Year Stock Option under Torchmark Corporation 2018 Incentive Plan 
 8-K May 2, 2018 10.6 10.38 Form of Ten Year Stock Option under Torchmark Corporation 2018 Incentive Plan with Non-Compete, Non-Solicit and Confidentiality Provisions 
 8-K May 2, 2018 10.7 10.39 Form of Stock Option under Globe Life Inc. 2018 Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan 
 10-K February 27, 2020 10.44 10.40 Form of Restricted Stock under Globe Life Inc. 2018 Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan 
 10-K February 27, 2020 10.45 10.41 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice under Globe Life Inc. 2018 Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan 
 10-K February 27, 2020 10.46 10.42 Torchmark Corporation 2019 Management Incentive Plan (effective as of January 1, 2019) 
 8-K March 4, 2019 10.1 10.43 The Globe Life Inc. Amended and Restated Pension Plan Generally Effective as of January 1, 2020 
 10-Q November 5, 2020 10.1 10.44 Globe Life Inc. Savings and Investment Plan 
 10-K February 27, 2020 10.52 10.45 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 30, 2021 among Bank of America, N.A., the Lenders party thereto, Globe Life Inc. and TMK RE, LTD. 
 8-K October 1, 2021 10.1 10.46 First Amendment to Amended and Re stated Credit Agreement dat ed January 10, 2023 among Bank of America, N.A., the Lenders party thereto, Globe Life Inc. and TMK RE, LTD. 
 10-K February 23, 2023 10.46 10.47 Form of Performance Share Award Certificate under Globe Life Inc. 2018 Incentive Plan (2023) 
 10-K February 23, 2023 10.47 10.48 Form of Seven Year Stock Option under Globe Life Inc. 2018 Incentive Plan (2023) 
 10-K February 23, 2023 10.48 10.49 Form of Seven Year Stock Option under Globe Life Inc. 2018 Incentive Plan with Non-Compete, Non-Solicit and Confidentiality Provisions (2023) 
 10-K February 23, 2023 10.49 10.50 Form of Seven Year Stock Option under Globe Life Inc. 2018 Incentive Plan with Non-Compete, Non-Solicit and Confidentiality Provisions (Special) (2023) 
 10-K February 23, 2023 10.50 10.51 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Certificate under Globe Life Inc. 2018 Incentive Plan 
 10-K February 23, 2023 10.51 10.52 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Certificate under Globe Life Inc. 2018 Incentive Plan with Non-Compete, Non-Solicit and Confidentiality Provisions 
 10-K February 23, 2023 10.52 21 Subsidiaries of the registrant 
 10-K February 23, 2023 21 131 
 23 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP 
 10-K February 23, 2023 23 24 Powers of Attorney 
 10-K February 23, 2023 24 
 129 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description Form Filing Date Related Exhibit Page of this Report 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by J. Matthew Darden 
 10-K February 23, 2023 31.1 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by Frank M. Svoboda 
 10-K February 23, 2023 31.2 31.3 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by Thomas P. Kalmbach 
 10-K February 23, 2023 31.3 32.1 Section 1350 Certification by J. Matthew Darden, Frank M. Svoboda , and Thomas P. Kalmbach 
 10-K February 23, 2023 32.1 101.INS XBRL Instance Document- the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data file because the XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 10-K February 23, 2023 101.INS 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 10-K February 23, 2023 101.SCH 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 10-K February 23, 2023 101.CAL 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 10-K February 23, 2023 
 101.LAB 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 10-K February 23, 2023 101.PRE 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 10-K February 23, 2023 101.DEF 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101). 10-K February 23, 2023 104 
 Compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 130 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 21. Subsidiaries of the Registrant: The following table lists subsidiaries of the registrant which meet the definition of significant subsidiary according to Regulation S-X: 
 Name Under Which Company Does Business State of Incorporation Distribution Channel (Division) Globe Life And Accident Insurance Company Nebraska Direct to Consumer American Income Life Insurance Company Indiana American Income Life Division Liberty National Life Insurance Company Nebraska Liberty National Division Family Heritage Life Insurance Company of America Ohio Family Heritage Division 
 
 While United American Insurance Company (Nebraska) does not qualify as a significant subsidiary in accordance with Regulation S-X, management views this subsidiary as significant to our operations. 
 
 All other exhibits required by Regulation S-K are listed as to location in the Index of documents filed as a part of this report in this report. Exhibits not referred to have been omitted as inapplicable or not required. 
 
 131 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Short-term investments Total investments Cash Investment in affiliates Due from affiliates Taxes receivable from affiliates Other assets Total assets Liabilities: Short-term debt Long-term debt Other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders equity: Preferred stock Common stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income ) Retained earnings Treasury stock ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

See Notes to Condensed Financial Statements and accompanying Report of Independent Registered 
 Public Accounting Firm. 
 132 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Realized gains (losses) ) ) Total revenue 
 General operating expenses Reimbursements from affiliates ) ) ) Interest expense Total expenses 
 Operating income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of affiliates ) ) ) Income tax expense Net operating loss before equity in earnings of affiliates ) ) ) Equity in earnings of affiliates, net of tax Net income 
 Other comprehensive income (loss): Attributable to Parent Company ) Attributable to affiliates ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 

See Notes to Condensed Financial Statements and accompanying Report of Independent Registered 
 Public Accounting Firm. 
 133 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Equity in earnings of affiliates ) ) ) Cash dividends from subsidiaries Other, net Cash provided from operations 
 Cash provided from (used for) investing activities: Net decrease (increase) in short-term investments ) ) Investment in subsidiaries ) ) ) Other long-term investments ) ) Loaned money to affiliates ) ) ) Repayments from affiliates Cash provided from (used for) investing activities 
 ) Cash provided from (used for) financing activities: Repayment of debt ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of debt Payment for debt issuance costs ) ) ) Net issuance (repayment) of commercial paper ) ) Issuance of stock Acquisitions of treasury stock ) ) ) Borrowed money from affiliate Repayments to affiliates ) ) ) Payment of dividends ) ) ) Cash provided from (used for) financing activities 
 ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash ) Cash balance at beginning of period Cash balance at end of period 

See Notes to Condensed Financial Statements and accompanying Report of Independent Registered 
 Public Accounting Firm. 
 134 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

Note B Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information 
 
 The following table summarizes non-cash transactions, which are not reflected on the Condensed Statements of Cash Flows : 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Stock-based compensation not involving cash Contribution of property to subsidiary 
 
 The following table summarizes certain amounts paid (received) during the period: Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest paid Income taxes paid (received) ) ) ) 
 
 Note C Preferred Stock 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Globe Life had thousand shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A, issued and outstanding, of which thousand shares were Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A, and thousand shares were Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A (collectively, the Series A Preferred Stock ). All issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock were held by wholly-owned insurance subsidiaries. In the event of liquidation, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock at the time outstanding would be entitled to receive a liquidating distribution out of the assets legally available to stockholders in the amount of thousand per share or million in the aggregate, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends, before any distribution is made to holders of Globe Life common stock. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock do not have any voting rights nor have rights to convert such shares into shares of any other class of Globe Life capital stock. 

See accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 135 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Premiums (2) : 
 Life insurance Health insurance Total premium For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Life insurance in force Premiums (2) : 
 Life insurance Health insurance Total premium For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 Life insurance in force Premiums (2) : 
 Life insurance Health insurance Total premium 
 (1) No amounts have been netted against ceded premium. 
 (2) Excludes policy charges of million, million, and million in each of the years 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

See accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 136 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Globe Life Inc. By: /s/ J. MATTHEW DARDEN J. Matthew Darden Co-Chief Executive Officer By: /s/ FRANK M. SVOBODA Frank M. Svoboda Co-Chief Executive Officer By: /s/ THOMAS P. KALMBACH Thomas P. Kalmbach Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer By: /s/ M. SHANE HENRIE M. Shane Henrie Corporate Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 Date: February 22, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 By: /s/ LINDA L. ADDISON By: /s/ MARILYN A. ALEXANDER Linda L. Addison Marilyn A. Alexander Director Director By: /s/ CHERYL D. ALSTON By: /s/ MARK A. BLINN Cheryl D. Alston Mark A. Blinn Director Director By: /s/ JAMES P. BRANNEN By: /s/ JANE BUCHAN James P. Brannen Jane Buchan Director Director By: By: /s/ GARY L. COLEMAN Alice S. Cho Gary L. Coleman Director Director By: /s/ LARRY M. HUTCHISON By: /s/ ROBERT W. INGRAM Larry M. Hutchison Robert W. Ingram Director Director By: /s/ STEVEN P. JOHNSON By: /s/ DARREN M. REBELEZ Steven P. Johnson Darren M. Rebelez Director Director By: By: /s/ MARY E. THIGPEN David A. Rodriguez Mary E. Thigpen Director Director 
 Date: February 22, 2023 By: /s/ THOMAS P. KALMBACH Thomas P. Kalmbach Attorney-in-fact 
 137 
 GL 2022 FORM 10-K 

<EX-10.46>
 2
 bofa-globelife2022revolv.htm
 EX-10.46

bofa-globelife2022revolv 

15630496v4 Execution Version FIRST AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT This FIRST AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Amendment ), dated as of January 10, 2023, is entered into by and among GLOBE LIFE INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), TMK RE, LTD., a Bermuda reinsurance corporation TMK ), the Lenders party hereto and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent. RECITALS A. The Borrower, TMK, the several lenders from time to time party thereto (the Lenders ), and the Administrative Agent are party to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2021 (the Credit Agreement). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment. B. The Loan Parties have requested that the Lenders amend the Credit Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth herein. STATEMENT OF AGREEMENT NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: ARTICLE I AMENDMENTS TO CREDIT AGREEMENT Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement shall hereby be amended as follows: 1.1 Composite Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text) and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined text) as set forth on Annex A hereto. 1.2 Exhibits to Credit Agreement. Exhibit C to the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and replaced in its entirety with the exhibit attached hereto as Annex B. ARTICLE II CONDITIONS OF EFFECTIVENESS 2.1 The amendments set forth in ARTICLE I shall become effective as of the date (the Amendment Effective Date when, and only when, the Administrative Agent shall have received 

15630496v4 2 counterparts of this Amendment, duly executed by the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders. ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 3.1 To induce the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Amendment, the Borrower represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders on and as of the date hereof, that: (i) it has taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment, (ii) this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and constitutes the Borrower s legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar state or federal debtor relief laws from time to time in effect which affect the enforcement of creditors rights in general and the availability of equitable remedies, (iii) no consent, approval, authorization or order of, or filing, registration or qualification with, any court or Governmental Authority or third party is required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by the Borrower of this Amendment, (iv) both before and after giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties set forth in Article V of the Credit Agreement are true and correct as of the date hereof (except for those which expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date), (v) both before and after giving effect to this Amendment, no event has occurred and is continuing which constitutes a Default or an Event of Default and (vi) the Loans are not reduced by this Amendment and are not subject to any offsets, defenses or counterclaims. ARTICLE IV ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND CONFIRMATION 4.1 The Borrower hereby confirms and agrees that, after giving effect to this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party remain in full force and effect and enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with their respective terms, as modified hereby, and shall not be discharged, diminished, limited or otherwise affected in any respect. ARTICLE V MISCELLANEOUS 5.1 Governing Law. THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF). 5.2 Loan Document. As used in the Credit Agreement, hereinafter, hereto, hereof, and words of similar import shall, unless the context otherwise requires, mean the Credit Agreement after amendment by this Amendment. Any reference to the Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents herein or in any such documents shall refer to the Credit Agreement 

15630496v4 3 and the other Loan Documents as amended hereby. This Amendment is limited to the matters expressly set forth herein, and shall not constitute or be deemed to constitute an amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of the Credit Agreement except as expressly set forth herein. This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document under the terms of the Credit Agreement. 5.3 Expenses. The Borrower shall pay all reasonable and documented fees and expenses of counsel to the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of this Amendment. 5.4 Severability. To the extent any provision of this Amendment is prohibited by or invalid under the applicable law of any jurisdiction, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity and only in any such jurisdiction, without prohibiting or invalidating such provision in any other jurisdiction or the remaining provisions of this Amendment in any jurisdiction. 5.5 Successors and Assigns. This Amendment shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the respective successors and permitted assigns of the parties hereto. 5.6 Construction. The headings of the various sections and subsections of this Amendment have been inserted for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof. 5.7 Counterparts; Integration. This Amendment may be executed and delivered via facsimile or electronic format with the same force and effect as if an original were executed and may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures hereto were upon the same instrument. The words executed, signed, signature, and words of like import in shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any Applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. This Amendment constitutes the entire contract among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. [remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO FIRST AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender By: __________________________________ Name: Glenn Schuermann Title: Vice President 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO FIRST AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender By: Name: Eva Sverdlova Title: Vice President, Portfolio Manager 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO FIRST AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT REGIONS BANK, as a Lender By: Name: William Soo Title: Director 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO FIRST AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT COMERICA BANK, as a Lender By: Name: John Smithson Title: Vice President 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO FIRST AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT KeyBank National Association, as a Lender By: Name: David Raczka Title: Senior Vice President 

15630496v4 Annex A [See attached] 

'() + , -. -/))) '() + , ExecutionConformed Version through First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2023 0123 45678 9:; (.+ +5?@' A1,B3,CDE 4=1FCG 45678 9:; (.+ +5?H( 750,000,000 AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 02G1F 2I BJ 61KG1; 

15630495v1 27112.0001115630495v4 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page -i- ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS ............................................. 128 1.01 Defined Terms ................................................................................................... 128 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions ........................................................................... 3155 1.03 Accounting Terms. ........................................................................................... 3256 1.04 Rounding .......................................................................................................... 3257 1.05 Times of Day.................................................................................................... 3257 1.06 Letter of Credit Amounts ................................................................................. 3257 1.07 Divisions .......................................................................................................... 3257 1.08 Rates ................................................................................................................. 3358 ARTICLE II THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS ........................... 33THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS .......................................... 58 2.01 Loans ................................................................................................................ 3358 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans. .................................. 3359 2.03 Letters of Credit. .............................................................................................. 3561 2.04 Swing Line Loans. ........................................................................................... 4874 2.05 Prepayments. .................................................................................................... 5177 2.06 Termination or Reduction of Commitments .................................................... 5278 2.07 Repayment of Loans. ....................................................................................... 5379 2.08 Interest.............................................................................................................. 5379 2.09 Fees .................................................................................................................. 5480 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees .................................................................... 5480 2.11 Evidence of Debt.............................................................................................. 5481 2.12 Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback. ............................... 5581 2.13 Sharing of Payments by Lenders ..................................................................... 5783 2.14 Increase in Commitments. ............................................................................... 5884 2.15 Defaulting Lenders........................................................................................... 5986 2.16 Extension of Maturity Date. ............................................................................. 6288 2.17 ESG Amendment ............................................................................................. 6490 2.18 Sustainability Coordinator ............................................................................... 6491 ARTICLE III TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY ................................ 6591 3.01 Taxes. ............................................................................................................... 6591 3.02 Illegality ........................................................................................................... 6995 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates ............................................................................ 6996 3.04 Increased Costs; Reserves on Eurodollar Rate Loans. ..................................... 7298 3.05 Compensation for Losses ............................................................................... 74100 3.06 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders. ......................................... 74100 3.07 Survival .......................................................................................................... 75101 ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS ..................... 75101 4.01 Conditions of Effective Date ......................................................................... 75101 

15630495v1 27112.0001115630495v4 TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued) Page -ii- 4.02 Conditions to all Credit Extensions ............................................................... 77103 ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES ........................................... 78104 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power; Compliance with Laws ........................ 78104 5.02 Authorization; No Contravention .................................................................. 78104 5.03 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents............................................... 79105 5.04 Binding Effect ................................................................................................ 79105 5.05 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect. ...................................... 79105 5.06 Litigation ........................................................................................................ 79106 5.07 No Default ...................................................................................................... 80106 5.08 Ownership of Property; Liens ........................................................................ 80106 5.09 Insurance ........................................................................................................ 80106 5.10 Taxes .............................................................................................................. 80106 5.11 ERISA Compliance. ....................................................................................... 80106 5.12 Subsidiaries; Equity Interests ......................................................................... 81107 5.13 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act. ........................................... 81107 5.14 Disclosure ...................................................................................................... 81108 5.15 Compliance with Laws .................................................................................. 82108 5.16 Insurance Licenses ......................................................................................... 82108 5.17 First Priority Interest ...................................................................................... 82108 5.18 OFAC; Anti-Corruptions Laws...................................................................... 82108 5.19 Covered Entities ............................................................................................. 83109 ARTICLE VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS ................................................................. 83109 6.01 Financial Statements ...................................................................................... 83109 6.02 Certificates; Other Information ...................................................................... 84110 6.03 Notices ........................................................................................................... 86112 6.04 Payment of Taxes ........................................................................................... 87113 6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc ....................................................................... 87113 6.06 Maintenance of Properties ............................................................................. 87113 6.07 Maintenance of Insurance .............................................................................. 87114 6.08 Compliance with Laws .................................................................................. 88114 6.09 Books and Records ........................................................................................ 88114 6.10 Inspection Rights ........................................................................................... 88114 6.11 Use of Proceeds.............................................................................................. 88114 6.12 Further Assurances......................................................................................... 88114 6.13 Collateral Requirements................................................................................. 89115 6.14 Conduct of Insurance Business ...................................................................... 89115 6.15 Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions .................................................................. 89115 ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS ........................................................................ 89116 7.01 Liens ............................................................................................................... 89116 

15630495v1 27112.0001115630495v4 TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued) Page -iii- 7.02 Subsidiary Indebtedness................................................................................. 90116 7.03 Acquisitions ................................................................................................... 90116 7.04 Fundamental Changes .................................................................................... 90117 7.05 Dispositions.................................................................................................... 91117 7.06 Use of Proceeds.............................................................................................. 91117 7.07 Financial Covenants. ...................................................................................... 91117 7.08 Sanctions ........................................................................................................ 91117 7.09 Anti-Corruption Laws .................................................................................... 91118 ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES .............................................. 91118 8.01 Events of Default ........................................................................................... 91118 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default .................................................................. 94120 8.03 Application of Funds...................................................................................... 95121 ARTICLE IX ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT .................................................................... 96122 9.01 Appointment and Authority. .......................................................................... 96122 9.02 Rights as a Lender .......................................................................................... 96122 9.03 Exculpatory Provisions .................................................................................. 96123 9.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent ................................................................. 97124 9.05 Delegation of Duties ...................................................................................... 98124 9.06 Resignation of Administrative Agent ............................................................ 98124 9.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders .......................... 99125 9.08 No Other Duties, Etc .................................................................................... 100126 9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim ......................................... 100126 9.10 No Other Duties, etc .................................................................................... 101127 9.11 Certain ERISA Matters. ............................................................................... 101127 9.12 Recovery of Erroneous Payments ................................................................ 102128 ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS .................................................................................. 102129 10.01 Amendments, Etc ......................................................................................... 102129 10.02 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication. ................................... 104130 10.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement........................................ 106132 10.04 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver. ....................................................... 107133 10.05 Payments Set Aside...................................................................................... 109135 10.06 Successors and Assigns; Participations. ...................................................... 109136 10.07 Confidentiality ............................................................................................. 114140 10.08 Right of Setoff.............................................................................................. 115141 10.09 Interest Rate Limitation ............................................................................... 115142 10.10 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness ...................................................... 115142 10.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties ................................................ 116143 10.12 Severability .................................................................................................. 117143 10.13 Replacement of Lenders .............................................................................. 117143 

15630495v1 27112.0001115630495v4 TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued) Page -iv- 10.14 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. ............................................................... 118144 10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial ..................................................................................... 119145 10.16 Exceptions to Covenants .............................................................................. 119146 10.17 No Strict Construction ................................................................................. 119146 10.18 USA PATRIOT Act Notice ......................................................................... 119146 10.19 Guaranty. ...................................................................................................... 119146 10.20 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility .................................................... 123150 10.21 ENTIRE AGREEMENT .............................................................................. 124151 10.22 Amendment and Restatement; No Novation ............................................... 124151 10.23 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions124151 10.24 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs .................................. 125152 

'() + , -. -/))) '() + , [C[ 64W@05N@6 /) 4B332G1=23 ?F,2D\1 A2G1I -/) 4B;;CG;1DGI 2DF ?KK3C\2 

'() + , AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT SQCI ?T@90@0 ?90 A@6S?S@0 4A@07S ?MA@@T@9S fk?E=11;1DGlg CI 1DG1=1F CDGB 2I BJ 61KG1; ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1.01 Defined Terms/ ?I :I1F CD GQCI ?E=11;1DGL GQ1 JB33BRCDE G1=;I IQ233 Q2,1 GQ1 ;12DCDEI I1G JB=GQ k?\j:CICGCBDl ;12DI GQ1 2\j:CICGCBD 

'() + , k?JJC3C2G1l ;12DIL RCGQ =1IK1\G GB 2DV 81=IBDL 2DBGQ1= 81=IBD GQ2G FC=1\G3VL B= CDFC=1\G3V GQ=B:EQ BD1 B= ;B=1 CDG1=;1FC2=C1IL 4BDG=B3I B= CI 4BDG=B331F p ?qY? Facility Fee )/)an )/.+ n Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans Letter of Credit Fee )/)n )/a. n Base Rate LoansPricing Level All-In Drawn Debt Ratings S P/Moody s 

'() + , ?Y?- PPPqYP22 )/ n / )n )/ )n )/ )n /- n ?[Y?( )/ - n r PPPYP22- )/+)n )/-)n /))n /()n - )/()n )/)n / )n )/)n k?,2C32 

'() + , 2;1DF1F J=B; GC;1 GB GC;1g 2DF 2DV BGQ1= 32RL =1E:32GCBD B= =:31 2KK3C\2 f g HB= K:=KBI1I BJ 61\GCBD (/)(f\gfCgL GQ1 JC=IG 23G1=D2GC,1 I1G JB=GQ f2g GQ1 I:; BJ> fCg S1=; 6OHA 2DF fCCg )/ an f / a fCg 02C3V 6C;K31 6OHA 2DF fCCg )/ an f / a 

'() + , F2VI 2JG1= GQ1 F2G1 BJ I:\Q DBGC\1L GQ1 P1D\Q;2=_ A1K32\1;1DG IQ233 

'() + , kP1D1JC\C23 ORD1=IQCK A1E:32GCBDl ;12DI 4HA s )/-()/ kP1D1JCG 832Dl ;12DI 2DV BJ f2g 2D k1;K3BV11 f2g GQ1 2FBKGCBD B= G2_CDE 1JJ1\G BJ 2DV 32RL =:31L =1E:32GCBD B= G=12GVL f 

'() + , \2I1 f2g 2DV kK1=IBDl B= kE=B:Kl f2I I:\Q G1=;I 2=1 :I1F CD 61\GCBDI (fFg 2DF fFg BJ GQ1 61\:=CGC1I @e\Q2DE1 ?\G BJ +( L 

'() + , RQC\Q I:\Q N1DF1= 

'() + , k4BDG=2\G:23 O f2g 2 PB==BRCDE 2DF f 

'() + , IK1\CJC1F CD GQ1 \1=GCJC\2G1 F13C,1=1F K:=I:2DG GB 61\GCBD /) f2gf,CCg/ SQ1=12JG1=L 12\Q \Q2DE1 CD GQ1 ?KK3C\2 

'() + , RCGQ =1B=E2DCi2GCBD B= 3Cj:CF2GCBD BJ CGI )) K/;/ f91R XB=_ 4CGV GC;1g BD GQ1 JCJGQ f GQg P:ICD1II 02V 2JG1= GQ1 F2G1 DBGC\1 BJ I:\Q @2=3V OKG[CD @31\GCBD CI K=B,CF1F GB GQ1 N1DF1=IL R=CGG1D DBGC\1 BJ B f g 2 F1G1=;CD2GCBD 

'() + , f-g GQ1 mBCDG 131\GCBD 

'() + , 81=IBD BJ IQ2=1I BJ \2KCG23 IGB\_ BJ fB= BGQ1= BRD1=IQCK B= K=BJCG CDG1=1IGI CDg I:\Q 81=IBDL 233 BJ GQ1 I1\:=CGC1I \BD,1=GC f2g JB= 2DV 7DG1=1IG 81=CBF RCGQ =1IK1\G GB 2 @:=BFB332= A2G1 NB2DL GQ1 =2G1 K1= 2DD:; 1j:23 GB GQ1 NBDFBD 7DG1= )) 2/;/L NBDFBD GC;1L GRB NBDFBD P2D_CDE 02VI K=CB= GB 

'() + , GQ1 \B;;1D\1;1DG BJ I:\Q 7DG1=1IG 81=CBFL JB= 0B332= F1KBICGI fJB= F13C,1=V BD GQ1 JC=IG F2V BJ I:\Q 7DG1=1IG 81=CBFg RCGQ 2 G1=; 1j:C,231DG GB I:\Q 7DG1=1IG 81=CBFc f )) 2/;/L NBDFBD GC;1 F1G1=;CD1F GRB NBDFBD P2D_CDE 02VI K=CB= GB I:\Q F2G1 JB= 0B332= F1KBICGI RCGQ 2 G1=; BJ BD1 ;BDGQ \B;;1D\CDE GQ2G F2Vc 2DF f\g CJ GQ1 @:=BFB332= A2G1 IQ233 

'() + , JB=GQ CD \32:I1I f2gL 2DF f 

'() + , kH=BDGCDE P2D_l ;12DI f2g CD GQ1 \2I1 BJ H=BDG1F N1GG1=I BJ 4=1FCGL 2DV N1DF1= RQC\Q Q2I 2E=11F 2G GQ1 PB==BR1=dI =1j:1IG f2DF RCGQ DBGC\1 GB GQ1 ?F;CDCIG=2GC,1 ?E1DGg GB CII:1 BD1 B= ;B=1 H=BDG1F N1GG1=I BJ 4=1FCG fB= H=BDG1F N1GG1=I BJ 4=1FCG :K GB 2 ;2eC;:; IG2G1F 2;B:DGg B= 2DV I:\\1IIB= J=BDGCDE 

'() + , \2KCG23L 1j:CGV \2KCG23 B= 2DV BGQ1= JCD2D\C23 IG2G1;1DG \BDFCGCBD B= 3Cj:CFCGV B= 31,13 BJ CD\B;1 B= \2IQ J3BR BJ GQ1 K=C;2=V B f2g 233 B 

'() + , f 

'() + , k7DG1=1IG 82V;1DG 02G1l ;12DIL f2g 2I GB 2DV NB2D BGQ1= GQ2D 2 P2I1 A2G1 NB2DL GQ1 32IG F2V BJ 12\Q 7DG1=1IG 81=CBF 2KK3C\2 f2g GQ1 7DG1=1IG 81=CBF IQ233 \B;;1D\1 BD GQ1 F2G1 BJ 2F,2D\1 BJ B= \BD,1=ICBD GB 2DV @:=BFB332= A2G1 NB2D 2DFL CD GQ1 \2I1 BJ C;;1FC2G13V I:\\1IIC,1 7DG1=1IG 81=CBFIL 12\Q I:\\1IIC,1 7DG1=1IG 81=CBF IQ233 \B;;1D\1 BD GQ1 F2G1 BD RQC\Q GQ1 C;;1FC2G13V K=1\1FCDE 7DG1=1IG 81=CBF 1eKC=1Ic f 

'() + , k768l ;12DIL RCGQ =1IK1\G GB 2DV N1GG1= BJ 4=1FCGL GQ1 7DG1=D2GCBD23 6G2DF 

'() + , kNY4 O 

'() + , K=1J1=1DGC23 2==2DE1;1DG CD GQ1 D2G:=1 BJ 2 I1\:=CGV CDG1=1IG BJ 2DV _CDF B= D2G:=1 RQ2GIB1,1= fCD\3:FCDE 2DV \BDFCGCBD23 I231 B= BGQ1= GCG31 =1G1DGCBD 2E=11;1DGL 2DV 12I1;1DGL =CEQG BJ R2V B= BGQ1= 1D\:; 

'() + , 1JJ1\G :KBD GQ1 31E23CGVL ,23CFCGVL 

'() + , kOH?4l ;12DI GQ1 OJJC\1 BJ HB=1CED ?II1GI 4BDG=B3 BJ GQ1 5DCG1F 6G2G1I 01K2=G;1DG BJ GQ1 S=12I:=V/ kO=E2DCi2GCBD 0B\:;1DGIl ;12DIL f2g RCGQ =1IK1\G GB 2DV \B=KB=2GCBDL GQ1 \1=GCJC\2G1 B= 2=GC\31I BJ CD\B=KB=2GCBD 2DF GQ1 

'() + , k82=GC\CK2GCDE P2D_l ;12DIL J=B; GC;1 GB GC;1L RCGQ =1IK1\G GB 2DV 61,1=23 N1GG1= BJ 4=1FCGL 2 N1DF1= GQ2G CI :D2 

'() + , k832GJB=;l Q2I GQ1 ;12DCDE IK1\CJC1F CD 61\GCBD '/)-/ k8=C;1 A2G1l ;12DIL 2G 2DV GC;1L GQ1 =2G1 BJ CDG1=1IG K1= 2DD:; K: 

'() + , 01J2:3GCDE N1DF1= IQ233 

'() + , k61\:=1F NY4 O 

'() + , RQC\QL CD 3CEQG BJ 233 GQ1 J2\GI 2DF \C=\:;IG2D\1I 1eCIGCDE 2G I:\Q GC;1L =1K=1I1DGI GQ1 2;B:DG GQ2G \2D =12IBD2 

'() + , G1=;CD2GCBD ,23:1fIg F1G1=;CD1F CD 2\\B=F2D\1 GQ1=1RCGQL I:\Q G1=;CD2GCBD ,23:1fIgL 2DF f 

'() + , \B==1IKBDFI 1j:233V GB GRB ?,2C32 f2g JB= 2DV 7DG1=1IG 81=CBF RCGQ =1IK1\G GB 2 S1=; 6OHA NB2DL GQ1 =2G1 K1= 2DD:; 1j:23 GB GQ1 S1=; 6OHA 6\=11D A2G1 GRB f-g 5/6/ MB,1=D;1DG 61\:=CGC1I P:ICD1II 02VI K=CB= GB GQ1 \B;;1D\1;1DG BJ I:\Q 7DG1=1IG 81=CBF RCGQ 2 G1=; 1j:C,231DG GB I:\Q 7DG1=1IG 81=CBFc K=B,CF1F GQ2G CJ GQ1 =2G1 CI DBG K: )) 2/;/ BD I:\Q F1G1=;CD2GCBD F2G1 GQ1D S1=; 6OHA ;12DI GQ1 S1=; 6OHA 6\=11D A2G1 BD GQ1 JC=IG 5/6/ MB,1=D;1DG 61\:=CGC1I P:ICD1II 02V C;;1FC2G13V K=CB= GQ1=1GBL CD 12\Q \2I1L plus GQ1 6OHA ?Fm:IG;1DG JB= I:\Q 7DG1=1IG 81=CBFc 2DF f 

'() + , k5DCG1F 6G2G1Il 2DF k5/6/l ;12D GQ1 5DCG1F 6G2G1I BJ ?;1=C\2/ k5D=1C; 

'() + , :DF1= CG B= GB I:IK1DF 2DV B f2g SQ1 F1JCDCGCBDI BJ G1=;I Q1=1CD IQ233 2KK3V 1j:233V GB GQ1 ICDE:32= 2DF K3:=23 JB=;I BJ GQ1 G1=;I F1JCD1F/ ZQ1D1,1= GQ1 \BDG1eG ;2V =1j:C=1L 2DV K=BDB:D IQ233 CD\3:F1 GQ1 \B==1IKBDFCDE ;2I\:3CD1L J1;CDCD1 2DF D1:G1= JB=;I/ SQ1 RB=FI kCD\3:F1Ll kCD\3:F1Il 2DF kCD\3:FCDEl IQ233 

'() + , 1.03 Accounting Terms/ f2g M1D1=233V/ ?33 2\\B:DGCDE G1=;I DBG IK1\CJC\233V B= \B;K31G13V F1JCD1F Q1=1CD IQ233 

'() + , 1.07 Divisions. Any reference herein to a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a division of or by a limited liability company, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company (or the unwinding of such a division or allocation), as if it were a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any division of a limited liability company shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each division of any limited liability company that is a Subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entityg. 1.08 Rates/ SQ1 ?F;CDCIG=2GC,1 ?E1DG FB1I DBG R2==2DGL DB= 2\\1KG =1IKBDIC 

'() + , O:GIG2DFCDE ?;B:DG BJ 233 NY4 O )) 2/;/ fCg GQ=11GRB f(-g P:ICD1II 02VI K=CB= GB GQ1 =1j:1IG1F F2G1 BJ 2DV A1,B3,CDE PB==BRCDE BJL \BD,1=ICBD GB B= \BDGCD:2GCBD BJ @:=BFB332= A2G1S1=; 6OHA NB2DI B= BJ 2DV \BD,1=ICBD BJ @:=BFB332= A2G1S1=; 6OHA NB2DI GB P2I1 A2G1 NB2DIL 2DF fCCg BD GQ1 P:ICD1II 02V=1j:1IG1F F2G1 BJ 2DV A1,B3,CDE PB==BRCDE BJ P2I1 A2G1 NB2DI/c K=B,CF1FL QBR1,1=L GQ2G CJ GQ1 PB==BR1= RCIQ1I GB =1j:1IG S1=; 6OHA NB2DI Q2,CDE 2D 7DG1=1IG 81=CBF BGQ1= GQ2D BD1L GQ=11 B= ICe ;BDGQI CD F:=2GCBD 2I K=B,CF1F CD GQ1 F1JCDCGCBD BJ k7DG1=1IG 81=CBFLl GQ1 2KK3C\2 )) 2/;/ JB:= P:ICD1II 02VI K=CB= GB GQ1 =1j:1IG1F F2G1 BJ I:\Q A1,B3,CDE PB==BRCDEL \BD,1=ICBD B= \BDGCD:2GCBDL RQ1=1:KBD GQ1 ?F;CDCIG=2GC,1 ?E1DG IQ233 EC,1 K=B;KG DBGC\1 GB GQ1 N1DF1=I BJ I:\Q =1j:1IG 2DF F1G1=;CD1 RQ1GQ1= GQ1 =1j:1IG1F 7DG1=1IG 81=CBF CI 2\\1KG2 )) 2/;/L GQ=11 P:ICD1II 02VI 

'() + , 2 \BD,1=ICBD B= \BDGCD:2GCBDL GQ1D GQ1 2KK3C\2 )) K/;/ BD GQ1 P:ICD1II 02V IK1\CJC1F CD GQ1 2KK3C\2 

'() + , =1JCD2D\CDEL 1eG1DICBDL 3B2D ;BFCJC\2GCBD B= IC;C32= G=2DI2\GCBD K1=;CGG1F 

'() + , GQ1 O:GIG2DFCDE ?;B:DG BJ 233 NY4 O f?g I: f?g 2DV B=F1=L m:FE;1DG B= F1\=11 BJ 2DV MB,1=D;1DG23 ?:GQB=CGV B= 2= 

'() + , \2KCG23 =1j:C=1;1DG fJB= RQC\Q I:\Q 81=IBD CI DBG BGQ1=RCI1 \B;K1DI2G1F Q1=1:DF1=g DBG CD 1JJ1\G BD GQ1 @JJ1\GC,1 02G1L B= IQ233 C;KBI1 :KBD I:\Q 81=IBD 2DV :D=1C; 

'() + , f,Cg SQ1 NY4 ?F;CDCIG=2GB= CI Q1=1 

'() + , ?KK3C\2GCBD ;:IG )) 2/;/ 2G 312IG GRB f-g P:ICD1II 02VI fB= I:\Q 32G1= F2G1 2DF GC;1 2I GQ1 ?F;CDCIG=2GC,1 ?E1DG 2DF GQ1 ?KK3C\2 f?g GQ1 D2;1 BJ GQ1 2\\B:DG K2=GVL RQC\Q IQ233 

'() + , :D\BDFCGCBD233V 2E=11I GBL K:=\Q2I1 J=B; GQ1 CII:CDE H=BDGCDE P2D_ 2 =CI_ K2=GC\CK2GCBD CD I:\Q H=BDG1F N1GG1= BJ 4=1FCG CD 2D 2;B:DG 1j:23 GB GQ1 K=BF:\G BJ I:\Q N1DF1=dI ?KK3C\2 

'() + , f\g 0=2RCDEI 2DF A1C; )) 2/;/ BD GQ1 F2G1 BJ 2DV K2V;1DG )) K/;/ BD GQ1 WBDB= 02G1 IK1\CJC1F CD I:\Q DBGC\1 )) K/;/ BD GQ1 NY4 ?F,2D\1 02G1L GQ1 ?F;CDCIG=2GC,1 ?E1DG IQ233 DBGCJV GQ1 NY4 ?F;CDCIG=2GB= 2DF GQ1 NY4 ?F;CDCIG=2GB= IQ233 K=B;KG3V ;2_1 I:\Q J:DFI 2,2C32 f?g 2JG1= ->)) K/;/ BD GQ1 NY4 ?F,2D\1 02G1L GQ1 NY4 ?F;CDCIG=2GB= IQ233 ;2_1 I:\Q J:DFI 2,2C32 )) K/;/ BD 2DV P:ICD1II 02V 2JG1= GQ1 NY4 ?F,2D\1 02G1L GQ1 NY4 

'() + , ?F;CDCIG=2GB= IQ233 ;2_1 I:\Q J:DFI 2,2C32 )) K/;/ BD 2DV P:ICD1II 02V 2JG1= GQ1 NY4 ?F,2D\1 02G1L GQ1 NY4 ?F;CDCIG=2GB= IQ233 ;2_1 I:\Q J:DFI 2,2C32 

'() + , IQ233 DBG 

'() + , BGQ1=RCI1L CD\3:FCDE K=B\11FI BJ 42IQ 4B332G1=23 2KK3C1F GQ1=1GB fCg 2DV 32\_ BJ ,23CFCGV B= 1DJB=\12 

'() + , 3Cj:CF2GB=L =1\1C,1= B= BGQ1= =1K=1I1DG2GC,1 BJ B= I:\\1IIB= GB 2DV 

'() + , GQ1 JB=1EBCDEL GQ1 ?KK3C\2 

'() + , I1\:=CGV CDG1=1IG CD 233 I:\Q \2IQL F1KBICG 2\\B:DGI 2DF 233 

'() + , 2;1DF;1DG 2DF BGQ1= K=B\1IICDE J11IL 2DF BGQ1= IG2DF2=F \BIGI 2DF \Q2=E1IL BJ GQ1 ?KK3C\2 

'() + , BJ 4=1FCGl 233 2I I1G JB=GQ BD I:\Q I\Q1F:31 2DF fPg IQ233 \BDIGCG:G1 2 k61,1=23 N1GG1= BJ 4=1FCGl JB= 233 K:=KBI1I Q1=1BJ 2DF fCCg 12\Q BJ GQ1 @eCIGCDE N1GG1=I BJ 4=1FCG F1I\=C )) K/;/ BD GQ1 =1j:1IG1F 

'() + , NCD1 N1DF1= 2DF GQ1 ?F;CDCIG=2GC,1 ?E1DG BJ 2 R=CGG1D 6RCDE NCD1 NB2D 9BGC\1L 2KK=BK=C2G13V \B;K31G1F 2DF ICED1F )) K/;/ BD GQ1 F2G1 BJ GQ1 K=BKBI1F 6RCDE NCD1 PB==BRCDE f?g FC=1\GCDE GQ1 6RCDE NCD1 N1DF1= DBG GB ;2_1 I:\Q 6RCDE NCD1 NB2D 2I 2 =1I:3G BJ GQ1 3C;CG2GCBDI I1G JB=GQ CD GQ1 K=B,CIB GB GQ1 JC=IG I1DG1D\1 BJ 61\GCBD -/) f2gL B= fPg GQ2G BD1 B= ;B=1 BJ GQ1 2KK3C\2 )) K/;/ BD GQ1 )) K/;/ BD GQ1 F2V IK1\CJC1F CD I:\Q NB2D 9BGC\1L RQ1=1:KBDL I: 

'() + , GQ1 ?F;CDCIG=2GC,1 ?E1DG JB= GQ1 2\\B:DG BJ GQ1 6RCDE NCD1 N1DF1= K:=I:2DG GB 61\GCBD -/) f\gfCg IQ233 

'() + , I:\Q F1;2DF :KBD GQ1 =1j:1IG BJ GQ1 6RCDE NCD1 N1DF1=/ SQ1 B )) 2/;/ f?g GQ=11GRB f(-g P:ICD1II 02VI K=CB= GB 2DV F2G1 BJ K=1K2V;1DG BJ @:=BFB332= A2G1S1=; 6OHA NB2DI 2DF fPg BD GQ1 F2G1 BJ K=1K2V;1DG BJ P2I1 A2G1 NB2DIc fCCg 2DV K=1K2V;1DG BJ @:=BFB332= A2G1S1=; 6OHA NB2DI IQ233 

'() + , K:=I:2DG GB 61\GCBD (/) / @2\Q I:\Q K=1K2V;1DG IQ233 )) K/;/ BD GQ1 F2G1 BJ GQ1 K=1K2V;1DGL 2DF fCCg 2DV I:\Q K=1K2V;1DG IQ233 )) 2/;/ JC,1 f g P:ICD1II 02VI K=CB= GB GQ1 F2G1 BJ G1=;CD2GCBD B= =1F:\GCBDL fCCg 2DV I:\Q K2=GC23 =1F:\GCBD IQ233 

'() + , 2.08 Interest/ f2g 6: f2g H2\C3CGV H11/ SQ1 PB==BR1= IQ233 K2V GB GQ1 ?F;CDCIG=2GC,1 ?E1DG JB= GQ1 2\\B:DG BJ 12\Q N1DF1= CD 2\\B=F2D\1 RCGQ CGI ?KK3C\2 

'() + , Q2,1 G1=;CD2G1FL BD GQ1 O:GIG2DFCDE ?;B:DG BJ 233 A1,B3,CDE NB2DIL 6RCDE NCD1 NB2DI 2DF NY4 O 

'() + , 2\\B:DGI 2DF =1\B=FI ;2CDG2CD1F )) K/;/ BD GQ1 F2G1 IK1\CJC1F Q1=1CD/ SQ1 ?F;CDCIG=2GC,1 ?E1DG RC33 K=B;KG3V FCIG=C )) K/;/L IQ233 )) DBBD BD GQ1 F2G1 BJ I:\Q A1,B3,CDE PB==BRCDEg GQ2G I:\Q N1DF1= RC33 DBG ;2_1 2,2C32 

'() + , ?E1DG JB=GQRCGQ BD F1;2DF I:\Q \B==1IKBDFCDE 2;B:DG CD C;;1FC2G13V 2,2C32 

'() + , @eG1DICBD I1G JB=GQ CD ?=GC\31 7` 2=1 DBG I2GCIJC1F B= R2C,1F CD 2\\B=F2D\1 RCGQ GQ1 G1=;I Q1=1BJL GQ1 ?F;CDCIG=2GC,1 ?E1DG IQ233 =1G:=D I:\Q J:DFI fCD 3C_1 J:DFI 2I =1\1C,1F J=B; I:\Q N1DF1=g GB I:\Q N1DF1=L RCGQB:G CDG1=1IG/ f1g O fCg CJ 2DV I:\Q K2=GC\CK2GCBDI B= I: 

'() + , GB 2DV 2IICED11 B= K2=GC\CK2DGL BGQ1= GQ2D 2D 2IICED;1DG GB GQ1 PB==BR1= B= 2DV 6: 

'() + , =1IB3:GCBDI 2FBKG1F 

'() + , f2g Z2C,1=I 2DF ?;1DF;1DGI/ 6:\Q 01J2:3GCDE N1DF1=dI =CEQG GB 2KK=B,1 B= FCI2KK=B,1 2DV 2;1DF;1DGL R2C,1= B= \BDI1DG RCGQ =1IK1\G GB GQCI ?E=11;1DG IQ233 JC=IGL GB GQ1 K2V;1DG BD 2 K=B =2G2 

'() + , B= GB KBIG 42IQ 4B332G1=23 K:=I:2DG GB GQCI 61\GCBD -/ f 

'() + , 6RCDE NCD1 NB2DI CD 2D 2;B:DG BJ 233 H=BDGCDE @eKBI:=1 RCGQ =1IK1\G GB GQ1 6RCDE NCD1 N1DF1= JB= RQC\Q 42IQ 4B332G1=23Ci2GCBD B= BGQ1= \=1FCG I:KKB=G 2\\1KG2 

'() + , f fCg DB 01J2:3G B= @,1DG BJ 01J2:3G IQ233 Q2,1 B\\:==1F 2DF 

'() + , fCCg GQ1 =1K=1I1DG2GCBDI 2DF R2==2DGC1I \BDG2CD1F CD ?=GC\31 ` IQ233 

'() + , A2G1 JB= @:=BFB332= A2G1S1=; 6OHA NB2DI B= ?KK3C\2 

'() + , B= 2G GQ1 BKGCBD BJ GQ1 ?F;CDCIG=2GC,1 ?E1DG GC;13V =1C; 

'() + , RCGQQB3FCDE B= 2G 2 =1F:\1F =2G1 BJ RCGQQB3FCDE/ 7D 2FFCGCBDL 2DV N1DF1=L CJ =12IBD2 f?g 2DV N1DF1= GQ2G CI 2 5/6/ 81=IBD IQ233 F13C,1= GB GQ1 PB==BR1= 2DF GQ1 ?F;CDCIG=2GC,1 ?E1DG BD B= K=CB= GB GQ1 F2G1 BD RQC\Q I:\Q N1DF1= f g CD GQ1 \2I1 BJ 2 HB=1CED N1DF1= \32C;CDE GQ1 

'() + , 61\GCBD aa f\g BJ GQ1 4BF1L feg 2 \1=GCJC\2G1 I: 

'() + , N1DF1=dI B 

'() + , @:=BFB332= A2G1S1=; 6OHA NB2DI B= GB \BD,1=G P2I1 A2G1 NB2DI GB @:=BFB332= A2G1S1=; 6OHA NB2DI IQ233 

'() + , affected Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans or Interest Periods), and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent fB=L CD GQ1 \2I1 BJ 2 F1G1=;CD2GCBD f 

'() + , K: )) K/;/ BD GQ1 JCJGQ f GQg P:ICD1II 02V 2JG1= GQ1 F2G1 DBGC\1 BJ I:\Q 

'() + , P1D\Q;2=_ A1K32\1;1DG CI K=B,CF1F GB GQ1 N1DF1=I RCGQB:G 2DV 2;1DF;1DG GBL B= J:=GQ1= 2\GCBD B= \BDI1DG BJ 2DV BGQ1= K2=GV GBL GQCI ?E=11;1DG B= 2DV BGQ1= NB2D 0B\:;1DG IB 3BDE 2I GQ1 ?F;CDCIG=2GC,1 ?E1DG Q2I DBG =1\1C,1FL 

'() + , 2E1DG1F CD GQ1 :DCG1F 6G2G1I JB= I:\Q )) K/;/ BD GQ1 JCJGQ P:ICD1II 02V 2JG1= GQ1 ?F;CDCIG=2GC,1 ?E1DG IQ233 Q2,1 KBIG1F I:\Q K=BKBI1F 2;1DF;1DG GB 233 N1DF1=I 2DF GQ1 PB==BR1= :D31IIL K=CB= GB I:\Q GC;1L N1DF1=I \B;K=CICDE GQ1 A1j:C=1F N1DF1=I Q2,1 F13C,1=1F GB GQ1 ?F;CDCIG=2GC,1 ?E1DG R=CGG1D DBGC\1 GQ2G I:\Q A1j:C=1F N1DF1=I B 

'() + , f,Cg ?G 2DV GC;1 fCD\3:FCDE CD \BDD1\GCBD RCGQ GQ1 C;K31;1DG2GCBD BJ 2 P1D\Q;2=_ A1K32\1;1DGgL f?g CJ GQ1 GQ1D[\:==1DG P1D\Q;2=_ CI 2 G1=; =2G1 fCD\3:FCDE S1=; 6OHA B= N7POAgL GQ1D GQ1 ?F;CDCIG=2GC,1 ?E1DG ;2V =1;B,1 2DV G1DB= BJ I:\Q P1D\Q;2=_ GQ2G CI :D2,2C32 fCg C;KBI1L ;BFCJV B= F11; 2KK3C\2 

'() + , =2G1 BJ =1G:=D BD I:\Q N1DF1=dI B= I:\Q H=BDGCDE P2D_dI \2KCG23 B= BD GQ1 \2KCG23 BJ I:\Q N1DF1=dI B= I:\Q H=BDGCDE P2D_dI QB3FCDE \B;K2DVL CJ 2DVL 2I 2 \BDI1j:1D\1 BJ GQCI ?E=11;1DGL GQ1 4B;;CG;1DGI BJ I:\Q N1DF1= B= GQ1 NB2DI ;2F1 

'() + , N1DF1= J2C3I GB EC,1 DBGC\1 F2VI K=CB= GB GQ1 =131,2DG 7DG1=1IG 82V;1DG 02G1L I:\Q 2FFCGCBD23 CDG1=1IG IQ233 f2g 2DV \BDGCD:2GCBDL \BD,1=ICBDL K2V;1DG B= K=1K2V;1DG BJ 2DV NB2D BGQ1= GQ2D 2 P2I1 A2G1 NB2D BD 2 F2V BGQ1= GQ2D GQ1 32IG F2V BJ GQ1 7DG1=1IG 81=CBF JB= I:\Q NB2D fRQ1GQ1= ,B3:DG2=VL ;2DF2GB=VL 2:GB;2GC\L 

'() + , B= 2DV MB,1=D;1DG23 ?:GQB=CGV JB= GQ1 2\\B:DG BJ 2DV N1DF1= K:=I:2DG GB 61\GCBD (/) L B= fCCCg 2DV N1DF1= GQ2G R2I 2D 9?74 ?KK=B,1F P2D_ BD GQ1 F2G1 CG f2g SQ1 ?F;CDCIG=2GC,1 ?E1DGdI =1\1CKG BJ GQ1 JB33BRCDEL 12\Q BJ RQC\Q IQ233 fCg 1e1\:G1F \B:DG1=K2=GI BJ GQCI ?E=11;1DGL CD I:\Q D:; 

'() + , fP1=;:F2g NC;CG1FL IK1\C23 P1=;:F2 \B:DI13 GB STU 2DF f0g 2 J2,B=2 

'() + , f\g 5D31II R2C,1F f2g SQ1 @JJ1\GC,1 02G1 IQ233 Q2,1 B\\:==1F/ 

'() + , f 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power; Compliance with Laws/ @2\Q NB2D 82=GV 2DF 12\Q BJ GQ1 6CEDCJC\2DG 6: 

'() + , =1J1==1F GB CD \32:I1 f 

'() + , =1I:3GI BJ BK1=2GCBDI JB= GQ1 K1=CBF \B,1=1F GQ1=1 

'() + , 5.11 ERISA Compliance/ f2g @2\Q 832D CI CD \B;K3C2D\1 CD 233 ;2G1=C23 =1IK1\GI RCGQ GQ1 2KK3C\2 

'() + , ;12DCDE BJ A1E:32GCBD 5 CII:1F 

'() + , 02G1L DBD1 BJ GQ1 7DI:=2D\1 6: 6.01 Financial Statements/ 013C,1= GB GQ1 ?F;CDCIG=2GC,1 ?E1DG 2DF 12\Q N1DF1=L CD JB=; 2DF F1G2C3 I2GCIJ2\GB=V GB GQ1 ?F;CDCIG=2GC,1 ?E1DG 2DF GQ1 A1j:C=1F N1DF1=I> f2g 2I IBBD 2I 2,2C32 

'() + , GB f2g \BD\:==1DG3V RCGQ GQ1 F13C,1=V BJ GQ1 JCD2D\C23 IG2G1;1DGI =1J1==1F GB CD 61\GCBDI '/) f2g 2DF f 

'() + , fFg K=B;KG3V 2JG1= GQ1 J:=DCIQCDE GQ1=1BJL \BKC1I BJ 2DV IG2G1;1DG B= =1KB=G J:=DCIQ1F GB 2DV QB3F1= BJ F1 

'() + , T2=_1G `23:1 2I 2G GQ1 32IG P:ICD1II 02V BJ GQ1 \231DF2= ;BDGQ JB= RQC\Q I:\Q =1KB=G B= PB==BRCDE P2I1 41=GCJC\2G1 CI fCg GQ1 PB==BR1= IQ233 F13C,1= K2K1= \BKC1I BJ I:\Q FB\:;1DGI GB GQ1 ?F;CDCIG=2GC,1 ?E1DG B= 2DV N1DF1= GQ2G =1j:1IGI GQ1 PB==BR1= GB F13C,1= I:\Q K2K1= \BKC1I :DGC3 2 R=CGG1D =1j:1IG GB \12I1 F13C,1=CDE K2K1= \BKC1I CI EC,1D 

'() + , k85PN74Ll GQ1 PB==BR1= IQ233 f2g BJ GQ1 B\\:==1D\1 BJ 2DV 01J2:3Gc f 

'() + , 6.04 Payment of Taxes/ 82V 2DF FCI\Q2=E1 2I GQ1 I2;1 IQ233 

'() + , 2\\B:DG2DGIL 233 2G I:\Q =12IBD2 

'() + , GC;1 2DF J=B; GC;1 GB GC;1 7.01 Liens/ SQ1 PB==BR1= IQ233 DBGL DB= IQ233 CG K1=;CG 2DV 6: f2g NC1DI K:=I:2DG GB 2DV NB2D 0B\:;1DGL f 

'() + , 2;1DF;1DGI GQ1=1BJ fK=B,CF1F GQ2G I:\Q 7DF1 f2g ?DV 6: 

'() + , 7.07 Financial Covenants/ f2g 4BDIB3CF2G1F 91G ZB=GQ/ SQ1 PB==BR1= RC33 ;2CDG2CD 2G 233 GC;1I 4BDIB3CF2G1F 91G ZB=GQ 1j:23 GB DBG 31II GQ2D GQ1 I:; BJ fCg o L)))L)))L)))L K3:I fCCg )n BJ GQ1 91G 8=B\11FI =1\1C,1F f2g 9BD[82V;1DG/ ?DV NB2D 82=GV J2C3I GB K2V fCg RQ1D 2DF 2I =1j:C=1F GB 

'() + , f\g OGQ1= 01J2:3GI/ SQ1 PB==BR1= B= 2DV 6: 

'() + , \BDI1DG BJ I:\Q 81=IBD 2DF \BDGCD:1I :DFCI;CII1F B= :DIG2V1F JB= ') \231DF2= F2VIL B= 2D B=F1= JB= =13C1J CI 1DG1=1F CD 2DV I:\Q K=B\11FCDEc B= fEg 7D2 

'() + , PB==BR1= F1DC1I GQ2G CG Q2I 2DV J:=GQ1= 3C2 f2g F1\32=1 GQ1 \B;;CG;1DG BJ 12\Q N1DF1= GB ;2_1 NB2DI 2DF 2DV B 

'() + , K=B,CF1FL QBR1,1=L GQ2G :KBD GQ1 B\\:==1D\1 BJ 2D 2\G:23 B= F11;1F 1DG=V BJ 2D B=F1= JB= =13C1J RCGQ =1IK1\G GB 2DV NB2D 82=GV :DF1= GQ1 P2D_=:KG\V 4BF1 BJ GQ1 5DCG1F 6G2G1IL GQ1 B HC=IGL GB K2V;1DG BJ GQ2G KB=GCBD BJ GQ1 O 

'() + , N2IGL GQ1 f2g IQ233 DBG 

'() + , f 

'() + , 

'() + , GQ1 =CEQGIL KBR1=IL K=C,C31E1I 2DF F:GC1I BJ GQ1 =1GC=CDE fB= =1GC=1Fg ?F;CDCIG=2GC,1 ?E1DGL 2DF GQ1 =1GC=CDE ?F;CDCIG=2GC,1 ?E1DG IQ233 

'() + , CDJB=; CGI13J 2I GB GQ1 

'() + , ?E1DG 2DF CGI 2E1DGI 2DF \B:DI13L 2DF 2DV BGQ1= 2;B:DGI F:1 GQ1 ?F;CDCIG=2GC,1 ?E1DG :DF1= 61\GCBDI -/)+ 2DF )/) / 9BGQCDE \BDG2CD1F Q1=1CD IQ233 fCg I:\Q N1DF1= CI DBG :ICDE kK32D 2II1GIl fRCGQCD GQ1 ;12DCDE BJ 61\GCBD (f -g BJ @A76? B= BGQ1=RCI1g BJ BD1 B= ;B=1 P1D1JCG 832DI RCGQ =1IK1\G GB I:\Q N1DF1=dI 1DG=2D\1 CDGBL K2=GC\CK2GCBD CDL 2F;CDCIG=2GCBD BJ 2DF K1=JB=;2D\1 BJ GQ1 NB2DIL GQ1 4B;;CG;1DGI B= GQCI ?E=11;1DGL fCCg GQ1 G=2DI2\GCBD 1e1;KGCBD I1G JB=GQ CD BD1 B= ;B=1 8S@IL I:\Q 2I 8S@ a [ f2 \32II 1e1;KGCBD JB= \1=G2CD G=2DI2\GCBDI F1G1=;CD1F 

'() + , ?E=11;1DG I2GCIJC1I GQ1 =1j:C=1;1DGI BJ I: 

'() + , f2g R2C,1 2DV \BDFCGCBD I1G JB=GQ CD 61\GCBD /) f2g RCGQB:G GQ1 R=CGG1D \BDI1DG BJ 12\Q N1DF1=c f 

'() + , B= F:GC1I BJ I:\Q H=BDGCDE P2D_ :DF1= GQCI ?E=11;1DG B= 2DV 7II:1= 0B\:;1DG =132GCDE GB 2DV N1GG1= BJ 4=1FCG CII:1F B= GB fCg CJ GB GQ1 NB2D 82=GC1IL GQ1 ?F;CDCIG=2GC,1 ?E1DGL GQ1 NY4 ?F;CDCIG=2GB= B= 2 H=BDGCDE P2D_ B= GQ1 6RCDE NCD1 N1DF1= GB GQ1 2FF=1IIL G131\BKC1= D:; 

'() + , \1=GCJC1F B= =1ECIG1=1F ;2C3L IQ233 

'() + , GQ=B:EQ GQ1 832GJB=;L 2DV BGQ1= 131\G=BDC\ K32GJB=; B= 131\G=BDC\ ;1II2ECDE I1=,C\1L B= GQ=B:EQ GQ1 7DG1=D1G/ fFg 4Q2DE1 BJ ?FF=1IIL @G\/ @2\Q BJ GQ1 NB2D 82=GC1IL GQ1 ?F;CDCIG=2GC,1 ?E1DGL GQ1 NY4 ?F;CDCIG=2GB=L 2DV H=BDGCDE P2D_L 2DF GQ1 6RCDE NCD1 N1DF1= ;2V \Q2DE1 CGI 2FF=1IIL 131\G=BDC\ ;2C3 2FF=1II B= G131KQBD1 D:; 

'() + , 0B\:;1DGI 2E2CDIG GQ1 NB2D 82=GC1I IQ233 

'() + , NO?9 8?ASX ?A7679M O5S OHL 79 4O99@4S7O9 Z7SWL OA ?6 ? A@65NS OH f7g SW@ @b@45S7O9 OA 0@N7`@AX OH SW76 ?MA@@T@9SL ?9X OSW@A NO?9 0O45T@9S OA ?9X ?MA@@T@9S OA 796SA5T@9S 4O9S@T8N?S@0 W@A@PX OA SW@A@PX f794N5079ML Z7SWO5S N7T7S?S7O9L SW@ 790@T97S@@d6 A@N7?94@ O9 ?9X 4OTT5974?S7O9 @b@45S@0 5679M ?9 @N@4SAO974 67M9?S5A@L OA 79 SW@ HOAT OH ?9 @N@4SAO974 A@4OA0gL SW@ 8@AHOAT?94@ PX SW@ 8?AS7@6 W@A@SO OH SW@7A A@68@4S7`@ OPN7M?S7O96 W@A@590@A OA SW@A@590@A OA SW@ 4O965TT?S7O9 OH SW@ SA?96?4S7O96 4O9S@T8N?S@0 W@A@PX OA SW@A@PXL f77g ?9X NO?9 OA N@SS@A OH 4A@07S OA SW@ 56@ OA 8AO8O6@0 56@ OH SW@ 8AO4@@06 SW@A@HAOT f794N5079M ?9X A@H56?N PX ?9X NY4 7665@A SO WO9OA ? 0@T?90 HOA 8?XT@9S 590@A ? N@SS@A OH 4A@07S 7H SW@ 0O45T@9S6 8A@6@9S@0 79 4O99@4S7O9 Z7SW 654W 0@T?90 0O 9OS 6SA74SNX 4OT8NX Z7SW SW@ S@AT6 OH 654W N@SS@A OH 4A@07SgL f777g ?9X ?4S5?N OA ?NN@M@0 8A@6@94@ OA A@N@?6@ OH W?u?A0O56 T?S@A7?N6 O9 OA HAOT ?9X 8AO8@ASX OZ9@0 OA O8@A?S@0 PX SW@ POAAOZ@A OA ?9X OH 7S6 65P6707?A7@6L OA ?9X @9`7AO9T@9S?N N7?P7N7SX A@N?S@0 79 ?9X Z?X SO SW@ POAAOZ@A OA ?9X OH 7S6 65P6707?A7@6L OA f7`g ?9X ?4S5?N OA 8AO68@4S7`@ 4N?7TL N7S7M?S7O9L 79`@6S7M?S7O9 OA 8AO4@@079M A@N?S79M SO ?9X OH SW@ HOA@MO79ML ZW@SW@A P?6@0 O9 4O9SA?4SL SOAS OA ?9X OSW@A SW@OAXL ZW@SW@A PAO5MWS PX ? SW7A0 8?ASX OA PX ?9X NO?9 8?ASXL ?90 A@M?A0N@66 OH ZW@SW@A ?9X 790@T97S@@ 76 ? 8?ASX SW@A@SO, IN ALL CASES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY OR ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF THE INDEMNITEEc 8AO`70@0 SW?S 654W 790@T97SX 6W?NN 9OSL ?6 SO ?9X 790@T97S@@L P@ ?`?7N?PN@ SO SW@ @bS@9S SW?S 654W NO66@6L 4N?7T6L 0?T?M@6L N7?P7N7S7@6 OA A@N?S@0 @b8@96@6 fbg ?A@ 0@S@AT79@0 PX ? 4O5AS OH 4OT8@S@9S ^5A76074S7O9 PX H79?N ?90 9O9[?88@?N?PN@ ^50MT@9S SO W?`@ A@65NS@0 HAOT SW@ MAO66 9@MN7M@94@ OA Z7NNH5N T764O9054S OH 654W 790@T97S@@ OA fXg A@65NS HAOT ? 4N?7T PAO5MWS PX ?9X NO?9 8?ASX ?M?796S ?9 790@T97S@@ HOA PA@?4W 79 P?0 H?7SW OH 654W 790@T97S@@d6 OPN7M?S7O96 W@A@590@A OA 590@A ?9X OSW@A NO?9 0O45T@9SL 7H 654W NO?9 8?ASX W?6 OPS?79@0 ? H79?N ?90 9O9[?88@?N?PN@ ^50MT@9S 79 7S6 H?`OA O9 654W 4N?7T ?6 0@S@AT79@0 PX ? 4O5AS OH 4OT8@S@9S ^5A76074S7O9/ f\g A1C; 

'() + , :D=1C; 

'() + , I1DG1D\1 IQ233 I:=,C,1 GQ1 K2V;1DG CD J:33 BJ GQ1 O fCg TCDC;:; ?;B:DGI/ f?g CD GQ1 \2I1 BJ 2D 2IICED;1DG BJ GQ1 1DGC=1 =1;2CDCDE 2;B:DG BJ GQ1 2IICEDCDE N1DF1=dI 4B;;CG;1DG 2DF =132G1F NB2DI 2G GQ1 GC;1 BRCDE GB CG B= CD GQ1 \2I1 BJ 2D 2IICED;1DG GB 2 N1DF1=L 2D ?JJC3C2G1 BJ 2 N1DF1= B= 2D ?KK=B,1F H:DFL DB ;CDC;:; 2;B:DG D11F 

'() + , BGQ1=RCI1 \BDI1DGI f12\Q I:\Q \BDI1DG DBG GB f?g GQ1 \BDI1DG BJ GQ1 PB==BR1= fI:\Q \BDI1DG DBG GB 

'() + , f,Cg 9B ?IICED;1DG GB 92G:=23 81=IBDI/ 9B I:\Q 2IICED;1DG IQ233 

'() + , :DF1= GQCI ?E=11;1DG IQ233 =1;2CD :D\Q2DE1FL fCCg I:\Q N1DF1= IQ233 =1;2CD IB313V =1IKBDIC 

'() + , GB 2 H1F1=23 A1I1=,1 P2D_c K=B,CF1F GQ2G DB I:\Q K31FE1 B= 2IICED;1DG IQ233 =1312I1 I:\Q N1DF1= J=B; 2DV BJ CGI B 

'() + , \BDG2CDCDE K=B,CICBDI I: 

'() + , B= :D;2G:=1F B= 2=1 BR1F GB 2 

'() + , H1F1=23 @31\G=BDC\ 6CED2G:=1I CD M3B 

'() + , CI 2 01J2:3GCDE N1DF1= GQ1D GQ1 NB2D 82=GC1I ;2VL 2G GQ1C= IB31 1eK1DI1 2DF 1JJB=GL :KBD DBGC\1 GB I:\Q N1DF1= 2DF GQ1 ?F;CDCIG=2GC,1 ?E1DGL =1j:C=1 I:\Q N1DF1= GB 2IICED 2DF F131E2G1L RCGQB:G =1\B:=I1 fCD 2\\B=F2D\1 RCGQ 2DF I: f2g GQ1 NB2D 82=GC1I IQ233 Q2,1 K2CF GB GQ1 ?F;CDCIG=2GC,1 ?E1DG GQ1 2IICED;1DG J11 IK1\CJC1F CD 61\GCBD )/)'f 

'() + , ?90 SW@A@PX 6W?NN P@ MO`@A9@0 PXL ?90 4O96SA5@0 79 ?44OA0?94@ Z7SWL SW@ N?Z OH SW@ 6S?S@ OH 9@Z XOAU/ f 

'() + , 10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial/ @?4W 8?ASX W@A@SO W@A@PX 7AA@`O4?PNX Z?7`@6L SO SW@ H5NN@6S @bS@9S 8@AT7SS@0 PX ?88N74?PN@ N?ZL ?9X A7MWS 7S T?X W?`@ SO ? SA7?N PX ^5AX 79 ?9X N@M?N 8AO4@@079M 07A@4SNX OA 7907A@4SNX ?A7679M O5S OH OA A@N?S79M SO SW76 ?MA@@T@9S OA ?9X OSW@A NO?9 0O45T@9S OA SW@ SA?96?4S7O96 4O9S@T8N?S@0 W@A@PX OA SW@A@PX fZW@SW@A P?6@0 O9 4O9SA?4SL SOAS OA ?9X OSW@A SW@OAXg/ @?4W 8?ASX W@A@SO f2g 4@AS7H7@6 SW?S 9O A@8A@6@9S?S7`@ ?M@9S OA ?SSOA9@X OH ?9X OSW@A 8@A6O9 W?6 A@8A@6@9S@0L @b8A@66NX OA OSW@AZ76@L SW?S 654W OSW@A 8@A6O9 ZO5N0 9OSL 79 SW@ @`@9S OH N7S7M?S7O9L 6@@U SO @9HOA4@ SW@ HOA@MO79M Z?7`@A ?90 f 

'() + , O fCg 2DV 1eG1DICBDL ;BFCJC\2GCBD B= =1D1R23 BJL B= CDF:3E1D\1 RCGQ =1IK1\G GBL B= I: 

'() + , ;CEQG C;K2C=L F132V B= CD 2DV R2V 2JJ1\G GQ1 ,23CFCGVL 1DJB=\12 

'() + , GQCI M:2=2DGV 2DF GQ1 PB==BR1= IQ233 

'() + , ?F;CDCIG=2GC,1 ?E1DG/ 9B R2C,1= fCg f?g GQ1 2==2DECDE 2DF BGQ1= I1=,C\1I =1E2=FCDE GQCI ?E=11;1DG K=B,CF1F 

'() + , 82=GV Q2I \BDI:3G1F CGI BRD 31E23L 2\\B:DGCDEL =1E:32GB=V 2DF G2e 2F,CIB=I GB GQ1 1eG1DG CG Q2I F11;1F 2KK=BK=C2G1L 2DF f4g 12\Q NB2D 82=GV CI \2K2 

'() + , 2KK3C\2 f2g GQ1 2KK3C\2GCBD BJ 2DV Z=CG1[0BRD 2DF 4BD,1=ICBD 8BR1=I fCg 2 =1F:\GCBD CD J:33 B= CD K2=G B= \2D\1332GCBD BJ 2DV I:\Q 3C2 f2g 7D GQ1 1,1DG 2 4B,1=1F @DGCGV GQ2G CI K2=GV GB 2 6:KKB=G1F hH4 f12\QL 2 k4B,1=1F 82=GVlg 

'() + , GB DB E=12G1= 1eG1DG GQ2D I:\Q 01J2:3G ACEQGI \B:3F kPW4 ?\G ?JJC3C2G1l BJ 2 K2=GV ;12DI 2D k2JJC3C2G1l f2I I:\Q G1=; CI F1JCD1F :DF1=L 2DF CDG1=K=1G1F CD 2\\B=F2D\1 RCGQL - 5/6/4/ a f_gg BJ I:\Q K2=GV/ k4B,1=1F @DGCGVl ;12DI 2DV BJ GQ1 JB33BRCDE> fCg 2 k\B,1=1F 1DGCGVl 2I GQ2G G1=; CI F1JCD1F CDL 2DF CDG1=K=1G1F CD 2\\B=F2D\1 RCGQL - 4/H/A/ s - -/a-f 

15630496v4 Annex B [See attached] 

C-1 Form of Loan Notice EXHIBIT C FORM OF LOAN NOTICE Date: ___________, _____1 To: Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2021 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Agreement; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Globe Life Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), TMK Re, Ltd., the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Administrator. The undersigned hereby requests (select one)2: Indicate: Borrowing or Conversion or Continuation Indicate: Applicable Borrower Name Indicate: Requested Amount Indicate: Base Rate Loan or Term SOFR Loan For Term SOFR Loans Indicate: Interest Period (e.g. 1, 3 or 6 month interest period) The Revolving Borrowings requested herein comply with the provisos to the first sentence of Section 2.01 of the Agreement. 1 Note to Borrower. All requests submitted under a single Loan Notice must be effective on the same date. If multiple effective dates are needed, multiple Loan Notices will need to be prepared and signed. 2 Note to Borrower. For multiple borrowings, conversions and/or continuations for a particular facility, fill out a new row for each borrowing/conversion and/or continuation. 

C-2 Form of Loan Notice GLOBE LIFE INC. By: Name: [Type Signatory Name] Title: [Type Signatory Title] 

</EX-10.46>

<EX-10.47>
 3
 gli202210-kexhibit1047xq4.htm
 EX-10.47

Document 

Globe Life Inc. 
 
 PERFORMANCE SHARE AWARD CERTIFICATE 
 
 Non-transferable 
 
 G R A N T T O 

Grantee 
 
 by Globe Life Inc. (the Company of Performance Shares (the Performance Shares representing the right to earn, on a one-for-one basis, shares of the Company s Common Stock, 1.00 par value Stock ), pursuant to and subject to the provisions of the Globe Life Inc. 2018 Incentive Plan, formerly the Torchmark Corporation 2018 Incentive Plan, (the Plan and to the terms and conditions set forth on the following pages of this award certificate (this Certificate ). 
 
 The target number of Performance Shares subject to this award is ________ (the Target Award ). Depending on the Company s level of attainment of specified targets for book value per diluted shares outstanding and net operating income as a return on equity for fiscal years ____, ____, and ____. Grantee may earn 0 to 200 of the Target Award, in accordance with the matrices attached hereto as Exhibit A and the terms of this Certificate. 
 
 By accepting this Award, Grantee shall be deemed to have agreed to the terms and conditions of this Certificate and the Plan. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Globe Life Inc., acting by and through its duly authorized officers, has caused this Certificate to be executed. 
 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 

By ____________________________________________ 
 
 Its Authorized Officer 
 Grant Date _____________, _____ 

Accepted by Grantee __________________________ 

TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 1. Defined Terms . Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Plan. In addition, for purposes of this Certificate 
 
 (i) Confirmation Date the date of the Committee s certification of achievement of the Performance Objectives and determination of the Performance Multiplier following the end of the Performance Period. 
 
 (ii) Early Retirement means resignation or termination of employment without Cause from the Company at or after age 60 and before age 65. 
 
 (iii) Normal Retirement means resignation or termination of employment without Cause from the Company at or after age 65. 
 
 (iv) Performance Multiplier means the percentage, from 0 to 200 , that will be applied to the Target Award to determine the number of Performance Shares that will convert to shares of Stock on the Confirmation Date, as more fully described in Exhibit A hereto. 
 
 (v) Performance Objectives are the performance objectives relating to Book Value per Diluted Shares Outstanding and Net Operating Income as a Return on Equity set forth on Exhibit A that must be achieved in order for Performance Shares to be earned by Grantee pursuant to this Award. 
 
 (vi) Performance Period means the three-year period commencing on January 1, ____ and ending on December 31, ____. 
 
 (vii) Prorated Target Award means, in the case of Grantee s Early Retirement prior to the Vesting Date, a specified percentage of the Target Award, as follows 
 
 Age at Early Retirement Prorated Target Award 60 10 of Target Award 61 20 of Target Award 
 62 40 of Target Award 
 63 60 of Target Award 
 64 80 of Target Award 

(viii) Vesting Date is defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. 
 
 2. Earning and Vesting of Performance Shares . The Performance Shares have been credited to a bookkeeping account on behalf of Grantee and do not represent actual shares of Stock. The Performance Shares are being awarded to the Grantee in return for Grantee s promises contained herein including the terms and provisions of 

Section 6. The Performance Shares represent the right to earn up to 200 of the Target Award (or up to the Prorated Target Award, in the event of Grantee s Early Retirement prior to the Vesting Date or up to the full Target Award, in the event of Grantee s Normal Retirement prior to the Vesting Date), based on (i) the Company s attainment of the Performance Objectives and (ii) the application of the Performance Multiplier to the Target Award in accordance with Exhibit A . Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of Grantee s death or Disability during the Performance Period, Grantee shall be deemed to have earned 100 of the Target Award upon such event (without application of any Performance Multiplier). In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing or anything in the Plan to the contrary, upon a Change in Control of the Company in which the Performance Shares are not assumed by the Surviving Entity or otherwise equitably converted or substituted in connection with the Change in Control in a manner approved by the Committee or the Board, Grantee shall be deemed to have earned 100 of the Target Award upon such event (without application of any Performance Multiplier), and there shall be a prorata payout to Grantee within thirty (30) days following the Change in Control, based upon the length of time within the Performance Period that has elapsed prior to the Change in Control. Further, upon a Change in Control of the Company in which the Performance Shares are assumed by the Surviving Entity or otherwise equitably converted or substituted in connection with the Change in Control, if within two years after the effective date of the Change in Control, Grantee s employment is terminated without Cause or Grantee resigns for Good Reason, Grantee shall be deemed to have earned 100 of the Target Award as of the date of termination (without application of any Performance Multiplier), and there shall be a prorata payout to Grantee within thirty (30) days following the date of termination, based upon the length of time within the Performance Period that has elapsed prior to the date of termination. 
 
 Any earned Performance Shares will vest and become non-forfeitable on the earliest to occur of the following (the Vesting Date 
 
 (a) the Confirmation Date, provided either (i) Grantee has continued in the employment of the Company or its Affiliates through such date or (ii) Grantee s employment with the Company has terminated due to Grantee s Normal Retirement or Early Retirement, or 
 (b) the termination of Grantee s employment due to death or Disability, or 
 (c) a Change in Control of the Company. 
 
 In the event Grantee s employment terminates for any reason other than as described above at any time prior to the applicable Vesting Date, all of Grantee s Performance Shares will immediately be forfeited to the Company without further consideration or any act or action by Grantee. 

3. Settlement in Stock . Any earned and vested Performance Shares will be settled by the Company by issuing shares of Stock (one share per vested Performance Share) within thirty (30) days following the Vesting Date by book-entry registration or by issuance of shares in Grantee s name. Any Performance Shares that fail to vest in accordance with the terms of this Certificate will be forfeited and reconveyed to the Company without further consideration or any act or action by Grantee. 
 
 4. Restrictions on Transfer and Pledge . No right or interest of Grantee in the Performance Shares may be pledged, encumbered, or hypothecated or be made subject to any lien, obligation, or liability of Grantee to any other party other than the Company or an Affiliate. The Performance Shares may not be sold, assigned, transferred or otherwise disposed of by Grantee other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. 
 
 5. Restrictions on Issuance of Stock . If at any time the Committee shall determine, in its discretion, that registration, listing or qualification of the Stock underlying the Performance Shares upon any securities exchange or similar self-regulatory organization or under any foreign, federal, or local law or practice, or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory body, is necessary or desirable as a condition to the settlement of the Performance Shares, stock units will not be converted to Stock in whole or in part unless and until such registration, listing, qualification, consent or approval shall have been effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Committee. 
 
 6. Noncompetition Confidentiality Nonsolicitation. Upon Grantee s separation from employment from the Company for any reason for a period of two (2) years from the date of such separation or in the event of termination due to Early Retirement or Normal Retirement, during the remaining vesting period prior to the Confirmation Date, whichever is longer (the Restriction Period ), Grantee agrees not to engage or participate, directly or indirectly, including but not limited to as an employee, consultant, advisor, contractor, partner, owner or otherwise, in a competing business, which is one that provides the same or substantially similar products or services as the Business with which Grantee was involved. Business is defined as product development, marketing, sales and servicing of life insurance, health insurance and annuity products through captive agents, independent agents and direct response marketing channels. Life insurance includes individual life or group life, with or without return-of-premium benefit. Health insurance includes accidental death or supplemental health insurance products, with or without return-of premium benefits, including cancer, critical illness, hospital indemnity, Medicare supplement. Annuity includes deferred annuities or single premium immediate annuities. (All of the foregoing are referred to collectively as the Business ). Grantee further agrees that he will not serve as a Board member for any company that provides the same or similar products or services as the Business. Grantee also agrees and understands that this noncompetition agreement extends to competition in any state in which Grantee worked or directed work for the Company (referred to as the Restricted Area ). 
 
 Grantee acknowledges that the Restricted Area, scope of prohibited activities, and the Restriction Period are reasonable and are no broader than are necessary to protect Company s legitimate business interests. Grantee also acknowledges that the Company would not be providing the benefits set forth in this Agreement but for Grantee s covenants and promises contained in this Section. Grantee further agrees that during 

the non-competition term, Grantee shall immediately notify the Company in writing of any employment, work, or business he undertakes with or on behalf of any person (including himself) or entity other than the Company and acknowledges and agrees that the Company may place Grantee s future employer on notice of the Grantee s post-employment obligations. 
 
 Grantee further expressly agrees and understands that the Company has disclosed confidential, proprietary and or trade secret information to Grantee. Grantee agrees that he will not utilize nor disclose to any third party any of the Company s confidential, proprietary or trade secret information at any time in the future. In consideration of the Company disclosing such information to Grantee and or for the consideration provided to Grantee by the Company in this Agreement, which Grantee acknowledges is sufficient and reasonable consideration, Grantee has agreed to the non-competition provisions set forth herein. In addition, due to the type of information to which Grantee has been given access, there are some types of future employment in which Grantee would inevitably use and disclose confidential and proprietary information in violation of Grantee s promises. Therefore, Grantee acknowledges as part of this agreement the potential for such unauthorized inevitable disclosure and agrees that the non-competition provisions set forth herein are necessary and reasonable. 
 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, nothing herein shall prohibit Grantee from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity or making other disclosures that are protected pursuant to federal law or regulation. Prior authorization from the Company is not required in order to make any such reports or disclosures and Grantee is not required to notify the Company that such reports or disclosures have been made. 
 
 IMMUNITY NOTICE. Pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Grantee may not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of the law or is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Should any provision in this Agreement conflict with this provision, this provision shall control. 
 
 Grantee also agrees that during the Restriction Period he will not solicit the clients or customers of the Company in order to request or advise such clients or customers to end, change or curtail their business relationship with the Company. In addition, Grantee agrees that during the Restriction Period he will not solicit any employee of the Company in order to request or advise any such employee to end, change or curtail their employment relationship with the Company. 
 
 If for any reason any court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this Section to be unreasonable in duration or scope or otherwise, Company and Grantee agree that the court shall reform the restrictions and prohibitions contained in this Section so that they shall be effective to the fullest extent allowed under applicable law. Each covenant set forth in this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and Grantee s employment for any reason and shall be construed as an agreement independent of any other provision of this Agreement. 

Grantee acknowledges and agrees that the covenants, obligations and agreements of Grantee contained in this Section concern special, unique and extraordinary matters and that a violation of any of the terms of these covenants, obligations or agreements will cause Company irreparable injury for which adequate remedies at law are not available. Therefore, Grantee agrees that Company will be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, or any other equitable relief (without the requirement to post bond) as a court of competent jurisdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain Grantee from committing any violation of the covenants, obligations or agreements referred to in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and in addition to any other rights and remedies Company may have against Grantee. 
 
 In addition, Grantee agrees that if the terms of this Section are violated or if the terms of this Section are determined to be unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, Grantee shall forfeit and not be entitled to receive the Performance Shares granted herein. If Grantee has already received the Performance Shares, Grantee agrees to repay the Company the value of the Performance Shares on the date it was received by Grantee upon five (5) days written notice. 
 
 7. Limitation of Rights . The Performance Shares do not confer to Grantee or Grantee s beneficiary, executors or administrators any voting rights, rights to receive dividends or any other rights of a shareholder of the Company unless and until shares of Stock are in fact issued to such person in connection with the units. Nothing in this Certificate shall interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company or any Affiliate to terminate Grantee s employment at any time, nor confer upon Grantee any right to continue in employment of the Company or any Affiliate. 
 
 8. No Entitlement to Future Awards . The grant of the Performance Shares does not entitle Grantee to the grant of any additional units or other awards under the Plan in the future. Future grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company, including, but not limited to, the timing of any grant, the number of units, and vesting provisions. 
 
 9. Payment of Taxes . The Company or any Affiliate employing Grantee has the authority and the right to deduct or withhold, or require Grantee to remit to the employer, an amount sufficient to satisfy federal, state, and local taxes (including Grantee s FICA obligation) required by law to be withheld with respect to any taxable event arising as a result of the vesting or settlement of the Performance Shares. With respect to withholding required upon any taxable event arising as a result of the Performance Awards, the employer may satisfy the tax withholding requirement by withholding shares of Stock having a Fair Market Value, as of the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined, as nearly equal as possible to (but no more than) the total minimum statutory tax required to be withheld. The obligations of the Company under this Agreement will be conditional on such payment or arrangements, and the Company, and, where applicable, its Affiliates will, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to Grantee. 
 
 10. Recoupment . Any Performance Shares awarded hereunder or any shares of Stock issued hereunder shall be subject to forfeiture and recoupment by the Company based on a later determination that the vesting of such Performance Shares was based on materially inaccurate financial statements or any other materially inaccurate 

performance metric criteria, whether or not the Participant caused or contributed to such material inaccuracy or is otherwise required to be forfeited or repaid upon such terms and conditions as may be imposed by the Committee in accordance with Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. Any such determination by the Committee (in its sole discretion) shall be deemed a failure by Participant to meet conditions precedent to payment of the Award and may render the payment subject to recoupment. 
 
 11. Amendment . Subject to the terms of the Plan, the Committee may amend, modify or terminate this Certificate without approval of Grantee provided, however, that such amendment, modification or termination shall not, without Grantee s consent, reduce or diminish the value of this award determined as if it had been fully vested and subject to application of the Performance Multiplier (i.e., as if all restrictions on the Performance Shares hereunder had expired) on the date of such amendment or termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Grantee hereby expressly agrees to any amendment to the Plan and this Agreement to the extent necessary to comply with applicable law or changes to applicable law (including, but not limited to, Code Section 409A) and related regulations or other guidance and federal securities laws. 
 
 12. Plan Controls . The terms contained in the Plan shall be and are hereby incorporated into and made a part of this Certificate and this Certificate shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Plan. Without limiting the foregoing, the terms and conditions of the Performance Shares, including the number of shares and the class or series of capital stock which may be delivered upon settlement of the Performance Shares, are subject to adjustment as provided in Article 15 of the Plan. In the event of any actual or alleged conflict between the provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Certificate, the provisions of the Plan shall be controlling and determinative. Any conflict between this Certificate and the terms of a written employment with Grantee that has been approved, ratified or confirmed by the Committee shall be decided in favor of the provisions of such employment agreement. 
 
 13. Governing Law Venue . Except as noted below, this Certificate shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, United States of America, regardless of the law that might be applied under principles of conflict of laws. However, the terms and provisions set forth in Section 6 shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas. In addition, Grantee and the Company agree that any disputes or claims concerning or relating to the terms and provisions of this Agreement (including Section 6) shall be filed in Collin County, State of Texas or the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas. 
 
 14. Severability . If any one or more of the provisions contained in this Certificate is deemed to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the other provisions of this Certificate will be construed and enforced as if the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been included. 
 
 15. Relationship to Other Benefits . The Performance Shares shall not affect the calculation of benefits under any other compensation plan or program of the Company, except to the extent specially provided in such other plan or program. 
 
 16. Notice . Notices and communications hereunder must be in writing and either personally delivered or sent by registered or certified United States mail, return receipt 

requested, postage prepaid. Notices to the Company must be addressed to Globe Life Inc., 3700 South Stonebridge Drive, McKinney, Texas 75070, Attn Corporate Secretary, or any other address designated by the Company in a written notice to Grantee. Notices to Grantee will be directed to the address of Grantee then currently on file with the Company, or at any other address given by Grantee in a written notice to the Company. 
 
 17. Section 409A . The Performance Shares awarded hereunder are intended to be exempt from Code Section 409A as a short-term deferral. In the event the Performance Shares are determined not to be exempt, it is intended to comply with Code Section 409A and any ambiguous provision will be construed in a manner that is compliant with or exempt from the application of Section 409A. Any reference to Grantee s termination of employment shall mean a cessation of the employment relationship between the Grantee and the Company which constitutes a separation from service as determined in accordance with Code Section 409A and related regulations. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Certificate, if the Grantee is deemed on the date of termination to be a specified employee within the meaning of that term under Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code, then the payments under this Certificate that are subject to Section 409A and paid by reason of a termination of employment shall be made or provided on the later of (a) the payment date set forth in this Certificate, or (b) the date that is the earliest of (i) the expiration of the six-month period measured from the date of Grantee s termination of employment or (ii) the date of the Grantee s death, if applicable (the Delay Period ). Payments subject to the Delay Period shall be paid to the Grantee without interest for such delay in payment. 

EXHIBIT A 

The Performance Shares will be earned, in whole or in part, based on the Company s achievement of Performance Objectives relating to Book Value per Diluted Shares Outstanding and Net Operating Income as a Return on Equity (each as defined below). Determination of all Performance Measures will be based on existing Federal corporate tax rates and accounting for long-duration contracts as of the commencement of the Performance Period. 
 
 Performance Goals Percent Earned Actual Performance Performance Multiplier Earned 1 Weighted Performance Multiplier Earned 2 Performance Measure 
 Weighting Threshold 
 50 
 Target 
 100 
 Maximum 
 200 
 Book Value per Diluted Shares Outstanding 3 

Net Operating Income as a Return on Equity 4 

Performance Multiplier 5 

1 Performance below the Threshold level results in 0 earned. All other percentages earned are determined by pro-ration between the appropriate Performance Goals. 
 2 Performance Multiplier for the Performance Measure multiplied by the Weighting assigned to that Performance Measure 
 3 Book Value per Diluted Shares Outstanding means the book value per diluted shares outstanding as of the end of the Performance Period. The numerator will equal ending Shareholder s Equity plus accumulated common shareholders dividends paid from ____ to ____. Shareholders Equity shall exclude the effect of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income and any changes in Federal corporate tax rates. Diluted Shares Outstanding is the diluted shares outstanding as of December 31, ____. 
 4 Net Operating Income as a Return on Equity (NOI ROE) means average return on equity earned for the three-year Performance Period (calculated to two decimal places) using Net Operating Income per the Company's Operating Summary. Average Shareholder s Equity in the denominator shall exclude the effect of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income and any changes in Federal corporate tax rates. The average diluted shares outstanding is the weighted average of common and diluted shares outstanding over the course of the respective fiscal year. Thus, if the NOI ROE earned for ____, ____ and ____ were __ , __ and __ respectively, average NOI ROE would be __ . 
 5 Total of the Weighted Performance Multiplier Earned. 

</EX-10.47>

<EX-10.48>
 4
 gli202210-kexhibit1048xq4.htm
 EX-10.48

Document 

STATE OF TEXAS 
 COLLIN COUNTY 

GLOBE LIFE INC. NON-QUALIFIED 
 STOCK OPTION GRANT AGREEMENT 

GLOBE LIFE INC., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the state of Delaware (the Company ), does hereby grant and give unto __________________________ 
 (the Optionee or Participant ), the following non-qualified stock option (the Option upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. 
 AUTHORITY FOR GRANT 
 1. Stock Incentive Plan . The Option is granted under the provisions of the Globe Life Inc. 2018 Incentive Plan, formerly the Torchmark Corporation 2018 Incentive Plan (the Plan ), as a non-qualified option and is subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given them in the Plan which is incorporated by reference herein. 
 TERMS OF OPTION 
 2. Number of Shares . The Optionee is hereby granted an option to purchase from the Company ____________ shares (the Shares of the Company's common capital stock. 
 3. Option Price Per Share . The option price for each Share subject to the Option shall be _____, the closing price of the Stock on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Tape on February __, 2023, which is the Grant Date . 
 4. Option Period . The Option shall be and become first exercisable to the extent of 50 of the Shares on and after February __, 2025. The remaining Shares shall become exercisable on and after February __, 2026. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if the Option is not exercised with respect to all Shares prior to seven (7) years from the Grant Date, the Option shall terminate and the parties hereto shall have no further rights or 

obligations hereunder. For the purposes of this agreement, Option Period shall mean the seven (7) year period commencing on the Grant Date. 
 5. Method of Exercise . The Option may be exercised in whole or in part at any time during the Option Period, by giving written notice of exercise to the Company specifying the number of Shares to be purchased, accompanied by payment in full of the purchase price, in cash, by check or such other instrument as may be acceptable to the Compensation Committee of the Globe Life Inc. Board of Directors (the Committee ). Payment in full or in part may also be made in the form of unrestricted stock already owned by the Optionee (based on the fair market value of the stock on the date the Option is exercised). The Optionee shall have the rights to dividends or other rights of a stockholder with respect to the Shares subject to the option when the Optionee has given written notice of exercise and has paid in full for such Shares. 
 6. Transferability of Option . The Option may be transferred by the Optionee to members of the Optionee s Immediate Family (the children, grandchildren or spouse of the Optionee), to one or more trusts for the benefit of such Immediate Family members or to one or more partnerships where such Immediate Family members are the only partners if (i) the Optionee has received express written approval of such transfer from the Committee and (ii) the Optionee does not receive any consideration in any form whatsoever for said transfer. Except as provided in the foregoing sentence, the Option shall not be transferable by the Optionee other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 
 TERMINATION OF OPTION 
 7. Termination by Death . If the Optionee's employment with the Company, any Subsidiary and or any Affiliate terminates by reason of death (or if Optionee dies following termination of employment by reason of disability or retirement at or after age 65), the Option shall become immediately exercisable and may thereafter be exercised by the legal 

representative of the estate or by the legatee of the Optionee under the will of the Optionee, during the period ending on the expiration of the stated term of the Option or the first anniversary of the Optionee's death, whichever is later. 
 8. Termination by Reason of Disability . If the Optionee's employment with the Company, any Subsidiary, and or any Affiliate terminates by reason of Disability, the Option shall be immediately exercisable and may thereafter be exercised during the period ending on the expiration of the stated term of the Option. 
 9. Termination by Reason of Retirement . If the Optionee's employment with the Company, any Subsidiary, and or any Affiliate terminates by reason of retirement at or after age 65, the Option shall become immediately exercisable and may thereafter be exercised during the period ending on the expiration of the stated term of the Option. 
 If the Optionee's employment with the Company, any Subsidiary, and or any Affiliate terminates by reason of retirement at or after age 60, the Option shall terminate five (5) years from the date of such retirement or upon the expiration of the stated term of the Option, whichever is shorter. If the Optionee's employment with the Company, any Subsidiary and or any Affiliate terminates by reason of retirement at or after age 55, the Option shall terminate three (3) years from the date of such retirement or upon the expiration of the stated term of the Option, whichever is shorter. In the event of retirement at or after ages 55 or 60, there shall be no acceleration of vesting of the Option, but the Option shall continue to vest in accordance with its regular schedule and may be exercised to the extent it is or becomes exercisable prior to the termination of the Option (the Continued Vesting Shares provided that the Participant s Retirement occurs after the first anniversary of the Grant Date. 
 10. Termination for Cause . If the Optionee's employment with the Company, any Subsidiary and or any Affiliate is terminated for Cause, or the Committee determines that the Optionee has engaged in conduct that would be grounds for termination with cause, the Option 

shall be immediately forfeited to the Company upon the giving of notice of termination of employment. 
 11. Other Termination . If the Optionee's employment with the Company, any Subsidiary and or any Affiliate is involuntarily terminated by the Optionee's employer without Cause, the Option shall terminate three (3) months from the date of termination of employment or upon the expiration of the stated term of the Option, whichever is shorter. If the Optionee's employment with the Company, any Subsidiary and or any Affiliate is voluntarily terminated for any reason, the Option shall terminate one (1) month from the date of termination of employment or upon the expiration of the stated term of the Option, whichever is shorter. In the event of involuntary termination without Cause or voluntary termination, there shall be no acceleration of vesting, but the Option shall continue to vest in accordance with its regular schedule and may only be exercised to the extent it is or becomes exercisable prior to such termination. 
 GENERAL TERMS AND PROVISIONS 
 12. Shares Listed on the Exchange . The Shares for which the Option is hereby granted shall have been listed on the New York Stock Exchange at the time the Option is exercised. 
 13. Shares May be Newly Issued or Purchased . The Shares to be delivered upon exercise of the Option shall be made available, at the discretion of the Company, either from authorized but previously unissued Shares or from Shares held in the treasury of the Company. 
 14. Adjustment of Shares for Recapitalization . In the event of any merger, reorganization, consolidation, recapitalization, stock dividend, or other change in corporate structure affecting the Stock, a substitution or adjustment shall be made in the number and price of Shares. 
 15. Payment of Taxes . The Optionee shall, no later than the date as of which the value of any portion of the Option first becomes includable in the Optionee s gross income for Federal income tax purposes, pay to the Company, or make other arrangements satisfactory to the 

Committee, in its sole discretion, regarding payment of, the minimum Federal, state, local or FICA taxes of any kind required by the law to be withheld with respect to the Option. The obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall be conditional on such payment or arrangements. 
 The Optionee may elect, subject to the approval of the Committee, to satisfy the Optionee s minimum Federal, and where applicable, FICA, state and local tax withholding obligations arising from all awards by the reduction in an amount necessary to pay any such minimum withholding tax obligations, of the number of Shares of stock or amount of cash otherwise issuable or payable to said Optionee upon the issuance of Shares or payment of cash in respect of an Option. The Company and, where applicable, its Subsidiaries and Affiliates shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such minimum withholding taxes owed by an Optionee who is not subject to Section 16 of the 1934 Act from any payment of any kind otherwise due to said Optionee. 
 16. Headings . The headings contained herein are for convenience of reference only, do not constitute a part of this Grant Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. 
 17. Notices . Any notices required by or permitted to be given to the Company under this Agreement shall be made in writing and addressed to the Secretary of the Company in care of the Company's Legal Department, 3700 South Stonebridge Drive, McKinney, Texas 75070. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given when received by the Company. 
 18. Recoupment . Any Options awarded hereunder may be cancelled or forfeited and any shares of Stock issued upon exercise of the Option shall be subject to forfeiture and recoupment by the Company based on a later determination that the vesting of such Options was based on materially inaccurate financial statements, whether or not the Participant caused or contributed to such material inaccuracy or is otherwise required to be forfeited or repaid upon such terms 

and conditions as may be imposed by the Committee in accordance with Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. Any such determination by the Committee (in its sole discretion) shall be deemed a failure by the Participant to meet conditions precedent to payment of the Award and may render the payment subject to recoupment. 
 19. Effective Date of Stock Option . This Option has been executed this ____ day of February, 2023, effective as of February __, 2023. 
 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 

By ______________________ 
 Its Authorized Officer 

_________________________ 
 Optionee 

</EX-10.48>

<EX-10.49>
 5
 gli202210-kexhibit1049xq4.htm
 EX-10.49

Document 

STATE OF TEXAS 
 COLLIN COUNTY 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. NON-QUALIFIED 
 STOCK OPTION GRANT AGREEMENT 

GLOBE LIFE INC., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the state of Delaware (the Company ), does hereby grant and give unto _________________________ (the Optionee or Participant ), the following non-qualified stock option (the Option upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. 
 AUTHORITY FOR GRANT 
 1. Stock Incentive Plan Consideration . The Option is granted under the provisions of the Globe Life Inc. 2018 Incentive Plan, formerly the Torchmark Corporation 2018 Incentive Plan (the Plan ), as a non-qualified option and is subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan and in return for Optionee s promises contained herein, including the terms and provisions of Section 12. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given them in the Plan which is incorporated by reference herein. 
 TERMS OF OPTION 
 2. Number of Shares . The Optionee is hereby granted an option to purchase from the Company __________ shares (the Shares of the Company's common capital stock. 
 3. Option Price Per Share . The option price for each Share subject to the Option shall be ________, the closing price of the Stock on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Tape on February __, 2023, which is the Grant Date . 
 4. Option Period . The Option shall be and become first exercisable to the extent of 50 of the Shares on and after February __, 2025. The remaining Shares shall become exercisable on and after February __, 2026. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if the Option is not exercised with respect to all Shares prior to seven (7) years from the Grant Date, the Option shall terminate and the parties hereto shall have no further rights or 

obligations hereunder. For the purposes of this agreement, Option Period shall mean the seven (7) year period commencing on the Grant Date. 
 5. Method of Exercise . The Option may be exercised in whole or in part at any time during the Option Period, by giving written notice of exercise to the Company specifying the number of Shares to be purchased, accompanied by payment in full of the purchase price, in cash, by check or such other instrument as may be acceptable to the Compensation Committee of the Globe Life Inc. Board of Directors (the Committee ). Payment in full or in part may also be made in the form of unrestricted stock already owned by the Optionee (based on the fair market value of the stock on the date the Option is exercised). The Optionee shall have the rights to dividends or other rights of a stockholder with respect to the Shares subject to the option when the Optionee has given written notice of exercise and has paid in full for such Shares. 
 6. Transferability of Option . The Option may be transferred by the Optionee to members of the Optionee s Immediate Family (the children, grandchildren or spouse of the Optionee), to one or more trusts for the benefit of such Immediate Family members or to one or more partnerships where such Immediate Family members are the only partners if (i) the Optionee has received express written approval of such transfer from the Committee and (ii) the Optionee does not receive any consideration in any form whatsoever for said transfer. Except as provided in the foregoing sentence, the Option shall not be transferable by the Optionee other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 
 TERMINATION OF OPTION 
 7. Termination by Death . If the Optionee's employment with the Company, any Subsidiary and or any Affiliate terminates by reason of death (or if Optionee dies following termination of employment by reason of disability or retirement at or after age 65), the Option shall become immediately exercisable and may thereafter be exercised by the legal 

representative of the estate or by the legatee of the Optionee under the will of the Optionee, during the period ending on the expiration of the stated term of the Option or the first anniversary of the Optionee's death, whichever is later. 
 8. Termination by Reason of Disability . If the Optionee's employment with the Company, any Subsidiary, and or any Affiliate terminates by reason of Disability, the Option shall be immediately exercisable and may thereafter be exercised during the period ending on the expiration of the stated term of the Option. 
 9. Termination by Reason of Retirement . If the Optionee's employment with the Company, any Subsidiary, and or any Affiliate terminates by reason of Retirement at or after age 65, the Option shall become immediately exercisable (the Retirement Acceleration and may thereafter be exercised during the period ending on the expiration of the stated term of the Option. 
 If the Optionee's employment with the Company, any Subsidiary, and or any Affiliate terminates by reason of Retirement at or after age 60, the Option shall terminate five (5) years from the date of such Retirement or upon the expiration of the stated term of the Option, whichever is shorter. If the Optionee's employment with the Company, any Subsidiary and or any Affiliate terminates by reason of Retirement at or after age 55, the Option shall terminate three (3) years from the date of such Retirement or upon the expiration of the stated term of the Option, whichever is shorter. In the event of Retirement at or after ages 55 or 60, there shall be no acceleration of vesting of the Option, but the Option shall continue to vest in accordance with its regular schedule and may be exercised to the extent it is or becomes exercisable prior to the termination of the Option (the Continued Vesting Shares provided that the Participant s Retirement occurs after the first anniversary of the Grant Date. 
 In the event the Participant s employment is terminated due to Retirement prior to the first anniversary of the Grant Date, all Options shall be forfeited. 

10. Termination for Cause . If the Optionee's employment with the Company, any Subsidiary and or any Affiliate is terminated for Cause, or the Committee determines that the Optionee has engaged in conduct that would be grounds for termination with Cause, the Option shall be immediately forfeited to the Company upon the giving of notice of termination of employment. 
 11. Other Termination . If the Optionee's employment with the Company, any Subsidiary and or any Affiliate is involuntarily terminated by the Optionee's employer without Cause, the Option shall terminate three (3) months from the date of termination of employment or upon the expiration of the stated term of the Option, whichever is shorter. If the Optionee's employment with the Company, any Subsidiary and or any Affiliate is voluntarily terminated for any reason, the Option shall terminate one (1) month from the date of termination of employment or upon the expiration of the stated term of the Option, whichever is shorter. In the event of involuntary termination without Cause or voluntary termination, there shall be no acceleration of vesting, but the Option shall continue to vest in accordance with its regular schedule and may only be exercised to the extent it is or becomes exercisable prior to such termination. 
 12. Noncompetition Confidentiality Nonsolicitation. Upon Participant s separation from employment from the Company for any reason for a period of two (2) years from the date of such separation or in the event of termination under circumstances that entitle him to Retirement Acceleration or Continued Vesting Shares, during the remaining vesting period prior to the Vesting Date, whichever is longer (the Restriction Period ), Participant agrees not to engage or participate, directly or indirectly, including but not limited to as an employee, consultant, advisor, contractor, partner, owner or otherwise, in a competing business, which is one that provides the same or substantially similar products or services as the Business with which Participant was involved. Business is defined as product development, marketing, sales and servicing of life insurance, health insurance and annuity products through captive agents, independent agents 

and direct response marketing channels. Life insurance includes individual life or group life, with or without return-of-premium benefit. Health insurance includes accidental death or supplemental health insurance products, with or without return-of premium benefits, including cancer, critical illness, hospital indemnity, Medicare supplement. Annuity includes deferred annuities or single premium immediate annuities. (All of the foregoing are referred to collectively as the Business ). Participant further agrees that he will not serve as a Board member for any company that provides the same or similar products or services as the Business. Participant also agrees and understands that this noncompetition agreement extends to competition in any state in which Participant worked or directed work for the Company (referred to as the Restricted Area ). 
 Participant acknowledges that the Restricted Area, scope of prohibited activities, and the Restriction Period are reasonable and are no broader than are necessary to protect Company s legitimate business interests. Participant also acknowledges that the Company would not be providing the benefits set forth in this Agreement but for Participant s covenants and promises contained in this Section. Participant further agrees that during the non-competition term, Participant shall immediately notify the Company in writing of any employment, work, or business he undertakes with or on behalf of any person (including himself) or entity other than the Company and acknowledges and agrees that the Company may place Participant s future employer on notice of the Participant s post-employment obligations. 
 Participant further expressly agrees and understands that the Company has disclosed confidential, proprietary and or trade secret information to Participant. Participant agrees that he will not utilize nor disclose to any third party any of the Company s confidential, proprietary or trade secret information at any time in the future. In consideration of the Company disclosing such information to Participant and or for the consideration provided to Participant by the Company in this Agreement, which Participant acknowledges is sufficient and reasonable 

consideration, Participant has agreed to the non-competition provisions set forth herein. In addition, due to the type of information to which Participant has been given access, there are some types of future employment in which Participant would inevitably use and disclose confidential and proprietary information in violation of Participant s promises. Therefore, Participant acknowledges as part of this agreement the potential for such unauthorized inevitable disclosure and agrees that the non-competition provisions set forth herein are necessary and reasonable. 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, nothing herein shall prohibit Participant from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity or making other disclosures that are protected pursuant to federal law or regulation. Prior authorization from the Company is not required in order to make any such reports or disclosures and Participant is not required to notify the Company that such reports or disclosures have been made. 
 IMMUNITY NOTICE . Pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Participant may not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of the law or is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Should any provision in this Agreement conflict with this provision, this provision shall control. 
 Participant also agrees that during the Restriction Period he will not solicit the clients or customers of the Company in order to request or advise such clients or customers to end, change or curtail their business relationship with the Company. In addition, Participant agrees that during the Restriction Period he will not solicit any employee of the Company in order to 

request or advise any such employee to end, change or curtail their employment relationship with the Company. 
 If for any reason any court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this Section to be unreasonable in duration or scope or otherwise, Company and Participant agree that the court shall reform restrictions and prohibitions contained in this Section so that they shall be effective to the fullest extent allowed under applicable law. Each covenant set forth in this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and Participant s employment for any reason and shall be construed as an agreement independent of any other provision of this Agreement. 
 Participant acknowledges and agrees that the covenants, obligations and agreements of Participant contained in this Section concern special, unique and extraordinary matters and that a violation of any of the terms of these covenants, obligations or agreements will cause Company irreparable injury for which adequate remedies at law are not available. Therefore, Participant agrees that Company will be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, or any other equitable relief (without the requirement to post bond) as a court of competent jurisdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain Participant from committing any violation of the covenants, obligations or agreements referred to in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and in addition to any other rights and remedies Company may have against Participant. 
 In addition, Participant agrees that if the terms of this Section are violated or if the terms of this Section are determined to be unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, Participant shall forfeit and not be entitled to receive Retirement Acceleration or the Continued Vesting Shares herein. The Company shall be relieved from any obligation to provide Participant with Retirement Acceleration or the Continued Vesting Shares. If Participant has already received the Retirement Acceleration or the Continued Vesting Shares, Participant 

agrees to repay the Company the value of the Retirement Acceleration or the Continued Vesting Shares on the date it was received by Participant upon five (5) days written notice. 
 GENERAL TERMS AND PROVISIONS 
 13. Shares Listed on the Exchange . The Shares for which the Option is hereby granted shall have been listed on the New York Stock Exchange at the time the Option is exercised. 
 14. Shares May be Newly Issued or Purchased . The Shares to be delivered upon exercise of the Option shall be made available, at the discretion of the Company, either from authorized but previously unissued Shares or from Shares held in the treasury of the Company. 
 15. Adjustment of Shares for Recapitalization . In the event of any merger, reorganization, consolidation, recapitalization, stock dividend, or other change in corporate structure affecting the Stock, a substitution or adjustment shall be made in the number and price of Shares. 
 16. Payment of Taxes . The Optionee shall, no later than the date as of which the value of any portion of the Option first becomes includable in the Optionee s gross income for Federal income tax purposes, pay to the Company, or make other arrangements satisfactory to the Committee, in its sole discretion, regarding payment of, the minimum Federal, state, local or FICA taxes of any kind required by the law to be withheld with respect to the Option. The obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall be conditional on such payment or arrangements. 
 The Optionee may elect, subject to the approval of the Committee, to satisfy the Optionee s minimum Federal, and where applicable, FICA, state and local tax withholding obligations arising from all awards by the reduction in an amount necessary to pay any such minimum withholding tax obligations, of the number of Shares of stock or amount of cash otherwise issuable or payable to said Optionee upon the issuance of Shares or payment of cash in respect of an Option. The Company and, where applicable, its Subsidiaries and Affiliates 

shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such minimum withholding taxes owed by an Optionee who is not subject to Section 16 of the 1934 Act from any payment of any kind otherwise due to said Optionee. 
 17. Headings . The headings contained herein are for convenience of reference only, do not constitute a part of this Grant Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. 
 18. Notices . Any notices required by or permitted to be given to the Company under this Agreement shall be made in writing and addressed to the Secretary of the Company in care of the Company's Legal Department, 3700 South Stonebridge Drive, McKinney, Texas 75070. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given when received by the Company. 
 19. Recoupment . Any Options awarded hereunder may be cancelled or forfeited and any shares of Stock issued upon exercise of the Option shall be subject to forfeiture and recoupment by the Company based on a later determination that the vesting of such Options was based on materially inaccurate financial statements, whether or not the Participant caused or contributed to such material inaccuracy or is otherwise required to be forfeited or repaid upon such terms and conditions as may be imposed by the Committee in accordance with Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. Any such determination by the Committee (in its sole discretion) shall be deemed a failure by the Participant to meet conditions precedent to payment of the Award and may render the payment subject to recoupment. 
 20. Governing Law Venue . All questions pertaining to the construction, regulation, validity and effect of the provisions of this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas. In addition, Participant and Company agree that any disputes or claims concerning or relating to the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be filed in Collin County, State of Texas or the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas. 

21. Effective Date of Stock Option . This Option has been executed this ____ day of February, 2023, effective as of February __, 2023. 
 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 

By ______________________ 
 Its Authorized Officer 

_________________________ 
 Optionee 

</EX-10.49>

<EX-10.50>
 6
 gli202210-kexhibit1050xq4.htm
 EX-10.50

Document 

STATE OF TEXAS 
 COLLIN COUNTY 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. NON-QUALIFIED 
 STOCK OPTION GRANT AGREEMENT 

GLOBE LIFE INC., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the state of Delaware (the Company ), does hereby grant and give unto __________________________ (the Optionee or Participant ), the following non-qualified stock option (the Option upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. 
 AUTHORITY FOR GRANT 
 1. Stock Incentive Plan Consideration . The Option is granted under the provisions of the Globe Life Inc. 2018 Incentive Plan, formerly the Torchmark Corporation 2018 Incentive Plan (the Plan ), as a non-qualified option and is subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan and in return for Optionee s promises contained herein, including the terms and provisions of Section 12. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given them in the Plan which is incorporated by reference herein. 
 TERMS OF OPTION 
 2. Number of Shares . The Optionee is hereby granted an option to purchase from the Company ____________ shares (the Shares of the Company's common capital stock. 
 3. Option Price Per Share . The option price for each Share subject to the Option shall be _____, the closing price of the Stock on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Tape on February __, 2023, which is the Grant Date . 
 4. Option Period . The Option shall be and become first exercisable to the extent of 50 of the Shares on and after February __, 2025. The remaining Shares shall become exercisable on and after February __, 2026. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if the Option is not exercised with respect to all Shares prior to seven (7) years from the Grant Date, the Option shall terminate and the parties hereto shall have no further rights or 

obligations hereunder. For the purposes of this agreement, Option Period shall mean the seven (7) year period commencing on the Grant Date. 
 5. Method of Exercise . The Option may be exercised in whole or in part at any time during the Option Period, by giving written notice of exercise to the Company specifying the number of Shares to be purchased, accompanied by payment in full of the purchase price, in cash, by check or such other instrument as may be acceptable to the Compensation Committee of the Globe Life Inc. Board of Directors (the Committee ). Payment in full or in part may also be made in the form of unrestricted stock already owned by the Optionee (based on the fair market value of the stock on the date the Option is exercised). The Optionee shall have the rights to dividends or other rights of a stockholder with respect to the Shares subject to the option when the Optionee has given written notice of exercise and has paid in full for such Shares. 
 6. Transferability of Option . The Option may be transferred by the Optionee to members of the Optionee s Immediate Family (the children, grandchildren or spouse of the Optionee), to one or more trusts for the benefit of such Immediate Family members or to one or more partnerships where such Immediate Family members are the only partners if (i) the Optionee has received express written approval of such transfer from the Committee and (ii) the Optionee does not receive any consideration in any form whatsoever for said transfer. Except as provided in the foregoing sentence, the Option shall not be transferable by the Optionee other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 
 TERMINATION OF OPTION 
 7. Termination by Death . If the Optionee's employment with the Company, any Subsidiary and or any Affiliate terminates by reason of death (or if Optionee dies following termination of employment by reason of disability or retirement at or after age 65), the Option shall become immediately exercisable and may thereafter be exercised by the legal 

representative of the estate or by the legatee of the Optionee under the will of the Optionee, during the period ending on the expiration of the stated term of the Option or the first anniversary of the Optionee's death, whichever is later. 
 8. Termination by Reason of Disability . If the Optionee's employment with the Company, any Subsidiary, and or any Affiliate terminates by reason of Disability, the Option shall be immediately exercisable and may thereafter be exercised during the period ending on the expiration of the stated term of the Option. 
 9. Termination by Reason of Retirement . If the Optionee's employment with the Company, any Subsidiary, and or any Affiliate terminates by reason of Retirement at or after age 65, the Option shall become immediately exercisable (the Retirement Acceleration and may thereafter be exercised during the period ending on the expiration of the stated term of the Option. 
 If the Optionee's employment with the Company, any Subsidiary, and or any Affiliate terminates by reason of Retirement at or after age 60, the Option shall terminate five (5) years from the date of such Retirement or upon the expiration of the stated term of the Option, whichever is shorter. If the Optionee's employment with the Company, any Subsidiary and or any Affiliate terminates by reason of Retirement at or after age 55, the Option shall terminate three (3) years from the date of such Retirement or upon the expiration of the stated term of the Option, whichever is shorter. In the event of Retirement at or after ages 55 or 60, there shall be no acceleration of vesting of the Option, but the Option shall continue to vest in accordance with its regular schedule and may be exercised to the extent it is or becomes exercisable prior to the termination of the Option (the Continued Vesting Shares ). 
 10. Termination for Cause . If the Optionee's employment with the Company, any Subsidiary and or any Affiliate is terminated for Cause, or the Committee determines that the Optionee has engaged in conduct that would be grounds for termination with Cause, the Option 

shall be immediately forfeited to the Company upon the giving of notice of termination of employment. 
 11. Other Termination . If the Optionee's employment with the Company, any Subsidiary and or any Affiliate is involuntarily terminated by the Optionee's employer without Cause, the Option shall terminate three (3) months from the date of termination of employment or upon the expiration of the stated term of the Option, whichever is shorter. If the Optionee's employment with the Company, any Subsidiary and or any Affiliate is voluntarily terminated for any reason, the Option shall terminate one (1) month from the date of termination of employment or upon the expiration of the stated term of the Option, whichever is shorter. In the event of involuntary termination without Cause or voluntary termination, there shall be no acceleration of vesting, but the Option shall continue to vest in accordance with its regular schedule and may only be exercised to the extent it is or becomes exercisable prior to such termination. 
 12. Noncompetition Confidentiality Nonsolicitation. Upon Participant s separation from employment from the Company for any reason for a period of two (2) years from the date of such separation or in the event of termination under circumstances that entitle him to Retirement Acceleration or Continued Vesting Shares, during the remaining vesting period prior to the Vesting Date, whichever is longer (the Restriction Period ), Participant agrees not to engage or participate, directly or indirectly, including but not limited to as an employee, consultant, advisor, contractor, partner, owner or otherwise, in a competing business, which is one that provides the same or substantially similar products or services as the Business with which Participant was involved. Business is defined as product development, marketing, sales and servicing of life insurance, health insurance and annuity products through captive agents, independent agents and direct response marketing channels. Life insurance includes individual life or group life, with or without return-of-premium benefit. Health insurance includes accidental death or supplemental health insurance products, with or without return-of premium benefits, including 

cancer, critical illness, hospital indemnity, Medicare supplement. Annuity includes deferred annuities or single premium immediate annuities. (All of the foregoing are referred to collectively as the Business ). Participant further agrees that he will not serve as a Board member for any company that provides the same or similar products or services as the Business. Participant also agrees and understands that this noncompetition agreement extends to competition in any state in which Participant worked or directed work for the Company (referred to as the Restricted Area ). 
 Participant acknowledges that the Restricted Area, scope of prohibited activities, and the Restriction Period are reasonable and are no broader than are necessary to protect Company s legitimate business interests. Participant also acknowledges that the Company would not be providing the benefits set forth in this Agreement but for Participant s covenants and promises contained in this Section. Participant further agrees that during the non-competition term, Participant shall immediately notify the Company in writing of any employment, work, or business he undertakes with or on behalf of any person (including himself) or entity other than the Company and acknowledges and agrees that the Company may place Participant s future employer on notice of the Participant s post-employment obligations. 
 Participant further expressly agrees and understands that the Company has disclosed confidential, proprietary and or trade secret information to Participant. Participant agrees that he will not utilize nor disclose to any third party any of the Company s confidential, proprietary or trade secret information at any time in the future. In consideration of the Company disclosing such information to Participant and or for the consideration provided to Participant by the Company in this Agreement, which Participant acknowledges is sufficient and reasonable consideration, Participant has agreed to the non-competition provisions set forth herein. In addition, due to the type of information to which Participant has been given access, there are some types of future employment in which Participant would inevitably use and disclose 

confidential and proprietary information in violation of Participant s promises. Therefore, Participant acknowledges as part of this agreement the potential for such unauthorized inevitable disclosure and agrees that the non-competition provisions set forth herein are necessary and reasonable. 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, nothing herein shall prohibit Participant from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity or making other disclosures that are protected pursuant to federal law or regulation. Prior authorization from the Company is not required in order to make any such reports or disclosures and Participant is not required to notify the Company that such reports or disclosures have been made. 
 IMMUNITY NOTICE . Pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Participant may not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of the law or is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Should any provision in this Agreement conflict with this provision, this provision shall control. 
 Participant also agrees that during the Restriction Period he will not solicit the clients or customers of the Company in order to request or advise such clients or customers to end, change or curtail their business relationship with the Company. In addition, Participant agrees that during the Restriction Period he will not solicit any employee of the Company in order to request or advise any such employee to end, change or curtail their employment relationship with the Company. 
 If for any reason any court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this Section to be unreasonable in duration or scope or otherwise, Company and Participant agree that the 

court shall reform restrictions and prohibitions contained in this Section so that they shall be effective to the fullest extent allowed under applicable law. Each covenant set forth in this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and Participant s employment for any reason and shall be construed as an agreement independent of any other provision of this Agreement. 
 Participant acknowledges and agrees that the covenants, obligations and agreements of Participant contained in this Section concern special, unique and extraordinary matters and that a violation of any of the terms of these covenants, obligations or agreements will cause Company irreparable injury for which adequate remedies at law are not available. Therefore, Participant agrees that Company will be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, or any other equitable relief (without the requirement to post bond) as a court of competent jurisdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain Participant from committing any violation of the covenants, obligations or agreements referred to in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and in addition to any other rights and remedies Company may have against Participant. 
 In addition, Participant agrees that if the terms of this Section are violated or if the terms of this Section are determined to be unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, Participant shall forfeit and not be entitled to receive Retirement Acceleration or the Continued Vesting Shares herein. The Company shall be relieved from any obligation to provide Participant with Retirement Acceleration or the Continued Vesting Shares. If Participant has already received the Retirement Acceleration or the Continued Vesting Shares, Participant agrees to repay the Company the value of the Retirement Acceleration or the Continued Vesting Shares on the date it was received by Participant upon five (5) days written notice. 

GENERAL TERMS AND PROVISIONS 
 13. Shares Listed on the Exchange . The Shares for which the Option is hereby granted shall have been listed on the New York Stock Exchange at the time the Option is exercised. 
 14. Shares May be Newly Issued or Purchased . The Shares to be delivered upon exercise of the Option shall be made available, at the discretion of the Company, either from authorized but previously unissued Shares or from Shares held in the treasury of the Company. 
 15. Adjustment of Shares for Recapitalization . In the event of any merger, reorganization, consolidation, recapitalization, stock dividend, or other change in corporate structure affecting the Stock, a substitution or adjustment shall be made in the number and price of Shares. 
 16. Payment of Taxes . The Optionee shall, no later than the date as of which the value of any portion of the Option first becomes includable in the Optionee s gross income for Federal income tax purposes, pay to the Company, or make other arrangements satisfactory to the Committee, in its sole discretion, regarding payment of, the minimum Federal, state, local or FICA taxes of any kind required by the law to be withheld with respect to the Option. The obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall be conditional on such payment or arrangements. 
 The Optionee may elect, subject to the approval of the Committee, to satisfy the Optionee s minimum Federal, and where applicable, FICA, state and local tax withholding obligations arising from all awards by the reduction in an amount necessary to pay any such minimum withholding tax obligations, of the number of Shares of stock or amount of cash otherwise issuable or payable to said Optionee upon the issuance of Shares or payment of cash in respect of an Option. The Company and, where applicable, its Subsidiaries and Affiliates shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such minimum withholding 

taxes owed by an Optionee who is not subject to Section 16 of the 1934 Act from any payment of any kind otherwise due to said Optionee. 
 17. Headings . The headings contained herein are for convenience of reference only, do not constitute a part of this Grant Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. 
 18. Notices . Any notices required by or permitted to be given to the Company under this Agreement shall be made in writing and addressed to the Secretary of the Company in care of the Company's Legal Department, 3700 South Stonebridge Drive, McKinney, Texas 75070. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given when received by the Company. 
 19. Recoupment . Any Options awarded hereunder may be cancelled or forfeited and any shares of Stock issued upon exercise of the Option shall be subject to forfeiture and recoupment by the Company based on a later determination that the vesting of such Options was based on materially inaccurate financial statements, whether or not the Participant caused or contributed to such material inaccuracy or is otherwise required to be forfeited or repaid upon such terms and conditions as may be imposed by the Committee in accordance with Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. Any such determination by the Committee (in its sole discretion) shall be deemed a failure by the Participant to meet conditions precedent to payment of the Award and may render the payment subject to recoupment. 
 20. Governing Law Venue . All questions pertaining to the construction, regulation, validity and effect of the provisions of this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas. In addition, Participant and Company agree that any disputes or claims concerning or relating to the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be filed in Collin County, State of Texas or the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas. 

21. Effective Date of Stock Option . This Option has been executed this ____ day of February, 2023, effective as of February __, 2023. 
 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 

By ______________________ 
 Its Authorized Officer 

_________________________ 
 Optionee 

</EX-10.50>

<EX-10.51>
 7
 gli202210-kexhibit1051xq4.htm
 EX-10.51

Document 

Globe Life Inc. 
 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD CERTIFICATE 
 
 Non-transferable 
 
 G R A N T T O 

Grantee 
 
 by Globe Life Inc. (the Company of Restricted Stock Units (the RSUs representing the right to earn, on a one-for-one basis, shares of the Company s Common Stock, 1.00 par value Stock ), pursuant to and subject to the provisions of the Globe Life Inc. 2018 Incentive Plan, formerly the Torchmark Corporation 2018 Incentive Plan, (the Plan and to the terms and conditions set forth on the following pages of this award certificate (this Certificate ). 
 
 The number of RSUs subject to this award is (the Award ). 
 
 By accepting this Award, Grantee shall be deemed to have agreed to the terms and conditions of this Certificate and the Plan. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Globe Life Inc., acting by and through its duly authorized officers, has caused this Certificate to be executed. 
 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 

By ___________________________ 
 Its Authorized Officer 
 Grant Date ____________, 2023 

Accepted by Grantee __________________________ 

32917368_2 

TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 1. Defined Terms . Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Plan. 
 
 2. Vesting of RSUs . The RSUs have been credited to a bookkeeping account on behalf of Grantee and do not represent actual shares of Stock. The RSUs are being awarded to the Grantee in return for Grantee s promises contained herein. RSUs will vest and become non-forfeitable on the earliest to occur of the following (the Vesting Date 
 
 (a) ________, 2026, provided Grantee has continued in the employment of the Company or its Affiliates through such date, or 
 (b) the termination of Grantee s employment due to death or Disability, or 
 (c) the termination of Grantee s employment due to retirement after the Grantee has attained the age of 60, provided that the portion vested will depend upon the amount of service following the Grant Date with 33.33 of the RSUs eligible for vesting upon retirement after the first anniversary of the Grant Date and 66.67 of the RSUs eligible for vesting after the second anniversary of the Grant Date, or 
 (d) a Change in Control of the Company in which the RSUs are not assumed by the Surviving Entity or otherwise equitably converted or substituted in connection with the Change in Control in a manner approved by the Committee or the Board, or 
 (e) upon the occurrence of (i) a Change in Control of the Company in which the RSUs are assumed by the Surviving Entity or otherwise equitably converted or substituted in connection with the Change in Control and (ii) if within three years after the effective date of the Change in Control, Grantee s employment is terminated without Cause or Grantee resigns for Good Reason. 
 
 In the event Grantee s employment terminates for any reason other than as described above at any time prior to the applicable Vesting Date, all of Grantee s RSUs will immediately be forfeited to the Company without further consideration or any act or action by Grantee unless the Committee approves of vesting within its sole and absolute discretion as described under the terms of the Plan. 
 
 3. Settlement in Stock . Any vested RSUs will be settled by the Company by issuing shares of Stock (one share per vested RSU) within thirty (30) days following the Vesting Date by book-entry registration or by issuance of shares in Grantee s name. Any RSUs that fail to vest in accordance with the terms of this Certificate will be forfeited. 
 
 4. Restrictions on Transfer and Pledge . No right or interest of Grantee in the RSUs may be pledged, encumbered, or hypothecated or be made subject to any lien, obligation, or liability of Grantee to any other party other than the Company or an Affiliate. The RSUs may not be sold, assigned, transferred or otherwise disposed of by Grantee other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. 
 
 5. Restrictions on Issuance of Stock . If at any time the Committee shall determine, in its discretion, that registration, listing or qualification of the Stock underlying the RSUs upon any securities exchange or similar self-regulatory organization or under any foreign, federal, or local law or practice, or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory body, is necessary or desirable as a condition to the settlement of the RSUs, stock units will not be converted to Stock in whole or in part unless and until such registration, listing, qualification, consent or approval shall have been effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Committee. 
 
 6. Limitation of Rights . The RSUs do not confer to Grantee or Grantee s beneficiary, executors or administrators any voting rights, rights to receive dividends or any other rights of a shareholder of the Company unless and until shares of Stock are in fact issued to such person in connection with the units. Nothing in this Certificate shall interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company or any Affiliate to terminate Grantee s employment at any time, nor confer upon Grantee any right to continue in employment of the Company or any Affiliate. 
 
 7. No Entitlement to Future Awards . The grant of the RSUs does not entitle Grantee to the grant of any additional units or other awards under the Plan in the future. Future grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company, including, but not limited to, the timing of any grant, the number of units, and vesting provisions. 
 
 8. Payment of Taxes . The Company or any Affiliate employing Grantee has the authority and the right to deduct or withhold, or require Grantee to remit to the employer, an amount sufficient to satisfy federal, state, and local taxes (including Grantee s FICA obligation) required by law to be withheld with respect to any taxable event arising as a result of the vesting or settlement of the RSUs. With respect to withholding required upon any taxable event arising as a result of the Award, the employer may satisfy the tax withholding requirement by withholding shares of Stock having a Fair Market Value, as of the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined, as nearly equal as possible to (but no more than) the total minimum statutory tax required to be withheld. The obligations of the Company under this Agreement will be conditional on such payment or arrangements, and the Company, and, where applicable, its Affiliates will, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to Grantee. 
 
 9. Recoupment . Any RSUs awarded hereunder may be cancelled or forfeited and any shares of Stock issued hereunder shall be subject to forfeiture and recoupment by the Company based on a later determination that the vesting of such RSUs was 
 
 32917368_2 2 

based on materially inaccurate financial statements, whether or not the Participant caused or contributed to such material inaccuracy or is otherwise required to be forfeited or repaid upon such terms and conditions as may be imposed by the Committee in accordance with Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. Any such determination by the Committee (in its sole discretion) shall be deemed a failure by the Participant to meet conditions precedent to payment of the Award and may render the payment subject to recoupment. 
 
 10. Amendment . Subject to the terms of the Plan, the Committee may amend, modify or terminate this Certificate without approval of Grantee provided, however, that such amendment, modification or termination shall not, without Grantee s consent, reduce or diminish the value of this award determined as if it had been fully vested (i.e., as if all restrictions on the RSUs hereunder had expired) on the date of such amendment or termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Grantee hereby expressly agrees to any amendment to the Plan and this Agreement to the extent necessary to comply with applicable law or changes to applicable law (including, but not limited to, Code Section 409A) and related regulations or other guidance and federal securities laws. 
 
 11. Plan Controls . The terms contained in the Plan shall be and are hereby incorporated into and made a part of this Certificate and this Certificate shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Plan. Without limiting the foregoing, the terms and conditions of the RSUs, including the number of shares and the class or series of capital stock which may be delivered upon settlement of the RSUs, are subject to adjustment as provided in Article 15 of the Plan. In the event of any actual or alleged conflict between the provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Certificate, the provisions of the Plan shall be controlling and determinative. Any conflict between this Certificate and the terms of a written employment with Grantee that has been approved, ratified or confirmed by the Committee shall be decided in favor of the provisions of such employment agreement. 
 
 12. Governing Law Venue . Except as noted below, this Certificate shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, United States of America, regardless of the law that might be applied under principles of conflict of laws. In addition, Grantee and the Company agree that any disputes or claims concerning or relating to the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be filed in Collin County, State of Texas or the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas. 
 
 13. Severability . If any one or more of the provisions contained in this Certificate is deemed to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the other provisions of this Certificate will be construed and enforced as if the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been included. 
 
 14. Relationship to Other Benefits . The RSUs shall not affect the calculation of benefits under any other compensation plan or program of the Company, except to the extent specially provided in such other plan or program. 
 
 15. Notice . Notices and communications hereunder must be in writing and either personally delivered or sent by registered or certified United States mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. Notices to the Company must be addressed to Globe Life Inc., 3700 South Stonebridge Drive, McKinney, Texas 75070, Attn Corporate Secretary, or any other address designated by the Company in a written notice to Grantee. Notices to Grantee will be directed to the address of Grantee then currently on file with the Company, or at any other address given by Grantee in a written notice to the Company. 

32917368_2 3 

16. Section 409A . The RSUs awarded hereunder are intended to be exempt from Code Section 409A as a short-term deferral. In the event the RSUs are determined not to be exempt, it is intended to comply with Code Section 409A and any ambiguous provision will be construed in a manner that is compliant with or exempt from the application of Section 409A. Any reference to Grantee s termination of employment shall mean a cessation of the employment relationship between the Grantee and the Company which constitutes a separation from service as determined in accordance with Code Section 409A and related regulations. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Certificate, if the Grantee is deemed on the date of termination to be a specified employee within the meaning of that term under Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code, then the payments under this Certificate that are subject to Section 409A and paid by reason of a termination of employment shall be made or provided on the later of (a) the payment date set forth in this Certificate, or (b) the date that is the earliest of (i) the expiration of the six-month period measured from the date of Grantee s termination of employment or (ii) the date of the Grantee s death, if applicable (the Delay Period ). Payments subject to the Delay Period shall be paid to the Grantee without interest for such delay in payment. 

32917368_2 4 

</EX-10.51>

<EX-10.52>
 8
 gli202210-kexhibit1052xq4.htm
 EX-10.52

Document 

Globe Life Inc. 
 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD CERTIFICATE 
 
 Non-transferable 
 
 G R A N T T O 

Grantee 
 
 by Globe Life Inc. (the Company of Restricted Stock Units (the RSUs representing the right to earn, on a one-for-one basis, shares of the Company s Common Stock, 1.00 par value Stock ), pursuant to and subject to the provisions of the Globe Life Inc. 2018 Incentive Plan, formerly the Torchmark Corporation 2018 Incentive Plan, (the Plan and to the terms and conditions set forth on the following pages of this award certificate (this Certificate ). 
 
 The number of RSUs subject to this award is (the Award ). 
 
 By accepting this Award, Grantee shall be deemed to have agreed to the terms and conditions of this Certificate and the Plan. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Globe Life Inc., acting by and through its duly authorized officers, has caused this Certificate to be executed. 
 
 GLOBE LIFE INC. 

By ___________________________ 
 Its Authorized Officer 
 Grant Date ____________, 2023 

Accepted by Grantee _________________________ 

32917368_2 

TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 1. Defined Terms . Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Plan. 
 
 2. Vesting of RSUs . The RSUs have been credited to a bookkeeping account on behalf of Grantee and do not represent actual shares of Stock. The RSUs are being awarded to the Grantee in return for Grantee s promises contained herein including the terms and provisions of Section 6. RSUs will vest and become non-forfeitable on the earliest to occur of the following (the Vesting Date 
 
 (a) ________, 2026, provided Grantee has continued in the employment of the Company or its Affiliates through such date, or 
 (b) the termination of Grantee s employment due to death or Disability, or 
 (c) the termination of Grantee s employment due to retirement after the Grantee has attained the age of 60, provided that the portion vested will depend upon the amount of service following the Grant Date with 33.33 of the RSUs eligible for vesting upon retirement after the first anniversary of the Grant Date and 66.67 of the RSUs eligible for vesting after the second anniversary of the Grant Date, or 
 (d) a Change in Control of the Company in which the RSUs are not assumed by the Surviving Entity or otherwise equitably converted or substituted in connection with the Change in Control in a manner approved by the Committee or the Board, or 
 (e) upon the occurrence of (i) a Change in Control of the Company in which the RSUs are assumed by the Surviving Entity or otherwise equitably converted or substituted in connection with the Change in Control and (ii) if within three years after the effective date of the Change in Control, Grantee s employment is terminated without Cause or Grantee resigns for Good Reason. 
 
 In the event Grantee s employment terminates for any reason other than as described above at any time prior to the applicable Vesting Date, all of Grantee s RSUs will immediately be forfeited to the Company without further consideration or any act or action by Grantee unless the Committee approves of vesting within its sole and absolute discretion as described under the terms of the Plan. 
 
 3. Settlement in Stock . Any vested RSUs will be settled by the Company by issuing shares of Stock (one share per vested RSU) within thirty (30) days following the Vesting Date by book-entry registration or by issuance of shares in Grantee s name. Any RSUs that fail to vest in accordance with the terms of this Certificate will be forfeited. 
 
 4. Restrictions on Transfer and Pledge . No right or interest of Grantee in the RSUs may be pledged, encumbered, or hypothecated or be made subject to any lien, obligation, or liability of Grantee to any other party other than the Company or an Affiliate. The RSUs may not be sold, assigned, transferred or otherwise disposed of by Grantee other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. 
 
 5. Restrictions on Issuance of Stock . If at any time the Committee shall determine, in its discretion, that registration, listing or qualification of the Stock underlying the RSUs upon any securities exchange or similar self-regulatory organization or under any foreign, federal, or local law or practice, or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory body, is necessary or desirable as a condition to the settlement of the RSUs, stock units will not be converted to Stock in whole or in part unless and until such registration, listing, qualification, consent or approval shall have been effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Committee. 
 
 6. Noncompetition Confidentiality Nonsolicitation. Upon Grantee s separation from employment from the Company for any reason for a period of two (2) years from the date of such separation (the Restriction Period ), Grantee agrees not to engage or participate, directly or indirectly, including but not limited to as an employee, consultant, advisor, contractor, partner, owner or otherwise, in a competing business, which is one that provides the same or substantially similar products or services as the Business with which Grantee was involved. Business is defined as product development, marketing, sales and servicing of life insurance, health insurance and annuity products through captive agents, independent agents and direct response marketing channels. Life insurance includes individual life or group life, with or without return-of-premium benefit. Health insurance includes accidental death or supplemental health insurance products, with or without return-of premium benefits, including cancer, critical illness, hospital indemnity, or Medicare supplement. Annuity includes deferred annuities or single premium immediate annuities. (All of the foregoing are referred to collectively as the Business ). Grantee further agrees that he will not serve as a Board member for any company that provides the same or similar products or services as the Business. Grantee also agrees and understands that this noncompetition agreement extends to competition in any state in which Grantee worked or directed work for the Company (referred to as the Restricted Area ). 
 
 Grantee acknowledges that the Restricted Area, scope of prohibited activities, and the Restriction Period are reasonable and are no broader than are necessary to protect Company s legitimate business interests. Grantee also acknowledges that the Company would not be providing the benefits set forth in this Agreement but for Grantee s covenants and promises contained in this Section. Grantee further agrees that during the non-competition term, Grantee shall immediately notify the Company in writing of any employment, work, or business he undertakes with or on behalf of any person (including himself) or entity other than the Company and acknowledges and agrees that the Company may place Grantee s future employer on notice of the Grantee s post-employment obligations. 

32917368_2 2 

Grantee further expressly agrees and understands that the Company has disclosed confidential, proprietary and or trade secret information to Grantee. Grantee agrees that he will not utilize nor disclose to any third party any of the Company s confidential, proprietary or trade secret information at any time in the future. In consideration of the Company disclosing such information to Grantee and or for the consideration provided to Grantee by the Company in this Agreement, which Grantee acknowledges is sufficient and reasonable consideration, Grantee has agreed to the non-competition provisions set forth herein. In addition, due to the type of information to which Grantee has been given access, there are some types of future employment in which Grantee would inevitably use and disclose confidential and proprietary information in violation of Grantee s promises. Therefore, Grantee acknowledges as part of this agreement the potential for such unauthorized inevitable disclosure and agrees that the non-competition provisions set forth herein are necessary and reasonable. 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, nothing herein shall prohibit Grantee from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity or making other disclosures that are protected pursuant to federal law or regulation. Prior authorization from the Company is not required in order to make any such reports or disclosures and Grantee is not required to notify the Company that such reports or disclosures have been made. 
 
 IMMUNITY NOTICE. Pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Grantee may not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of the law or is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Should any provision in this Agreement conflict with this provision, this provision shall control. 
 
 Grantee also agrees that during the Restriction Period he will not solicit the clients or customers of the Company in order to request or advise such clients or customers to end, change or curtail their business relationship with the Company. In addition, Grantee agrees that during the Restriction Period he will not solicit any employee of the Company in order to request or advise any such employee to end, change or curtail their employment relationship with the Company. 
 
 If for any reason any court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this Section to be unreasonable in duration or scope or otherwise, Company and Grantee agree that the Court shall reform the restrictions and prohibitions contained in this Section so that they shall be effective to the fullest extent allowed under applicable law. Each covenant set forth in this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and Grantee s employment for any reason and shall be construed as an agreement independent of any other provision of this Agreement. 
 
 Grantee acknowledges and agrees that the covenants, obligations and agreements of Grantee contained in this Section concern special, unique and extraordinary matters and that a violation of any of the terms of these covenants, obligations or agreements will cause Company irreparable injury for which adequate remedies at law are not available. Therefore, Grantee agrees that Company will be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, or any other equitable relief (without the requirement to post bond) as a court of competent jurisdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain Grantee from committing any violation of the covenants, obligations or agreements referred to in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and in addition to any other rights and remedies Company may have against Grantee. 
 
 In addition, Grantee agrees that if the terms of this Section are violated or if the terms of this Section are determined to be unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, Grantee shall forfeit and not be entitled to receive the RSUs granted herein. If Grantee has already received the RSUs, Grantee agrees to repay the Company the value of the RSUs on the date it was received by Grantee upon five (5) days written notice. 
 
 7. Limitation of Rights . The RSUs do not confer to Grantee or Grantee s beneficiary, executors or administrators any voting rights, rights to receive dividends or any other rights of a shareholder of the Company unless and until shares of Stock are in fact issued to such person in connection with the units. Nothing in this Certificate shall interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company or any Affiliate to terminate Grantee s employment at any time, nor confer upon Grantee any right to continue in employment of the Company or any Affiliate. 
 
 8. No Entitlement to Future Awards . The grant of the RSUs does not entitle Grantee to the grant of any additional units or other awards under the Plan in the future. Future grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company, including, but not limited to, the timing of any grant, the number of units, and vesting provisions. 
 
 9. Payment of Taxes . The Company or any Affiliate employing Grantee has the authority and the right to deduct or withhold, or require Grantee to remit to the employer, an amount sufficient to satisfy federal, state, and local taxes (including Grantee s FICA obligation) required by law to be withheld with respect to any taxable event arising as a result of the vesting or settlement of the RSUs. With respect to withholding required upon any taxable event arising as a result of the Award, the employer may satisfy the tax withholding requirement by withholding shares of Stock having a Fair Market Value, as of the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined, as nearly equal as possible to (but no more than) the total minimum statutory tax required to be withheld. The obligations of the Company under this Agreement will be conditional on such payment or arrangements, and the Company, and, where applicable, its Affiliates will, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to Grantee. 
 
 10. Recoupment . Any RSUs awarded hereunder may be cancelled or forfeited and any shares of Stock issued hereunder shall be subject to forfeiture and recoupment by the Company based on a later determination that the vesting of such RSUs was based on materially inaccurate financial statements, whether or not the Participant caused or contributed to such material inaccuracy or is otherwise required to be forfeited or repaid upon such terms and conditions as may be imposed by the Committee in accordance with Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. Any such determination by the Committee (in its sole discretion) shall be deemed a failure by the Participant to meet conditions precedent to payment of the Award and may render the payment subject to recoupment. 
 
 32917368_2 3 

11. Amendment . Subject to the terms of the Plan, the Committee may amend, modify or terminate this Certificate without approval of Grantee provided, however, that such amendment, modification or termination shall not, without Grantee s consent, reduce or diminish the value of this award determined as if it had been fully vested (i.e., as if all restrictions on the RSUs hereunder had expired) on the date of such amendment or termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Grantee hereby expressly agrees to any amendment to the Plan and this Agreement to the extent necessary to comply with applicable law or changes to applicable law (including, but not limited to, Code Section 409A) and related regulations or other guidance and federal securities laws. 
 
 12. Plan Controls . The terms contained in the Plan shall be and are hereby incorporated into and made a part of this Certificate and this Certificate shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Plan. Without limiting the foregoing, the terms and conditions of the RSUs, including the number of shares and the class or series of capital stock which may be delivered upon settlement of the RSUs, are subject to adjustment as provided in Article 15 of the Plan. In the event of any actual or alleged conflict between the provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Certificate, the provisions of the Plan shall be controlling and determinative. Any conflict between this Certificate and the terms of a written employment with Grantee that has been approved, ratified or confirmed by the Committee shall be decided in favor of the provisions of such employment agreement. 
 
 13. Governing Law Venue . Except as noted below, this Certificate shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, United States of America, regardless of the law that might be applied under principles of conflict of laws. However, the terms and provisions set forth in Section 6 shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas. In addition, Grantee and the Company agree that any disputes or claims concerning or relating to the terms and provisions of this Agreement (including Section 6) shall be filed in Collin County, State of Texas or the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas. 
 
 14. Severability . If any one or more of the provisions contained in this Certificate is deemed to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the other provisions of this Certificate will be construed and enforced as if the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been included. 
 
 15. Relationship to Other Benefits . The RSUs shall not affect the calculation of benefits under any other compensation plan or program of the Company, except to the extent specially provided in such other plan or program. 
 
 16. Notice . Notices and communications hereunder must be in writing and either personally delivered or sent by registered or certified United States mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. Notices to the Company must be addressed to Globe Life Inc., 3700 South Stonebridge Drive, McKinney, Texas 75070, Attn Corporate Secretary, or any other address designated by the Company in a written notice to Grantee. Notices to Grantee will be directed to the address of Grantee then currently on file with the Company, or at any other address given by Grantee in a written notice to the Company. 

32917368_2 4 

17. Section 409A . The RSUs awarded hereunder are intended to be exempt from Code Section 409A as a short-term deferral. In the event the RSUs are determined not to be exempt, it is intended to comply with Code Section 409A and any ambiguous provision will be construed in a manner that is compliant with or exempt from the application of Section 409A. Any reference to Grantee s termination of employment shall mean a cessation of the employment relationship between the Grantee and the Company which constitutes a separation from service as determined in accordance with Code Section 409A and related regulations. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Certificate, if the Grantee is deemed on the date of termination to be a specified employee within the meaning of that term under Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code, then the payments under this Certificate that are subject to Section 409A and paid by reason of a termination of employment shall be made or provided on the later of (a) the payment date set forth in this Certificate, or (b) the date that is the earliest of (i) the expiration of the six-month period measured from the date of Grantee s termination of employment or (ii) the date of the Grantee s death, if applicable (the Delay Period ). Payments subject to the Delay Period shall be paid to the Grantee without interest for such delay in payment. 
 
 32917368_2 5 

</EX-10.52>

<EX-23>
 9
 gli202210-kexhibit23xq4.htm
 EX-23

Document 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-227501, 333-256848 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos. 2-76378, 333-175185, 333-195314, 333-208999, 333-225417, 333-225992 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 22, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules of Globe Life Inc. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of Globe Life Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Globe Life Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 10
 gli202210-kexhibit24xq4.htm
 EX-24

Document 
 Exhibit 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS 
 
 That the undersigned Director of Globe Life Inc. does hereby constitute and appoint Thomas P. Kalmbach, R. Brian Mitchell and Chris T. Moore, and each of them severally, her lawful attorneys and agents, for her and in her name and in the capacity indicated below, with full power and authority to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents determine may be necessary, advisable, or required to enable the said Corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations, or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Form 10 K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the powers granted include the power and authority to execute and file the Form 10-K, any and all amendments to the Form 10 K and any and all instruments or documents submitted as a part of or in conjunction with the Form 10 K. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms her signature as it may be signed by said attorneys and all that said attorneys and agents shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below her name. 
 
 s Linda L. Addison 
 Linda L. Addison, Director 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 

Exhibit 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS 
 
 That the undersigned Director of Globe Life Inc. does hereby constitute and appoint Thomas P. Kalmbach, R. Brian Mitchell and Chris T. Moore, and each of them severally, her lawful attorneys and agents, for her and in her name and in the capacity indicated below, with full power and authority to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents determine may be necessary, advisable, or required to enable the said Corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations, or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the powers granted include the power and authority to execute and file the Form 10-K, any and all amendments to the Form 10-K and any and all instruments or documents submitted as a part of or in conjunction with the Form 10-K. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms her signature as it may be signed by said attorneys and all that said attorneys and agents shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below her name. 
 
 s Marilyn A. Alexander 
 Marilyn A. Alexander, Director 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 

Exhibit 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS 
 
 That the undersigned Director of Globe Life Inc. does hereby constitute and appoint Thomas P. Kalmbach, R. Brian Mitchell and Chris T. Moore, and each of them severally, her lawful attorneys and agents, for her and in her name and in the capacity indicated below, with full power and authority to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents determine may be necessary, advisable, or required to enable the said Corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations, or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the powers granted include the power and authority to execute and file the Form 10-K, any and all amendments to the Form 10-K and any and all instruments or documents submitted as a part of or in conjunction with the Form 10-K. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms her signature as it may be signed by said attorneys and all that said attorneys and agents shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below her name. 

s Cheryl D. Alston 
 Cheryl D. Alston, Director 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 

Exhibit 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS 
 
 That the undersigned Director of Globe Life Inc. does hereby constitute and appoint Thomas P. Kalmbach, R. Brian Mitchell and Chris T. Moore, and each of them severally, his lawful attorneys and agents, for him and in his name and in the capacity indicated below, with full power and authority to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents determine may be necessary, advisable, or required to enable the said Corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations, or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the powers granted include the power and authority to execute and file the Form 10-K, any and all amendments to the Form 10-K and any and all instruments or documents submitted as a part of or in conjunction with the Form 10-K. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms his signature as it may be signed by said attorneys and all that said attorneys and agents shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below his name. 

s Mark A. Blinn 
 Mark A. Blinn, Director 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 

Exhibit 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS 
 
 That the undersigned Director of Globe Life Inc. does hereby constitute and appoint Thomas P. Kalmbach, R. Brian Mitchell and Chris T. Moore, and each of them severally, his lawful attorneys and agents, for him and in his name and in the capacity indicated below, with full power and authority to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents determine may be necessary, advisable, or required to enable the said Corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations, or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the powers granted include the power and authority to execute and file the Form 10-K, any and all amendments to the Form 10-K and any and all instruments or documents submitted as a part of or in conjunction with the Form 10-K. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms his signature as it may be signed by said attorneys and all that said attorneys and agents shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below his name. 

s James P. Brannen 
 James P. Brannen, Director 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 

Exhibit 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS 
 
 That the undersigned Director of Globe Life Inc. does hereby constitute and appoint Thomas P. Kalmbach, R. Brian Mitchell and Chris T. Moore, and each of them severally, her lawful attorneys and agents, for her and in her name and in the capacity indicated below, with full power and authority to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents determine may be necessary, advisable, or required to enable the said Corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations, or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the powers granted include the power and authority to execute and file the Form 10-K, any and all amendments to the Form 10-K and any and all instruments or documents submitted as a part of or in conjunction with the Form 10-K. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms her signature as it may be signed by said attorneys and all that said attorneys and agents shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below her name. 

s Jane Buchan 
 Jane Buchan, Director 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 

Exhibit 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS 
 
 That the undersigned Officer and Director of Globe Life Inc. does hereby constitute and appoint Thomas P. Kalmbach, R. Brian Mitchell and Chris T. Moore, and each of them severally, his lawful attorneys and agents, for him and in his name and in the capacity indicated below, with full power and authority to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents determine may be necessary, advisable, or required to enable the said Corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations, or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the powers granted include the power and authority to execute and file the Form 10-K, any and all amendments to the Form 10-K and any and all instruments or documents submitted as a part of or in conjunction with the Form 10-K. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms his signature as it may be signed by said attorneys and all that said attorneys and agents shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below his name. 

s Gary L. Coleman 
 Gary L. Coleman, Director 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 

Exhibit 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS 
 
 That the undersigned Officer and Director of Globe Life Inc. does hereby constitute and appoint Thomas P. Kalmbach, R. Brian Mitchell and Chris T. Moore, and each of them severally, his lawful attorneys and agents, for him and in his name and in the capacity indicated below, with full power and authority to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents determine may be necessary, advisable, or required to enable the said Corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations, or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the powers granted include the power and authority to execute and file the Form 10-K, any and all amendments to the Form 10-K and any and all instruments or documents submitted as a part of or in conjunction with the Form 10-K. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms his signature as it may be signed by said attorneys and all that said attorneys and agents shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below his name. 

s Larry M. Hutchison 
 Larry M. Hutchison, Director 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 

Exhibit 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS 
 
 That the undersigned Director of Globe Life Inc. does hereby constitute and appoint Thomas P. Kalmbach, R. Brian Mitchell and Chris T. Moore, and each of them severally, his lawful attorneys and agents, for him and in his name and in the capacity indicated below, with full power and authority to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents determine may be necessary, advisable, or required to enable the said Corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations, or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the powers granted include the power and authority to execute and file the Form 10-K, any and all amendments to the Form 10-K and any and all instruments or documents submitted as a part of or in conjunction with the Form 10-K. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms his signature as it may be signed by said attorneys and all that said attorneys and agents shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below his name. 

s Robert W. Ingram 
 Robert W. Ingram, Director 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 

Exhibit 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS 
 
 That the undersigned Director of Globe Life Inc. does hereby constitute and appoint Thomas P. Kalmbach, R. Brian Mitchell and Chris T. Moore, and each of them severally, his lawful attorneys and agents, for him and in his name and in the capacity indicated below, with full power and authority to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents determine may be necessary, advisable, or required to enable the said Corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations, or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the powers granted include the power and authority to execute and file the Form 10-K, any and all amendments to the Form 10-K and any and all instruments or documents submitted as a part of or in conjunction with the Form 10-K. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms his signature as it may be signed by said attorneys and all that said attorneys and agents shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below his name. 

s Steven P. Johnson 
 Steven P. Johnson, Director 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 

Exhibit 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS 
 
 That the undersigned Director of Globe Life Inc. does hereby constitute and appoint Thomas P. Kalmbach, R. Brian Mitchell and Chris T. Moore, and each of them severally, his lawful attorneys and agents, for him and in his name and in the capacity indicated below, with full power and authority to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents determine may be necessary, advisable, or required to enable the said Corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations, or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the powers granted include the power and authority to execute and file the Form 10-K, any and all amendments to the Form 10-K and any and all instruments or documents submitted as a part of or in conjunction with the Form 10-K. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms his signature as it may be signed by said attorneys and all that said attorneys and agents shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below his name. 

s Darren M. Rebelez 
 Darren M. Rebelez, Director 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 

Exhibit 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS 
 
 That the undersigned Director of Globe Life Inc. does hereby constitute and appoint Thomas P. Kalmbach, R. Brian Mitchell and Chris T. Moore, and each of them severally, her lawful attorneys and agents, for her and in her name and in the capacity indicated below, with full power and authority to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents determine may be necessary, advisable, or required to enable the said Corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations, or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the powers granted include the power and authority to execute and file the Form 10-K, any and all amendments to the Form 10-K and any and all instruments or documents submitted as a part of or in conjunction with the Form 10-K. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms her signature as it may be signed by said attorneys and all that said attorneys and agents shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below her name. 

s Mary E. Thigpen 
 Mary E. Thigpen, Director 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 

Exhibit 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS 
 
 That the undersigned Officer and Director of Globe Life Inc. does hereby constitute and appoint Thomas P. Kalmbach, R. Brian Mitchell and Chris T. Moore, and each of them severally, his lawful attorneys and agents, for him and in his name and in the capacity indicated below, with full power and authority to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents determine may be necessary, advisable, or required to enable the said Corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations, or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the powers granted include the power and authority to execute and file the Form 10-K, any and all amendments to the Form 10-K and any and all instruments or documents submitted as a part of or in conjunction with the Form 10-K. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms his signature as it may be signed by said attorneys and all that said attorneys and agents shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below his name. 

s J. Matthew Darden 
 J. Matthew Darden, Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 

Exhibit 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS 
 
 That the undersigned Officer and Director of Globe Life Inc. does hereby constitute and appoint Thomas P. Kalmbach, R. Brian Mitchell and Chris T. Moore, and each of them severally, his lawful attorneys and agents, for him and in his name and in the capacity indicated below, with full power and authority to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents determine may be necessary, advisable, or required to enable the said Corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations, or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the powers granted include the power and authority to execute and file the Form 10-K, any and all amendments to the Form 10-K and any and all instruments or documents submitted as a part of or in conjunction with the Form 10-K. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms his signature as it may be signed by said attorneys and all that said attorneys and agents shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below his name. 

s Frank M. Svoboda 
 Frank M. Svoboda, Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 

Exhibit 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS 
 
 That the undersigned Officer and Director of Globe Life Inc. does hereby constitute and appoint R. Brian Mitchell and Chris T. Moore, and each of them severally, his lawful attorneys and agents, for him and in his name and in the capacity indicated below, with full power and authority to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents determine may be necessary, advisable, or required to enable the said Corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations, or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the powers granted include the power and authority to execute and file the Form 10-K, any and all amendments to the Form 10-K and any and all instruments or documents submitted as a part of or in conjunction with the Form 10-K. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms his signature as it may be signed by said attorneys and all that said attorneys and agents shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below his name. 

s Thomas P. Kalmbach 
 Thomas P. Kalmbach, Executive Vice 
 President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 

Exhibit 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS 
 
 That the undersigned Officer and Director of Globe Life Inc. does hereby constitute and appoint Thomas P. Kalmbach, R. Brian Mitchell and Chris T. Moore, and each of them severally, his lawful attorneys and agents, for him and in his name and in the capacity indicated below, with full power and authority to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents determine may be necessary, advisable, or required to enable the said Corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations, or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the powers granted include the power and authority to execute and file the Form 10-K, any and all amendments to the Form 10-K and any and all instruments or documents submitted as a part of or in conjunction with the Form 10-K. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms his signature as it may be signed by said attorneys and all that said attorneys and agents shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below his name. 

s M. Shane Henrie 
 M. Shane Henrie, Corporate Senior Vice 
 President and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 11
 a10-kex311dardenq4fy2022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, J. Matthew Darden, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Globe Life Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 22, 2023 
 s J. Matthew Darden J. Matthew Darden Co-Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 12
 a10-kex312svobodaq4fy2022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Frank M. Svoboda, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Globe Life Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 22, 2023 
 s Frank M. Svoboda Frank M. Svoboda Co-Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 13
 a10-kex313kalmbachq4fy2022.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 

Exhibit 31.3 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Thomas P. Kalmbach, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Globe Life Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 s Thomas P. Kalmbach Thomas P. Kalmbach Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 14
 a10-kexhibit321allq4fy2022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT 

We, J. Matthew Darden, Co-Chief Executive Officer, Frank M. Svoboda, Co-Chief Executive Officer, and Thomas P. Kalmbach, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of Globe Life Inc., certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to the best of our knowledge 
 
 (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 
 
 s J. Matthew Darden 

J. Matthew Darden 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 

s Frank M. Svoboda 

Frank M. Svoboda 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 

s Thomas P. Kalmbach 

Thomas P. Kalmbach 
 Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 gl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 gl-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 gl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 gl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 gl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

