<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1763329_0001096906-23-000683.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3106513</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>120427</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>629913</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>755916</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>589610</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>940195</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001096906-23-000683.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330144135
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001096906-23-000683
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Mycotopia Therapies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001763329
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEDICINAL CHEMICALS & BOTANICAL PRODUCTS [2833]
		IRS NUMBER:				870645794
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56022
		FILM NUMBER:		23779868

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		480 22ND STREET
		CITY:			HEYBURN
		STATE:			ID
		ZIP:			83336
		BUSINESS PHONE:		208-677-2020

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		480 22ND STREET
		CITY:			HEYBURN
		STATE:			ID
		ZIP:			83336

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	20/20 Global, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001096906-23-000683.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 tpia-20221231.htm
 MYCOTOPIA THERAPIES, INC. - FORM 10-K SEC FILING

MYCOTOPIA THERAPIES, INC. - Form 10-K SEC filing 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _______ to _____ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

- - 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 
 Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 
 Common Stock, Par Value 0.001 
 
 (Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to the Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting fi rm that prepared or issued its audit report 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The aggregate market value of the voting and nonvoting common equity held by non affiliates, computed by reference to the price at which our common equity was last sold or the average bid and asked price of such common equity at June 30, 2022, was . 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. As of March 27, 2023, we had shares of common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: None . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 

Part I 

Item 1 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 15 
 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 15 
 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 16 
 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 16 

Part II 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 16 
 
 Item 6 
 Selected Financial Data 
 17 
 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 17 
 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 19 
 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 19 
 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 19 
 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 19 
 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 20 

Part III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 20 
 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 21 
 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 22 
 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 23 
 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 23 

Part IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 24 
 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 

Signatures 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This report contains statements about the future, sometimes referred to as forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by use of the words believe, may, could, should, expect, anticipate, estimate, project, propose, plan, intend, and similar words and expressions. Statements that describe our future strategic goals, plans, objectives, and predictions are also forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements may relate to our anticipated marketing results, customer acceptance, revenues, gross margin and operating results, future performance and operations, plans for future expansion, capital spending, sources of liquidity, and financing sources. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 
 
 Any forward-looking statements, including those regarding our management s current beliefs, expectations, anticipations, estimations, projections, proposals, plans or intentions, are not guarantees of future performance, results, or events and involve risks and uncertainties, such as those discussed in this report. 
 
 The forward-looking statements in this report are based on present circumstances and on our predictions respecting events that have not occurred, that may not occur, or that may occur with different consequences from those we now assume or anticipate. Actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including the risk factors discussed in this report. These cautionary statements are intended to be applicable to all related forward-looking statements wherever they appear in this report. 
 
 Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of the document in which they are contained, and we do not undertake any duty to update our forward-looking statements, except as may be required by law, and we caution you not to rely on them unduly. 
 3 
 
 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 The following description of our business contains forward-looking statements relating to future events or our future financial or operating performance that involve risks and uncertainties, as set forth above under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors described in the Annual Report, including those set forth above in the Special Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements or under the heading Risk Factors or elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 Business Overview 
 
 Mycotopia Therapies, Inc. promotes the study of psychedelics for the treatment of mental health issues and supports the creation of both natural and synthetic molecules for the development of appropriate treatments. Mycotopia also intends to deploy technology from its parent company, Ehave, Inc., in the collection of research and clinical data to further the study of the effects of psychedelics in the treatment of mental health issues. 
 
 History 
 
 Mycotopia Therapies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), was incorporated in the State of Nevada on January 21, 2000, under the name RM Investors, Inc. In March 2014, under the terms of an Exchange Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, we acquired 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of our subsidiary 20/20 Produce Sales, Inc., an Idaho corporation that was incorporated on December 22, 1994. On March 26, 2014, we amended and restated our articles of incorporation to increase our authorized shares of common stock to 100,000,000 shares, par value 0.001, and to authorize 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001. In connection with this reorganization, we obtained a new CUSIP number for our common stock, FINRA approval of our name change from RM Investors, Inc. to 20/20 Global, Inc., and a new trading symbol for our shares on the OTC marketplace and effected a 2-for-1 forward split of the then issued and outstanding shares of our common stock. 
 
 In December 2020, we entered into definitive agreements with Ehave, Inc., an Ontario corporation, Mycotopia Therapies Inc., a Florida corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Ehave, Inc., and the former and current directors of 20/20 Global that provide for the 20/20 Global s purchase of all of the outstanding stock of Mycotopia Therapies, Inc. from Ehave, Inc. In May 2021, we changed our name to Mycotopia Therapies Inc. Our trading symbol is TPIA. We have one subsidiary, Mycotopia Therapies Inc., a Florida corporation Our board of directors consists of Ben Kaplan and Mark Croskey. 
 
 Prior to its acquisition, Mycotopia Therapies (Florida) entered into a supply agreement with Havn Life Sciences Inc. a Canadian corporation, a biotechnology company pursuing standardized extraction of psychoactive compounds and the development of natural health products. The agreement calls for HAVN to supply Mycotopia with naturally derived Psilocybin SPP in the form of an Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient (API) to be used in testing by universities, researchers and pharmaceutical companies seeking to develop treatments and therapies using Psilocybin. 
 
 HAVN Life Sciences trades on the Canadian Securities Exchange (CSE) under the symbol HAVN. 
 
 Since the reverse merger on January 20, 2021 (the Closing ), the Company has been leveraging its relationship with its parent company, Ehave, Inc. EHVVF to integrate the use of digital and data therapeutics to measure the effect of Psylicibin and related compounds on mental health. The Company has been negotiating with third parties to integrate EHVVF s EEG brain cap technology to capture neurological data during the use of mental health therapies involving the use of Psylicibin and related compounds. The Company believes that the mental health benefits bestowed by these compounds are numerous, particularly to combat depression and addiction, and is aligning itself with the evolving legal and policy landscape of mental health regulation. 
 
 On March 22, 2021, Mycotopia announced that it was entering into a joint venture in Australia, PsyBioMed-Australia to sponsor clinical trials and develop a research and development facility and manufacturing facility. However, Mycotopia and its Australian partner decided not to move forward with the joint venture. 
 4 

The Company seeks to take advantage of the interest in the use of compounds found in naturally occurring psychoactive compounds for the treatment of mental health issues. 
 
 References to us, we, our, and correlative terms refer to Mycotopia Therapies, Inc. and our wholly owned subsidiary, Mycotopia Therapies, Inc., a Florida corporation, through which we conducted our activities. 
 
 Business Strategy and Market 
 
 In November 2020, Oregon became the first U.S. state to legalize Psilocybin. It has been estimated the psychedelic drugs market will grow 12.4 annually over the next seven years, reaching 10.75 billion in 2027 2 . Several companies are running clinical trials to determine the efficacy of the use psilocybin and other psychedelics in the treatment of chronic pain, opioid withdrawal, and depression. 
 
 In the summer of 2021, Harvard Law School s Petrie-Flom Center for Health Law Policy, Biotechnology, and Bioethics launched the Project on Psychedelics Law and Regulation. They noted that in 2017, the FDA designated MDMA as a breakthrough therapy for post-traumatic stress disorder, and in 2018 the agency identified psilocybin as a breakthrough for treatment-resistant depression, indicating that psychedelics may represent substantial improvements over existing treatments for mental illness. According to the FDA, Breakthrough Therapy designation is a process designed to expedite the development and review of drugs that are intended to treat a serious condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over available therapy on a clinically significant endpoint(s). The Petrie-Flom Center project the US market for psychedelics could reach 6.85 billion in 2027. 
 
 It is the Company s intent to promote the current studies into psychedelics while developing a pipeline of pharmaceutical grade components for psychedelic based treatments. 
 
 On August 13, 2020, the Company entered into a supply agreement with HAVN Life Sciences to supply psilocybin for study. Mycotopia Therapies intends to build a distribution channel to supply naturally-derived psilocybin spp compounds, in accordance with al federal laws and local protocols. By building out this supply chain Mycotopia intends to be one of the first to market, as markets begin to open up around the globe. Mycotopia seeks to be one of the handful of companies to have an API active pharmaceutical ingredient) that meets European Union Good Manufacturing Practices that we could move around the world to jurisdictions where Psilocybin is legal and that we will form business relationships with labs, research institutions and drug manufactures. On, October 28, 2022, we entered into an extension agreement with HAVN, extending the agreement for an additional two years from October 28, 2022, with automatic yearly renewals unless canceled on at least 30 days prior notice. 
 
 Material Contracts 
 
 Completion of Acquisition of Disposition of Assets 
 
 In December 2020, we entered into definitive agreements with Ehave, Inc., an Ontario corporation Ehave ), Mycotopia Therapies Inc., a Florida corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Ehave MYC ), and the former and current directors of 20/20 Global that provide for: (i) 20/20 Global s purchase for 350,000 in cash of all of the outstanding stock of MYC from Ehave under a Stock Purchase Agreement, resulting in MYC becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of 20/20 Global; and (ii) the change of control of 20/20 Global s board of directors and management under a Change of Control and Funding Agreement. In a related transaction, Ehave agreed to purchase 9,793,754 shares of 20/20 Global common stock, which constitute approximately 75.77 of the then-issued and outstanding shares of 20/20 Global s common stock, for 350,000 in cash through a Stock Purchase Agreement MYC SPA with 20/20 Global stockholders Mark D. Williams, Colin Gibson, and The Robert and Joanna Williams Trust. Prior to these transactions, neither 20/20 Global nor its officers and directors had a material relationship with Ehave, MYC, or their respective officers and directors. 
 
 2 US News and World Report, July 2, 2021, https://money.usnews.com/investing/stock-market-news/articles/psychedelic-stocks-to-watch 
 5 
 
 A closing of the transactions contemplated by the above documents initially scheduled for January 4, 2021, was delayed by agreement. All of the above transactions were closed on January 19, 2021. 
 
 As a result of the MYC SPA, MYC became a wholly owned subsidiary of 20/20 Global, through which we plan to conduct our operations. MYC is a start-up enterprise that proposes to develop a business to provide psychedelic-enhanced holistic methodologies to improve mental wellbeing. In the next five years, our business model will focus on the following areas: palliative care, depression, and anxiety. We will leverage our minority equity interest in PsychedeliTech Inc. to create new opportunities for our shareholders and partners. We hope to license and acquire access to technology and companies that will build added value for our company as this industry matures. 
 
 On August 13, 2021, Mycotopia entered into a supply agreement with HAVN Life Sciences Inc., for the supply psilocybin in the form of an active pharmaceutical ingredient. The psilocybin would be provided through a licensed third party dealer pursuant to the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act (S.C. 1996, c. 19)(Canada). Delivery of the psilocybin will only be to parties allowed to receive it under applicable law in the jurisdiction where they are located. Mycotopia entered into the agreement with HAVN to secure a supply of GMP certified psilocybin in anticipation of its use in testing and development of new products. The agreement was renewed on October 28, 2022 for two years with automatic one year renewals unless canceled on not less than 30 days notice. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 We do not engage in the manufacturing, production or sale of Psylicibin we are not directly impacted by the US Controlled Substances Act CSA ). We will be supporting the research and development of therapies using Psylicibin by our partners in compliance with the CSA and FDA regulations related to clinical trials. The acceptance of the use of Psylicibin and related compounds for treatment of mental health issues. 
 
 The FDA and other regulatory authorities at federal, state and local levels, as well as in foreign countries, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, import, export, safety, effectiveness, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, recordkeeping, approval, advertising, promotion, marketing, post-approval monitoring and post-approval reporting of drugs. We, along with our vendors, contract research organizations and contract manufacturers, will be required to navigate the various preclinical, clinical, manufacturing and commercial approval requirements of the governing regulatory agencies of the countries in which we wish to conduct studies or seek approval of our product candidates. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals of drugs and ensuring subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. 
 
 In the United States, the FDA regulates drug products under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, as amended, its implementing regulations and other laws. If we fail to comply with applicable FDA or other requirements at any time with respect to product development, clinical testing, approval or any other legal requirements relating to product manufacture, processing, handling, storage, quality control, safety, marketing, advertising, promotion, packaging, labeling, export, import, distribution, or sale, we may become subject to administrative or judicial sanctions or other legal consequences. These sanctions or consequences could include, among other things, the FDA s refusal to approve pending applications, issuance of clinical holds for ongoing studies, suspension or revocation of approved applications, warning or untitled letters, product withdrawals or recalls, product seizures, relabeling or repackaging, total or partial suspensions of manufacturing or distribution, injunctions, fines, civil penalties or criminal prosecution. 
 
 Preclinical Studies and Clinical Trials for Drugs 
 
 Before testing any drug in humans, the product candidate must undergo rigorous preclinical testing. Preclinical studies include laboratory evaluations of drug chemistry, formulation and stability, as well as in vitro and animal studies to assess safety and in some cases to establish the rationale for therapeutic use. The conduct of preclinical studies is subject to federal and state regulation, including GLP requirements for safety/toxicology studies. The results of the preclinical studies, together with manufacturing information and analytical data, must be submitted to the FDA as part of an IND. An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational product to humans and must become effective before clinical trials may begin. Some long-term preclinical testing may continue after the IND is submitted. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the 30-day time period, raises concerns or questions about the conduct of the clinical trial, including concerns that 
 6 
 
 human research subjects will be exposed to unreasonable health risks, and imposes a full or partial clinical hold. FDA must notify the sponsor of the grounds for the hold and any identified deficiencies must be resolved before the clinical trial can begin. Submission of an IND may result in the FDA not allowing clinical trials to commence or not allowing clinical trials to commence on the terms originally specified in the IND. A clinical hold can also be imposed once a trial has already begun, thereby halting the trial until the deficiencies articulated by FDA are corrected. 
 
 The clinical stage of development involves the administration of the product candidate to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of qualified investigators, who generally are physicians not employed by or under the trial sponsor s control, in accordance with GCP requirements, which include the requirements that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical trial. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial, administration procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria and the parameters and criteria to be used in monitoring safety and evaluating effectiveness. Each protocol, and any subsequent amendments to the protocol, must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Furthermore, each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an IRB for each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted to ensure that the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable compared to the anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the informed consent form that must be provided to each clinical trial subject or his or her legal representative and must monitor the clinical trial until completed. The FDA, the IRB, or the sponsor may suspend or discontinue a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. There also are requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical trials and completed clinical trials to public registries. Information about clinical trials, including results for clinical trials other than Phase I investigations, must be submitted within specific timeframes for publication on www.ClinicalTrials.gov, a clinical trials database maintained by the National Institutes of Health. 
 
 A sponsor who wishes to conduct a clinical trial outside of the United States may, but need not, obtain FDA authorization to conduct the clinical trial under an IND. If a foreign clinical trial is not conducted under an IND, FDA will nevertheless accept the results of the study in support of an NDA if the study was conducted in accordance with GCP requirements, and the FDA is able to validate the data through an onsite inspection if deemed necessary. 
 
 Clinical trials to evaluate therapeutic indications to support NDAs for marketing approval are typically conducted in three sequential phases, which may overlap. 
 
 Phase I Phase I clinical trials involve initial introduction of the investigational product into healthy human volunteers or patients with the target disease or condition. These studies are typically designed to test the safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism and distribution of the investigational product in humans, excretion, the side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, to gain early evidence of effectiveness. 
 
 Phase II Phase II clinical trials typically involve administration of the investigational product to a limited patient population with a specified disease or condition to evaluate the drug s potential efficacy, to determine the optimal dosages and administration schedule and to identify possible adverse side effects and safety risks. 
 
 Phase III Phase III clinical trials typically involve administration of the investigational product to an expanded patient population to further evaluate dosage, to provide statistically significant evidence of clinical efficacy and to further test for safety, generally at multiple geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk/benefit ratio of the investigational product and to provide an adequate basis for product approval and physician labeling. 
 
 Post-approval trials, sometimes referred to as Phase IV clinical trials or post-marketing studies, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These trials are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication and are commonly intended to generate additional safety data regarding use of the product in a clinical setting. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance of Phase IV clinical trials as a condition of NDA approval. 
 
 Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials, among other information, must be submitted at least annually to the FDA. Written IND safety reports must be submitted to the FDA and the investigators fifteen days after the trial sponsor determines the information qualifies for reporting for serious and unexpected suspected adverse events, 
 7 
 
 findings from other studies or animal or in vitro testing that suggest a significant risk for human volunteers and any clinically important increase in the rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. The sponsor must also notify the FDA of any unexpected fatal or life-threatening suspected adverse reaction as soon as possible but in no case later than seven calendar days after the sponsor s initial receipt of the information. 
 
 Controlled Substances 
 
 The federal Controlled Substances Act of 1970, or CSA, and its implementing regulations establish a closed system of regulations for controlled substances. The CSA imposes registration, security, recordkeeping and reporting, storage, manufacturing, distribution, importation and other requirements under the oversight of the DEA. The DEA is the federal agency responsible for regulating controlled substances, and requires those individuals or entities that manufacture, import, export, distribute, research, or dispense controlled substances to comply with the regulatory requirements in order to prevent the diversion of controlled substances to illicit channels of commerce. 
 
 The DEA categorizes controlled substances into one of five schedules Schedule I, II, III, IV or V with varying qualifications for listing in each schedule. Schedule I substances by definition have a high potential for abuse, have no currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States and lack accepted safety for use under medical supervision. Pharmaceutical products having a currently accepted medical use that are otherwise approved for marketing may be listed as Schedule II, III, IV or V substances, with Schedule II substances presenting the highest potential for abuse and physical or psychological dependence, and Schedule V substances presenting the lowest relative potential for abuse and dependence. COMP360, if approved in the United States, will require scheduling by the DEA before it can be marketed. 
 
 Facilities that manufacture, distribute, import or export any controlled substance must register annually with the DEA. The DEA registration is specific to the particular location, activity(ies) and controlled substance schedule(s). 
 
 The DEA inspects all manufacturing facilities to review security, recordkeeping, reporting and handling prior to issuing a controlled substance registration. The specific security requirements vary by the type of business activity and the schedule and quantity of controlled substances handled. The most stringent requirements apply to manufacturers of Schedule I and Schedule II substances. Required security measures commonly include background checks on employees and physical control of controlled substances through storage in approved vaults, safes and cages, and through use of alarm systems and surveillance cameras. Once registered, manufacturing facilities must maintain records documenting the manufacture, receipt and distribution of all controlled substances. Manufacturers must submit periodic reports to the DEA of the distribution of Schedule I and II controlled substances, Schedule III narcotic substances, and other designated substances. Registrants must also report any controlled substance thefts or significant losses, and must obtain authorization to destroy or dispose of controlled substances. Imports of Schedule I and II controlled substances for commercial purposes are generally restricted to substances not already available from a domestic supplier or where there is not adequate competition among domestic suppliers. In addition to an importer or exporter registration, importers and exporters must obtain a permit for every import or export of a Schedule I and II substance or Schedule III, IV and V narcotic, and submit import or export declarations for Schedule III, IV and V non-narcotics. In some cases, Schedule III non-narcotic substances may be subject to the import/export permit requirement, if necessary, to ensure that the United States complies with its obligations under international drug control treaties. 
 
 For drugs manufactured in the United States, the DEA establishes annually an aggregate quota for the amount of substances within Schedules I and II that may be manufactured or produced in the United States based on the DEA s estimate of the quantity needed to meet legitimate medical, scientific, research and industrial needs. The quotas apply equally to the manufacturing of the active pharmaceutical ingredient and production of dosage forms. The DEA may adjust aggregate production quotas a few times per year, and individual manufacturing or procurement quotas from time to time during the year, although the DEA has substantial discretion in whether or not to make such adjustments for individual companies. 
 
 The states also maintain separate controlled substance laws and regulations, including licensing, recordkeeping, security, distribution, and dispensing requirements. State authorities, including boards of pharmacy, regulate use of controlled substances in each state. Failure to maintain compliance with applicable requirements, particularly as 
 8 
 
 manifested in the loss or diversion of controlled substances, can result in enforcement action that could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations and financial condition. The DEA may seek civil penalties, refuse to renew necessary registrations, or initiate proceedings to revoke those registrations. In certain circumstances, violations could lead to criminal prosecution. 
 
 On November 17, 2022, U.S. Senators Cory Booker (D-N.J.) and Rand Paul (R-KY) introduced the Breakthrough Therapies Act, a bipartisan bill that, if passed, would permit the DEA to reclassify a Schedule I drug defined by the DEA as a drug with no currently accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse that receives a Breakthrough Therapy Designation from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to a Schedule II drug under the federal Controlled Substances Act (CSA). Currently, psychedelics, such as LSD, MDMA, psilocybin, and others, are classified as Schedule I substances. The bill has been referred to the Senate Judiciary Committee. 
 
 Proposed Acquisition of EiVentures Inc. 
 
 On May 18, 2022, Mycotopia Therapies Inc. (the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Agreement whereby the Company was to merge with a wholly owned subsidiary of PSLY.com. Simultaneously E.iVentures, Inc. E.i was to merge with a separate wholly owned subsidiary of PSLY.com. 
 
 On February 16, 2023, the parties to the Agreement mutually agreed to terminate the Agreement and release each other. The preceding description of the termination is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Termination of Agreement and Plan of Merger dated February 16, 2023 and filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 22, 2023 
 
 Employees 
 
 The Company s only full-time employee is its CEO who is also the CEO of Ehave Inc., of which the Company is a majority owned subsidiary. 
 9 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 
 The auditors report for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, contains an explanatory paragraph about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 The report of our auditors on our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, contains an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We had a net loss of 2,751,452 and 2,820,730 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue our operations as a going concern is dependent on management s plans, which includes successfully integrating Mycotopia Therapies, Inc., which was acquired during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern. Management believes that actions presently being taken will provide the opportunity for us to continue as a going concern. 
 
 We have no current business activities that will generate revenues in the near future. 
 
 We have no revenue and cannot predict when we will begin to generate revenue. We have recently changed our business plan to that of Mycotopia Therapies, Inc., our wholly owned subsidiary acquired in January 2021. 
 
 We may not be able to establish new operations that generate revenue. 
 
 Following the Closing, we have changed our business plan. The Company seeks to take advantage of the interest in the use of compounds found in naturally occurring psychoactive compounds for the treatment of mental health issues. As this is a new business there can be no assurance that we will be able to generate revenue in the near term. 
 
 Our acquisition strategy may not be successful. 
 
 Our growth strategy may be based in part on growth through an acquisition of companies already in the business of investigating the use of Psylocibin and related compounds for the treatment of mental health issues, which poses a number of risks. We may not be successful in identifying appropriate acquisition candidates, consummating an acquisition on satisfactory terms, or adding any newly acquired or expanded business. We may issue additional shares of our common stock, incur long-term or short-term indebtedness, spend cash, or use a combination of these for all or part of the consideration paid in future acquisitions. The execution of our acquisition strategy could entail repositioning or similar actions that in turn require us to record impairments and other charges. Any such charges would reduce our earnings. 
 
 Our success depends on the services of our senior executives, the loss of whom could disrupt our operations. 
 
 Our ability to maintain our competitive position is dependent to a large degree on the services of our senior management team. We may not be able to retain our existing senior management personnel or attract additional qualified senior management personnel. 
 
 We are controlled by our principal shareholder. 
 
 As of March 14, 2023, Ehave, Inc. owned approximately 65.9 of our outstanding shares of common stock. Our CEO, Ben Kaplan, is also the CEO of Ehave. We expect our principal shareholder to continue to use its interest in our common stock: to significantly influence the direction of our management, the election of our entire board of directors, and the method and timing of the payment of dividends; to determine substantially all other matters requiring shareholder approval; and to control us. The concentration of our beneficial ownership may have the effect of delaying, deterring, or preventing a change in control, may discourage bids for our common stock at a premium over their market price, and may otherwise adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 10 

Penny stock regulations will impose certain restrictions on resales of our securities, which may cause an investor to lose some or all of its investment. 
 
 The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted regulations that generally define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price (as defined) of less than 5.00 per share that is not traded on a national securities exchange or that has an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. As a result, our common stock is subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that sell these securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally those with assets in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000, or 300,000 together with their spouse). For transactions covered by these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of such securities and have received the purchaser s written consent to the transaction before the purchase. Further, if the price of the stock is below 5.00 per share and the issuer does not have 2.0 million or more net tangible assets or is not listed on a registered national securities exchange, sales of that stock in the secondary trading market are subject to certain additional rules promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. These rules generally require, among other things, that brokers engaged in secondary trading of penny stocks provide customers with written disclosure documents, monthly statements of the market value of penny stocks, disclosure of the bid and asked prices, and disclosure of the compensation to the broker-dealer and the salesperson working for the broker-dealer in connection with the transaction. These rules and regulations may affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell our common stock, thereby effectively limiting the liquidity of our common stock. These rules may also adversely affect the ability of persons that acquire our common stock to resell their securities in any trading market that may exist at the time of such intended sale. 
 
 Our estimated income taxes could be materially different from income taxes that we ultimately pay. 
 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States. Significant judgment and estimation are required in determining our provision for income taxes and related matters. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determinations are uncertain or otherwise subject to interpretation. Our determination of our income tax liability is always subject to review by applicable tax authorities and we are currently subject to audits in a number of jurisdictions. Although we believe our income tax estimates and related determinations are reasonable and appropriate, relevant taxing authorities may disagree. The ultimate outcome of any such audits and reviews could be materially different from estimates and determinations reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. Any adverse outcome of any such audit or review could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 A variety of new laws, or new interpretations of existing laws, could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our business. 
 
 We are subject to a variety of laws in the U.S. and abroad that are costly to comply with, can result in negative publicity and diversion of management time and effort and can subject us to claims or other remedies. Some of these laws, such as income, sales, use, value-added and other tax laws and consumer protection laws, are applicable to businesses generally and others are unique to the various types of businesses in which we are engaged. 
 
 Any failure on our part to comply with applicable laws may subject us to additional liabilities, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if the laws to which we are currently subject are amended or interpreted adversely to our interests, or if new adverse laws are adopted, our products and services might need to be modified to comply with such laws, which would increase our costs and could result in decreased demand for our products and services to the extent that we pass on such costs to our customers. Specifically, in the case of tax laws, positions that we have taken or will take are subject to interpretation by the relevant taxing authorities. While we believe that the positions we have taken to date comply with applicable law, there can be no assurances that the relevant taxing authorities will not take a contrary position, and if so, that such positions will not adversely affect us. Any events of this nature could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 11 

We may fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or may be accused of infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties. 
 
 We regard our intellectual property rights, including trademarks, domain names, trade secrets, copyrights and other similar intellectual property, as critical to our success. We intend, in due course, subject to legal advice, to apply for trademark, copyright and/or patent protection in the United States and other jurisdictions. We regard our intellectual property, including our software and trademark, as valuable assets and intend to vigorously defend them against infringement. Effective trademark protection may not be available or may not be sought in every country in which products and services are made available and contractual disputes may affect the use of marks governed by private contract. We have reserved and registered certain domain names, however not every variation of a domain name may be available or be registered, even if available. 
 
 While there can be no assurance that registered trademarks and copyrights will protect our proprietary information, we intend to assert our intellectual property rights against any infringer. Although any assertion of our rights can result in a substantial cost to, and diversion of effort by, our Company, management believes that the protection of our intellectual property rights is a key component of our operating strategy. 
 
 We also rely upon trade secrets and certain copyrightable and patentable proprietary technologies. 
 
 We will rely on a combination of laws and contractual restrictions with employees, customers, suppliers, affiliates and others to establish and protect our various intellectual property rights. For example, we plan to apply to register and renew, or secure by contract where appropriate, trademarks and service marks as they are developed and used, and continue to reserve, register and renew domain names as we deem appropriate. 
 
 We also plan to apply for copyrights and patents or for other similar statutory protections as we deem appropriate, based on then current facts and circumstances. No assurances can be given that any copyright or patent application we file will result in a copyright or patent being issued, or that any future copyright or patent will afford adequate protection against competitors and similar technologies. In addition, no assurances can be given that third parties will not create new products or methods that achieve similar results without infringing upon copyrights or patents we may own in the future. 
 
 Despite these measures, our intellectual property rights may still not be protected in a meaningful manner, challenges to contractual rights could arise or third parties could copy or otherwise obtain and use our intellectual property without authorization. The occurrence of any of these events could result in the erosion of our brands and limitations on our ability to control marketing on or through the internet using our various domain names, as well as impede our ability to effectively compete against competitors with similar technologies, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial conditions and results of operations. 
 
 From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business, including claims of alleged infringement of trademarks, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property rights held by third parties. In addition, litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed by others. Any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management and technical resources, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Patent litigation tends to be particularly protracted and expensive. 
 
 If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business and operating results could be harmed. 
 
 If we experience rapid growth in our headcount and operations, it will place significant demands on our management, operational and financial infrastructure. We intend to continue to make substantial investments to expand our operations, research and development, sales and marketing and general and administrative organizations. We face significant competition for employees, particularly engineers, designers and product managers, from other high-growth companies, which include both publicly-traded and privately-held companies, and we may not be able to hire new employees quickly enough to meet our needs. To attract highly skilled personnel, we will need to continue to offer, highly competitive compensation packages. As we continue to grow, we are subject to the risks of over-hiring, over-compensating our employees and over-expanding our operating infrastructure, and to the challenges of 
 12 
 
 integrating, developing and motivating a rapidly growing employee base. If we fail to effectively manage our hiring needs and successfully integrate new hires, our efficiency and ability to meet our forecasts and our employee morale, productivity and retention could suffer, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 
 We will depend on highly skilled personnel to grow and operate our business, and if we are unable to hire, retain and motivate its personnel, we may not be able to grow effectively. 
 
 Our future success will depend upon our continued ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled personnel, including senior management, engineers, designers and product managers. Our ability to execute efficiently is dependent upon contributions from our employees, in particular our senior management team. We do not maintain key person life insurance for any employee. In addition, from time to time, there may be changes in our senior management team that may be disruptive to our business. If our senior management team, including any new hires that we may make, fails to work together effectively and to execute our plans and strategies on a timely basis, our business could be harmed. Our growth strategy also depends on our ability to expand our organization with highly skilled personnel. Identifying, recruiting, training and integrating qualified individuals will require significant time, expense and attention. Since competition for highly skilled personnel is intense, we may need to invest significant amounts of cash and equity to attract and retain new employees and we may never realize returns on these investments. If we are not able to effectively add and retain employees, our ability to achieve our strategic objectives will be adversely impacted, and our business will be harmed. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Company 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Trading of our stock is restricted by the Securities Exchange Commission s penny stock regulations, which may limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our common stock. 
 
 The Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted regulations which generally define penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price (as defined) less than 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Our common stock securities are covered by the penny stock rules, which impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell to persons other than established customers and accredited investors . The term accredited investor refers generally to institutions with assets in excess of 5,000,000 or individuals with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000 or 300,000 jointly with their spouse. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a form prepared by the Securities and Exchange Commission, which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently, these penny stock rules may affect the ability of broker-dealers to trade our securities. We believe that the penny stock rules discourage investor interest in and limit the marketability of our common stock. 
 
 FINRA sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 
 
 In addition to the penny stock rules described above, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (known as FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. 
 13 
 
 Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. 
 
 Our common stock price has been volatile, and your investment could lose value. 
 
 The trading price of our common stock has been volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations due to various factors. The timing of announcements in the public market regarding new products, product enhancements or technological advances by us or our competitors, and any announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, major transactions or management changes could also affect our stock price. Our stock price is subject to speculation in the press and the analyst community, changes in recommendations or earnings estimates by financial analysts, changes in investors or analysts valuation measures for our stock and market trends unrelated to our performance. A significant drop in our stock price could also expose us to the risk of securities class action lawsuits, which could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources, which could adversely affect our business. Moreover, if the per share trading price of our common stock declines significantly, you may be unable to resell your shares at or above the public offering price. We cannot assure you that the per share trading price of our common stock will not fluctuate or decline significantly in the future. 
 
 The trading volume of our common stock has been low, and the sale of a substantial number of shares in the public market could depress the price of our common stock. 
 
 Our common stock is traded on the OTC Markets Group marketplace and historically has had a low average daily trading volume relative to many other stocks. Thinly traded stocks can have more price volatility than stocks trading in an active public market, which can lead to significant price swings even when a relatively small number of shares are being traded and can limit an investor s ability to quickly sell blocks of stock. If there continues to be low average daily trading volume or price in our common stock investors may be unable to quickly liquidate their investments or at prices investors consider to be adequate. 
 
 Because our common stock is quoted and traded on the OTC Markets Group marketplace, short selling could increase the volatility of our stock price. 
 
 Short selling occurs when a person sells shares of stock which the person does not yet own and promises to buy stock in the future to cover the sale. The general objective of the person selling the shares short is to make a profit by buying the shares later, at a lower price, to cover the sale. Significant amounts of short selling, or the perception that a significant amount of short sales could occur, could depress the market price of our common stock. In contrast, purchases to cover a short position may have the effect of preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of our common stock, and together with the imposition of the penalty bid, may stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of our common stock. As a result, the price of our common stock may be higher than the price that otherwise might exist in the open market. If these activities are commenced, they may be discontinued at any time. These transactions may be effected on the OTC Markets Group marketplace or any other available markets or exchanges. Such short selling if it were to occur could impact the value of our stock in an extreme and volatile manner to the detriment of our shareholders. 
 
 Risks Relating to the Early Stage of our Company and Ability to Raise Capital 
 
 We are at a very early stage and our success is subject to the substantial risks inherent in the establishment of a new business venture. 
 
 The implementation of our business strategy is in a very early stage and subject to all of the risks inherent in the establishment of a new business venture. Accordingly, our intended business and prospective operations may not prove to be successful in the near future, if at all. Any future success that we might enjoy will depend upon many factors, many of which are beyond our control, or which cannot be predicted at this time, and which could have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition, business prospects and operations and the value of an investment in our company. 
 14 
 
 We expect to suffer continued operating losses and we may not be able to achieve profitability. 
 
 We expect to continue to incur significant development and marketing expenses in the foreseeable future related to the launch and commercialization of our products and services. As a result, we will be sustaining substantial operating and net losses, and it is possible that we will never be able to achieve profitability. 
 
 We may have difficulty raising additional capital, which could deprive us of necessary resources. 
 
 In order to support the initiatives envisioned in our business plan, we will need to raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financing, collaborative relationships or other arrangements. Our ability to raise additional financing depends on many factors beyond our control, including the state of the capital markets, the market price of our common stock, and the development of competitive projects by others. Because our common stock is not listed on a major stock market, many investors may not be willing or allowed to purchase our common shares or may demand steep discounts. Sufficient additional financing may not be available to us or may be available only on terms that would result in further dilution to the current owners of our common stock. 
 
 If we are unsuccessful in raising additional capital, or the terms of raising such capital are unacceptable, we may have to modify our business plan and/or significantly curtail our planned activities. If we are successful raising additional capital through the issuance of additional equity, our investor s interests will be diluted. 
 
 There are substantial doubts about our ability to continue as a going concern and if we are unable to continue our business, our shares may have little or no value. 
 
 Our ability to become a profitable operating company is dependent upon our ability to generate revenues and/or obtain financing adequate to implement our business plan. Achieving a level of revenues adequate to support our cost structure, our continued operating losses and our net cash used in operations has raised substantial doubts about our ability to continue as a going concern. We plan to attempt to raise additional equity capital by issuing shares and, if necessary through one or more private placement or public offerings, and via the securities purchase agreement/equity line financing. However, the doubts raised relating to our ability to continue as a going concern may make our shares an unattractive investment for potential investors. These factors, among others, may make it difficult to raise any additional capital. 
 
 Failure to effectively manage our growth could place additional strains on our managerial, operational and financial resources and could adversely affect our business and prospective operating results. 
 
 Our anticipated growth is expected to continue to place a strain on our managerial, operational and financial resources. Further, as we expand our user and advertiser base, we will be required to manage multiple relationships. Any further growth by us, or an increase in the number of our strategic relationships will increase this strain on our managerial, operational and financial resources. This strain may inhibit our ability to achieve the rapid execution necessary to implement our business plan, and could have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition, business prospects and prospective operations and the value of an investment in our company. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 We are not required to provide the information called for by this item. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 We do not have any material interests in any property. 
 15 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 From time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings or be subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, or cash flows. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 This item is not applicable to our business. 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES 
 
 Market Information 
 
 Our common stock is quoted on the Pink tier of the OTC Markets Group under the trading symbol TWGL. These over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down, or commission, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. Since our inception, the sporadic trading activity in our common stock and the price fluctuations have been volatile, and we cannot assure that any market for our common stock will be maintained. 
 
 We have approximately 97 stockholders of record of our common stock. As of March 27, 2023, we had 14,858,357 shares of common stock outstanding. 
 
 Holders of shares of common stock are entitled to receive dividends for our common stock when, as, and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. We have not paid any dividends on our common stock and intend to retain earnings, if any, to finance the development and expansion of our business. Future dividend policy is subject to the discretion of the board of directors and will depend upon a number of factors, including future revenues, capital requirements, overall financial condition, and such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. 
 
 Our shares of common stock are subject to the penny stock and other rules of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ). In general terms, penny stock is defined as any equity security that has a market price less than 5.00 per share that is not traded on a national securities exchange or that has an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. As a result, our common stock is subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that sell these securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally those with assets in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000, or 300,000 together with their spouse). 
 
 Transactions covered by these rules are subject to additional sales practice requirements, including the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of these securities and have received the purchaser s written consent to the transaction before the purchase. These rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to trade or maintain a market in our common stock, to the extent it is penny stock, and may affect the ability of stockholders to sell their shares. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan 
 
 We do not have any securities authorized under equity compensation plans. 
 16 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 None 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 
 We are not required to provide the information called for by this item. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 
 
 The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the notes to those statements included elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should specifically consider the various risk factors identified in this report that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Sales and Cost of Sales 
 
 Due to the termination of our fresh produce business, we did not have any revenue or cost of revenue from operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Operating Expenses from Operations 
 
 Operating expenses from operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, consisted of general and administrative expenses of 1,875,919 and 2,669,109, respectively. General and administrative expenses consisted primarily of consulting fees, stock-based compensation, board compensation, and legal and professional services. Our decrease in general and administrative expenses is the result of decrease administrative costs due to decreased compliance costs. The Company has employed cost savings strategies as we seek to find another active business that may be interested in acquiring us. 
 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 
 Other expense of 875,533 and 151,621 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, consisted of interest expense from convertible notes with debt discounts and interest expense from related parties. 
 
 Net Loss 
 
 We had a net loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, of 2,751,452 and 2,820,730, respectively. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had working capital deficiency of 378,614 down from working capital of 961,149 as of December 31, 2021. Our current assets of 385,899 consisted solely of cash, while our current liabilities consisted predominantly of accrued interest, convertible notes payable, and a shareholder loan. We had an accumulated deficit of 5,601,356 as of December 31, 2022, an increase from an accumulated deficit of 2,849,904 as of December 31, 2021. 
 17 

Operating activities used net cash of 656,620 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to using net cash of 235,482 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Investing activities used net cash of 0 and 2,746, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Cash provided by (used in) financing activities was (225,000) for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 1,395,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. We had a cash balance of 385,899 and 1,267,519 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Our monthly operating costs averaged approximately 55,000 per month for the year ended December 31, 2022, excluding capital expenditures. We plan to fund our operations with our cash on hand and additional financing. 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue our operations as a going concern is dependent on management s plans, which includes successfully integrating Mycotopia Therapies, Inc. which was acquired subsequent to December 31, 2020. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 We have identified the policies outlined below as critical to our business operations and an understanding of our results of operations. The list is not intended to be a comprehensive list of all of our accounting policies. In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, with no need for management s judgment in their application. The impact and any associated risks related to these policies on our business operations is discussed throughout Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations when such policies affect our reported and expected financial results. For a detailed discussion on the application of these and other accounting policies, see the notes to our December 31, 2022, financial statements. Note that our preparation of the financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. We cannot assure that actual results will not differ from those estimates. 
 
 Use of estimates 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts and disclosures. These estimates and assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis and updated as appropriate. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Company s estimates include the allowance for doubtful accounts and useful lives of property plant and equipment. 
 
 Depreciation of equipment is dependent upon estimates of useful lives and residual values, both of which are determined through the exercise of judgement. The assessment of any impairment of these assets is dependent upon estimates of recoverable amounts that consider factors such as economic/market conditions and the useful lives of assets. 
 
 Stock Based Compensation 
 
 We follow ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation, which prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions in which employee and non-employee services are acquired. Share-based payments to employees and non-employees, including grants of stock options, are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values on the grant date. That expense is recognized over the 
 18 
 
 period required to provide services in exchange for the award, known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period). 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 Recently issued accounting standards that have been issued or proposed by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies that require adoption and that do not require adoption until a future date are not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements upon adoption. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We are not required to provide the information called for by this item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements, including the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on our consolidated financial statements, are included beginning on page F-1 of this report, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS 
 ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officer (whom we refer to in this periodic report as our Certifying Officer), as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our Certifying Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Our management, including our Certifying Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, 
 19 
 
 can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of the controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. 
 
 We have assessed the effectiveness of those internal controls as of December 31, 2022, using the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) as a basis for our assessment. Based on this evaluation, our Certifying Officer concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers 
 
 The following sets forth the name, age, tenure, and principal business experience of each of our executive officers and directors: 
 
 Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Tenure 

Ben Kaplan (1) 
 
 52 
 
 President, Chief Executive and Financial Officer, Director 
 
 Since 2021 

Mark Croskery (1) 
 
 40 
 
 Director 
 
 Since 2021 

(1) Ben Kaplan was appointed as director and CEO and Mark Croskery was appointed as a director on January 20, 2021. Mark Williams and Colin Gibson resigned their respective positions on the same date. 
 
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 
 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our directors, executive officers, and persons that own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our equity securities. Officers, directors, and greater than 10 stockholders are required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 
 
 Based solely upon a review of Forms 3, 4, and 5 and amendments thereto filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission since our registration statement on Form 10 became effective, no person that, at any time during the most recent fiscal year, was a director, officer, beneficial owner of more than 10 of any class of our equity securities, or any other person known to be subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act failed to file, on a timely basis, reports 
 20 
 
 required by Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, except that our former chief executive officer and director Mark D. Williams failed to report the transfer of 143,049 shares of his stock to his grandchildren. 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all of our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer, a copy of which is included as an exhibit to this report. 
 
 Committees of the Board 
 
 We currently do not have nominating, compensation, or audit committees or committees performing similar functions and we do not have a written nominating, compensation, or audit committee charter. Our board of directors believes that it is not necessary to have these committees, at this time, because the directors can adequately perform the functions of such committees. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 
 The following table sets forth, for each of our last two completed fiscal years, the dollar value of all cash and noncash compensation earned by any person who was our principal executive officer and each of our three most highly compensated other executive officers or persons who were serving in such capacities during the preceding fiscal year Named Executive Officers ): 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Ended 
 Dec. 31 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 Stock 
 Award(s) 
 ) 
 Option 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Non 
 Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Compen- 
 sation 
 Change in Pension Value and Non-Qualified Deferred Compen- 
 sation 
 Earnings 
 ) 
 All Other 
 Compen- 
 sation 
 ) 
 Total ) 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) 
 (g) 
 (h) 
 (i) 
 (j) 

Ben Kaplan 
 2022 
 576,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 576,000 

2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Executive Employment Agreements 
 
 On November 17, 2021, Mycotopia entered into an Executive Consulting Agreement (the Kaplan Agreement with Benjamin Kaplan Kaplan pursuant to which Kaplan was appointed as CEO of Mycotopia. The initial term of the Kaplan Agreement is thirty-six (36) months, and, subject to certain termination provisions, the Agreement will automatically renew for an additional twelve (12) month period. Mycotopia is obligated to pay Kaplan in the following manner under the Kaplan Agreement: (i) A consulting fee of 24,000 per month for services performed, for a total compensation of 288,000 payable for each twelve (12) month period, (ii) Bonus compensation milestones by offering Kaplan a Warrant to purchase that number of shares of common stock of the Company equal to 5 of the issued and outstanding common shares, on a fully diluted basis, (iii) A significant transaction stock grant whereby Kaplan shall be granted that number of shares of common stock or a new series of preferred shares of the Company, that is convertible into common stock of the Company equal to 5 of the value of all of the consideration, including any stock, cash, or debt, of such completed transaction. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company accrued 288,000 and 0, respectively, related to the Kaplan Agreement. 
 
 21 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 
 
 Other than pursuant to the Kaplan Agreement, we do not have any outstanding equity awards, pension plans, or other pension benefits, and there are no potential change-of-control payouts to any person. 
 
 Other than pursuant to the Kaplan Agreement, we do not provide any long-term incentives, any stock options or awards, or any kind of additional equity awards. 
 
 Director Compensation 
 
 Two members of our board of directors received compensation during the current fiscal year. The two board members received a total compensation of 100,000 and 60,000 per annum, paid in equal quarterly installments respectively. The payment can be made in either cash or shares of the Company s common stock. In 2022 and 2021, the company incurred expenses of 160,000 and 160,000, respectively. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information, as of December 31, 2022, respecting the beneficial ownership of our outstanding common stock by: (i) any holder of more than 5 ; (ii) each of the Named Executive Officers (defined as any person who was principal executive officer during the preceding fiscal year and each other highest compensated executive officers earning more than 100,000 during the last fiscal year) and directors; and (iii) our directors and Named Executive Officers as a group, based on 14,858,357 shares of common stock outstanding: 
 
 Name of Person or Group (1) 
 Nature of Ownership 
 Amount 
 
 Percent 

Principal Stockholders: 

Ehave Inc. 
 Common stock 
 9,793,754 
 
 65.9 

Directors: 

Ben Kaplan 2 
 Common Stock 
 250,000 
 
 1.7 
 
 Mark Croskery 
 Common Stock 
 16,912 

All Executive Officers and 
 Directors as a Group (1 persons): 
 Common Stock 
 266,912 
 
 1.8 

Mark D. Williams 
 Common stock 
 999,997 
 
 6.7 

_______________ 
 (1) Address for all stockholders is 18851 NE 29th Ave., Suite 700, Aventura, FL 33180 
 
 During the fiscal year December 31, 2021, Ehave, Inc. purchased 9,793,754 shares of common stock in the aggregate from The Robert and Joanna Williams Trust, Mark Williams and Colin Gibson. Following the transaction, Mark Williams continued to hold 999,997 shares of common stock. 
 
 The persons named in the above table have sole voting and dispositive power respecting all shares beneficially owned, subject to community property laws where applicable. Beneficial ownership is determined according to the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and generally means that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he or she possesses sole or shared voting or investment power over that security. Each director, officer, or 5 or more stockholder, as the case may be, has furnished the information respecting beneficial ownership. 
 22 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Information is set forth below for any transaction during the two years ended December 31, 2022 to which we were a party and in which any of our officers and directors or any holder of more than 10 of any class of our stock had or is deemed to have a material interest. 
 
 Related-Party Transactions 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company entered a term promissory note with Ehave, Inc. in the amount of 625,000. The notes mature two years after the issuance date and bear an interest rate of 1.75 per year. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made principal cash payments of 625,000 in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company accrued interest related to these loans and has outstanding 0 and 10,339, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded interest expense of 7,203 and 8,564, respectively, in relation to these notes. 
 
 Director Independence 
 
 Under the definition of independent directors found in Nasdaq Rule 5605(a)(2), which is the definition we have chosen to apply, Mark Croskery is independent. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The firm of Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah (a dba of Heaton Co., PLLC) has served as our independent registered public accounting firm since the year ended December 31, 2016. We anticipate that representatives of Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah will be present at any annual meeting and will be provided the opportunity to make a statement, if they desire to do so, and respond to appropriate questions. 
 
 Audit Fees 
 
 For our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we were billed approximately 20,000 for professional services rendered for the audit and reviews of our consolidated financial statements. For our fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, we were billed approximately 17,500 for professional services rendered for the audit and reviews of our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Tax Fees 
 
 For our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we were billed 0 and 1,000, respectively, for professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 
 
 All Other Fees 
 
 We did not incur any other fees related to services rendered by our principal accountant for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Audit and Non-Audit Service Preapproval Policy 
 
 In accordance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, our board of directors has adopted an informal approval policy that it believes will result in an effective and efficient procedure to preapprove services performed by the independent registered public accounting firm. 
 
 23 
 
 All of the professional services rendered by principal accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for last two fiscal years were approved by our board of directors. 
 
 Audit Services 
 
 Audit services include the annual financial statement audit (including quarterly reviews) and other procedures required to be performed by the independent registered public accounting firm to be able to form an opinion on our consolidated financial statements. The board of directors preapproves specified annual audit services engagement terms and fees and other specified audit fees. All other audit services must be specifically preapproved by the board of directors. The board of directors monitors the audit services engagement and may approve, if necessary, any changes in terms, conditions, and fees resulting from changes in audit scope or other items. 
 
 Audit-Related Services 
 
 Audit-related services are assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements, which historically have been provided to us by the independent registered public accounting firm and are consistent with the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules on auditor independence. The board of directors preapproves specified audit-related services within preapproved fee levels. All other audit-related services must be preapproved by the board of directors. 
 
 Tax Services 
 
 The board of directors preapproves specified tax services that it believes would not impair the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm and that are consistent with Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and guidance. The board of directors must specifically approve all other tax services. 
 
 All Other Services 
 
 Other services are services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm that do not fall within the established audit, audit-related, and tax services categories. The board of directors preapproves specified other services that do not fall within any of the specified prohibited categories of services. 
 
 Procedures 
 
 All proposals for services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm, which must include a detailed description of the services to be rendered and the amount of corresponding fees, are submitted to the board of directors and the chief financial officer. The chief financial officer authorizes services that have been preapproved by the board of directors. The chief financial officer submits requests or applications to provide services that have not been preapproved by board of directors, which must include an affirmation by the chief financial officer and the independent registered public accounting firm that the request or application is consistent with the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules on auditor independence, to board of directors for approval. 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a)The following financial statements are filed as part of this report: 
 24 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the Years 

Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (ID 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F-1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Mycotopia Therapies Inc. 
 Aventura, FL 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Mycotopia Therapies, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Consideration of the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has recently been forced to discontinue its only revenue stream, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding this matter are described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Going Concern Disclosure 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The consolidated financial statements of the Company are prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes that the Company will continue in operation for the foreseeable future and, accordingly, will be able to realize its assets and 
 F-2 
 
 discharge its liabilities in the normal course of operations. The Company s consideration of going concern included the following: 
 
 Acknowledgement of the Company s history of net losses and negative working capital. 
 
 Assessment of contractual obligations, such as commitments for repayments of accounts payable, accrued liabilities and convertible notes payable (collectively obligations ). 
 
 A ssumptions that illustrate the Company s ability to meet the obligations through management of expenditures, obtaining additional debt financing, and issuance of capital stock for additional funding to meet its operating needs. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included the following, among others: 
 
 We gained an understanding of the Company s internal controls, projections, and estimates as they relate to continuance as a going concern. 
 
 We evaluated the probability that the Company will be able to manage expenditures, obtain debt financing, and access funding from the capital markets. 

/s/ Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 

March 30, 2023 
 F-3 
 
 MYCOTOPIA THERAPIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS 

Property and equipment, net 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, MEZZANINE EQUITY AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued interest - shareholder loan 

Shareholder loan 

Convertible note payable, net of debt discount 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITES 

Convertible note payable, net of debt discount 

Shareholder loan payable, non-current 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

MEZZANINE EQUITY 

Preferred stock; par value; liquidation preference of ; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Common stock; par value; shares authorized; and , shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 ) 

) 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 
 ) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, MEZZANINE EQUITY AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 
 
 MYCOTOPIA THERAPIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year 

Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 OPERATING EXPENSE 

General and administrative 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

NET LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

) 

) 

OTHER (EXPENSE) INCOME 

Interest expense 

) 

) 
 
 Interest expense - related party 

) 

) 
 
 TOTAL OTHER (EXPENSE) INCOME 

) 

) 

NET LOSS BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

) 

) 
 
 Provision for income taxes 

NET LOSS 

) 

) 

NET LOSS PER SHARE BASIC AND DILUTED 

) 

) 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING BASIC AND DILUTED 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

MYCOTOPIA THERAPIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Preferred Shares 

Common Stock 
 
 Additional 
 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 
 Amount 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Paid-In Capital 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Total 
 
 Balance as of December 31 , 2020 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 Stock issued for services 

Debt discount on convertible debt and warrants 

Net loss for the year ended, December 31, 2021 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 Balance as of December 31 , 2021 

) 

Stock based compensation 

Sale of preferred shares in private placements 

Conversion of preferred shares to common shares 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Debt discount on convertible debt and warrants 

Conversion of convertible debt into shares of common stock 

# 

Common stock issued on cashless exercise of warrant 

) 

Net loss for the year ended, December 31, 2022 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 

) 
 
 ) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

MYCOTOPIA THERAPIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended, December 31, 

2022 

2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 Adjustments to Reconcile Net Loss to Net Cash Used In Operating Activities: 

Depreciation expense 

Amortization of debt discount 

Stock based compensation 

Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities: 

Increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Increase (decrease) in accrued interest - shareholder loan 
 
 ) 

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITES 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of property and equipment 

) 
 
 NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

) 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from shareholder loan 

Repayment of shareholder loan 
 
 ) 

Proceeds from the issuance of preferred stock 

Proceeds from the issuance of convertible debt 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITES 
 
 ) 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 
 
 ) 

CASH AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH AT END OF PERIOD 

Cash paid during the period: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 
 
 - 

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Conversion of preferred to common stock 

Debt discount on convertible note payable 

Conversion of convertible debt and interest 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 
 
 of the Company s then-outstanding stock and there was a change in control of the board of directors, the transaction was accounted for as a reverse merger in which Mycotopia Therapies, Inc. was deemed to be the accounting acquirer and the Company the legal acquirer. Subsequent to the transaction, the Company changed its name from 20/20 Global, Inc. to Mycotopia Therapies, Inc. 
 
 As a result of the transaction, the historical consolidated financial statements of the Company for periods prior to the date of the transaction are those of Mycotopia Therapies, Inc., as the accounting acquirer, and all references to the consolidated financial statements of the Company apply to the historical financial statements of Mycotopia Therapies, Inc. prior to the transaction and the consolidated financial statements of the Company subsequent to the transaction. 
 
 , had negative cash flows from operations of and may incur additional future losses. At December 31, 2022, the Company had total current assets of and total current liabilities of resulting in working capital deficit of . 
 
 The Company s existence is dependent upon management s ability to develop profitable operations. Management is devoting substantially all of its efforts to developing its business and raising capital and there can be no assurance that the Company s efforts will be successful. No assurance can be given that management s actions will result in profitable operations or the resolution of its liquidity problems. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result should the company be unable to continue as a going concern. 
 
 In order to improve the Company s liquidity, the Company s management is actively pursuing additional equity financing through discussions with investment bankers and private investors. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in its effort to secure additional equity financing. 
 
 The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability of assets and the amount or classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 
 F-8 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The estimated useful lives are as follows: buildings and improvements ; machinery and equipment ; computer software ; vehicles ; and land improvements . We assess our long-lived assets for impairment whenever there is an indicator of impairment. Impairment losses are evaluated if the estimated undiscounted cash flows from using the assets are less than carrying value. A loss is recognized when the carrying value of an asset exceeds its fair value. There were no impairment losses in 2022 and 2021. 
 
 F-9 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 F-10 

per year. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company repaid the 625,000 in outstanding principal and interest due on the three promissory notes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owes and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company accrued interest related to these loans and has outstanding and , respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded interest expense of and , respectively, in relation to these notes. 
 
 and , respectively, with net proceeds of and , respectively. In addition, the debt discount related to the note entered during 2022 was 325,000. In accordance with the terms of the agreement, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received notice to convert three loans for an aggregate of 232,500 in principal and 13,145 in interest, into shares of common stock (see Note 6). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had outstanding to various lenders as convertible promissory notes an aggregate amount of and , respectively. In aggregate, as of December 31, 2022 the principal amount includes 163,500 of original issue discount, 18,000 in cash financing fees, 49,750 in non-cash financing fees (see note 6) and 1,196,505 warrants with an exercise price of 1.50 per share. All notes are due to mature 24 months from their respective effective date and mature beginning on August 27, 2023 through January 21, 2024 Additionally, the notes effective interest rate of the notes is 8 and are convertible into shares of common stock at 1.00 per share. 
 
 The following tables reflects a summary of the outstanding principal and interest by each lender and their respective maturity date as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

Lender B 

Lender C 

Lender D 

Lender E 

Lender F 

Lender G 

- Total Outstanding = Principal + Interest as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded an aggregate debt discount of and , respectively, under the terms of convertible promissory note agreement. The total 325,000 debt discount was allocated between the original issue discount related to cash financing fees of , as well as recorded as an offset to additional paid-in capital in connection with the beneficial conversion feature and warrants (see Note 6). 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded debt discount amortization expense in the amount of and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had an unamortized debt discount balance of with a weighted amortization period of 1.24 years. 
 
 F-11 
 
 as a debt discount with an offset to additional paid-in capital in relation to the warrants issued in connection with the debt. The Company calculated the fair value of the warrants using the black-scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: 

Exercise price 

Expected volatility 

Stock price 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

. The Series A Shares are recorded as mezzanine equity in accordance with ASC 480 because the Company may be obligated to issue a variable number of shares at a fixed price known at inception and there is no maximum number of shares that could potentially be issued upon conversion. In this instance, cash settlement would be presumed and the Series A Shares are classified as mezzanine equity in accordance with ASC 480-10-S99. Immediately upon effectiveness of the registration statement registering for resale of all the common stock issuable under the Series A Shares, all outstanding Series A Shares shall automatically convert into common stock. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold shares of preferred stock to three shareholders for in proceeds as part under a Regulation A offering of Section 3(6) of the Securities Act of 1933. The shares are allowed to convert into common stock by option of the holder at any time based on the fair market value of the common stock at the date of the conversion. As of December 31, 2022, preferred shares with a fair value of were converted in various installments, into an aggregate shares of common stock. 
 
 Conversion of Convertible Debt and Warrants to Equity 
 
 During year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock, in the aggregate, upon the conversion of convertible promissory notes and accrued interest in the amount of (see Note 5). 
 
 STOCK BASED COMPENSATION 
 
 On July 26, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to three consultants for services rendered. The Company expensed in relation to this issuance which was the grant date fair value. 
 
 On July 27, 2021 and October 12, 2021, the Company issued and , respectively, shares of common stock to a board member for board services rendered. The Company expensed 30,000, in the aggregate, in relation to this issuance which was the grant date fair value. 
 
 On January 21, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to a related party and majority shareholder, Benjamin Kaplan, as part of his compensation for services rendered in accordance with his Agreement (Note 7) for services rendered as CEO. The Company expensed in relation to this issuance. 
 
 F-12 
 
 shares of common stock to a consultant for services rendered. The Company expensed in relation to this issuance. 
 
 On March 17, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock valued at as stock-based compensation for consulting services rendered. 
 
 Warrants Issued 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued warrants, to purchase common stock as part of the convertible promissory notes discussed above in note 5. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock upon the cashless exercise of warrants. 
 
 The following table reflects a summary of Common Stock warrants outstanding and warrant activity during the period ended December 31, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 

) 

- 

- 

Forfeited 

- 

- 

Warrants outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022 

The intrinsic value of warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2022 was 0. 
 
 The warrants granted during the year ending December 31, 2022 were allocated a value of 250,000 using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following weighted average assumptions: 

Exercise price 

Expected volatility 

Stock price 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

and , respectively, related to the Agreement. 
 
 F-13 

State 

Total current income tax expenses 

Deferred income taxes 

Federal 

State 

Total current income tax expenses 

Total income tax expense 

The reconciliation between income taxes at the U.S. federal and state statutory rates of approximately and the amount recorded in the accompanying consolidated financial statements is as follows: 

) 

Tax expense at state statutory rate 
 
 ) 

) 

Stock Based Compensation 

Amortization of Debt Discount 

Change in valuation allowance 

Other 

) 

Total 

We comply with GAAP, which requires the determination of deferred income taxes using an asset and liability approach, whereby deferred tax liabilities and assets are recognized for expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between carrying amounts and tax basis of asset and liabilities. Deferred balances are adjusted to reflect enacted changes in income tax rates. Due to the likelihood that the deferred assets will not be realized, a full valuation allowance has been recorded. Deferred tax assets are as follows: 

State net operating loss carryforward 

Total Deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 
 
 ) 

) 

- 

- 

At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company evaluated its tax positions and did not have any unrecognized tax benefits. The Company s practice is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. 
 
 The Company considers the U.S. and Florida to be major tax jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2022, for federal tax purposes the tax years 2020-2022 and for Florida the tax years 2019 through 2022 remain open to examination by tax authorities. 
 F-14 
 
 and , respectively for federal and Florida which can be carried forward indefinitely but are limited to 80 usage. 

F-15 
 
 (b)The following exhibits are filed as part of this report: 
 Exhibit 
 Number 

Title of Document 

Location 

Item 2. 
 
 Plan of Acquisition, Reorganization, Arrangement, Liquidation or Succession 

2.1 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement between 20/20 Global, Inc. and Ehave, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated by reference 
 from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 29, 2020 
 
 2.2 
 
 Change of Control and Funding Agreement . 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 29, 2020 

2.3 
 
 Amendment to Escrow Agreement and Definitive Agreements . 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 6, 2021 

Item 3. 
 
 Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of 20/20 Global, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the registration statement on Form 10 filed April 15, 2019 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 Filed on August 20, 2021 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws of 20/20 Global, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the registration statement on Form 10 filed April 15, 2019 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amendment to Bylaws . 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 20, 2021 

Item 10. 
 
 Material Contracts 

10.1 
 
 Kaplan Executive Consulting Agreement 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 14, 2022 
 
 10.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger with PSLY.com 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2022 
 
 10.3 
 
 Termination of Agreement and Plan of Merger 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 22, 2023 

Item 31. 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 

31.01 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 
 
 This filing 

Item 32 
 
 Section 1350 Certifications 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 This filing. 

Item 101 
 
 Interactive Data File 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 This filing. 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 This filing. 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 This filing. 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 This filing. 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
 This filing. 

_______________ 

All exhibits are numbered with the number preceding the decimal indicating the applicable SEC reference number in Item 601 and the number following the decimal indicating the sequence of the particular document. 

Users of this data are advised that, pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or Annual Report for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 18 of the Exchange Act of 1934 and otherwise are not subject to liability. 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MYCOTOPIA THERAPIES, INC. 

Date: March 30, 2022 
 By: 
 /s/ Benjamin Kaplan 

Benjamin Kaplan, 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive 

Officer, Principal Financial Officer) 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tpia_ex31z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.01 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Ben Kaplan, certify that: 
 
 1.I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Mycotopia Therapies, Inc.; 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Ben Kaplan 
 
 Ben Kaplan 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 tpia_ex32z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.01 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Mycotopia Therapies, Inc. the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ben Kaplan, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Ben Kaplan 
 
 Ben Kaplan 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 March 30, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.CAL>
 4
 tpia-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 5
 tpia-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 6
 tpia-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 tpia-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 tpia-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

