<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230327_10-K_edgar_data_1823896_0001193125-23-080543.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5620573</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>393634</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>999620</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1476547</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1353400</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1258580</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-080543.hdr.sgml : 20230327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230327164920
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-080543
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Golden Falcon Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001823896
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				852738750
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39816
		FILM NUMBER:		23765101

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		850 LIBRARY AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 204
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19711
		BUSINESS PHONE:		970-315-2644

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		850 LIBRARY AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 204
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19711

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-080543.txt : 20230327

10-K
 1
 d456313d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from 
 to 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of

 incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer

 Identification Number)

 , 

 , Delaware 

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

 (Zip Code) 

 ) 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of Each Class

Trading

 Symbol (s)

Name of Each Exchange on Which

 Registered

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the shares of Class A common stock of the registrant (based upon the closing price of the registrant s Class A common stock at that date as reported by the New York Stock Exchange), excluding outstanding shares beneficially owned by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, was . 
 As of March 27, 2023 
there were shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

3 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

3 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

11 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

47 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

47 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

48 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

48 

PART II 

49 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

49 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 

49 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

50 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

55 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

55 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

55 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

55 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

56 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

56 

PART III 

57 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

57 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

63 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

63 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

65 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

67 

PART IV 

69 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

69 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 

71 

SIGNATURES 

Table of Contents 

CERTAIN TERMS Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or unless the context otherwise requires, references to: 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation are to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, in effect as of the date hereof; 

Class A common stock are to our Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class B common stock are to our Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share; 

common stock are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock, collectively; 

Company, our, we or us are to Golden Falcon Acquisition Corp.; 

equity-linked securities are to any securities of our company that are convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for common stock of our company; 

founder shares are to shares of our Class B common stock outstanding as of our initial public offering and the shares of our Class A common stock that may be issued upon the conversion thereof as described herein; 

initial stockholders are to our sponsor and the other holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering; 

management or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering; 

public shares are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares; 

public warrants are to (1) our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering and (2) any private placement warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans that are transferred to third parties that are not our sponsor or its permitted transferees following the consummation of our initial business combination; 

Representatives are to UBS Securities LLC and Moelis Company LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters of our initial public offering; 

specified future issuance are to an issuance of a class of equity or equity-linked securities to certain purchasers, which may include affiliates of our management team, that we may determine to make in connection with financing our initial business combination; 

sponsor are to Golden Falcon Sponsor Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; and 

warrants are to our public warrants and private placement warrants, as well as any warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans upon consummation of our initial business combination, collectively. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Some statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report are forward-looking in nature. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including with respect to our proposed business combination with MNG Havayollari ve Tasimacilik A.S. MNG ). In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report may include, for example, statements about: 

our ability to complete our initial business combination, including the proposed business combination with MNG; 

our expectations around the performance of MNG or any other prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses if the proposed business combination with MNG is not completed; 

our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the recent COVID-19 pandemic, the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and resulting sanctions, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, geopolitical unrest, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases); 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; 

our financial performance; and 

the other risk and uncertainties discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors, elsewhere in this Annual Report and in our other filings with the SEC, including in our preliminary prospectus/proxy statement to be included in a Registration Statement on Form F-4 that MNG will file with the SEC relating to the proposed business combination with MNG. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS General We are a Delaware corporation structured as a blank check company formed on August 24, 2020, for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. We seek to leverage our management team s proprietary global network of strong relationships with private equity sponsors, entrepreneurs, venture and growth capital funds, family offices, large corporations, sovereign wealth funds and their owners and most senior officers to identify, structure, finance, acquire and support the operation of a business combination target. In pursuing our strategy we intend to take advantage of our management team s extensive experience in investing in and operating businesses across a wide range of sectors and geographies. While we may pursue an initial business combination with any target business and in any sector or geographical location, we focused our search on companies operating in the TMT and fintech sectors that are headquartered in Europe, Israel, the Middle East or North America, but remained open to evaluating other potential targets that meet our identified business combination criteria. We believe that this combination of relationships, experience and expertise puts us in a strong position to source an attractive target and complete an initial business combination and makes us a preferred partner for potential business combination targets. In September 2020, we issued 7,187,500 founder shares to our sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share. In November 2020, our sponsor transferred to our independent directors an aggregate of 150,000 founder shares at the same price originally paid for such shares. In December 2020, we effected a stock dividend of 1,437,500 shares with respect to our Class B common stock, resulting in our initial stockholders holding an aggregate of 8,625,000 founder shares. The registration statements on Form S-1 (File Nos. 333-251058 and 333-251448) for our initial public offering were declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on December 17, 2020. On December 22, 2020, we consummated our initial public offering of 34,500,000 units, including the issuance of 4,500,000 units as a result of the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option, with each unit consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share. The units in our initial public offering were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating total gross proceeds of 345,000,000. Simultaneously with the consummation of our initial public offering and the full over-allotment option, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 8,900,000 private placement warrants to our sponsor at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrant, generating total gross proceeds of 8,900,000 (the private placement ). A total of 345,000,000 (or 10.00 per unit sold in our initial public offering) of the net proceeds from our initial public offering and the private placement was placed in a trust account established for the benefit of our public shareholders (the trust account ), with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and has been invested only in U.S. government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination within the required time period and (ii) the distribution of the trust account, as described below, except that interest earned on the trust account can be released to pay our taxes payable and for dissolution expenses up to 100,000, as applicable. Our units began trading on December 18, 2020 on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE under the symbol GFX.U. Commencing on February 8, 2021, the shares of Class A common stock and warrants comprising the units began separate trading on the NYSE under the symbols GFX and GFX WS, respectively. Those units not separated continue to trade on the NYSE under the symbol GFX.U. On December 20, 2022, we held a special meeting in lieu of our 2022 annual meeting of stockholders (the special meeting at which our stockholders approved an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Charter Amendment and an amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2020 (the trust agreement ), by and between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, (the Trust Amendment ). The Charter Amendment and the Trust Amendment extend the date by which we must consummate our initial business combination (the Extension from December 22, 2022 to June 22, 2023, or such earlier date as determined by the our board of directors (such later date, the Extended Date ). 
 3 

Table of Contents 

In connection with the stockholder vote to approve the Extension, the holders of 30,291,421 shares of Class A common stock properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.11 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 306.3 million, leaving approximately 42.6 million in the trust account, immediately following the redemptions. In connection with the Charter Amendment, we entered into a commitment agreement with two stockholders, pursuant to which the stockholders agreed to not redeem an aggregate of 230,000 public shares in connection with the extension vote, in exchange for our sponsor s commitment to transfer an aggregate of 115,000 founder shares (the Transfer Shares to such stockholders following the closing of the Proposed Business Combination, within 10 days after the expiration of the earliest lockup applicable to the founder shares. Proposed Business Combination Business Combination Agreement On December 6, 2022, we entered into a business combination agreement (as amended, the Business Combination Agreement with MNG Havayollari ve Tasimacilik A.S., a joint stock corporation organized under the laws of Turkey MNG ), Merlin HoldCo, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of MNG HoldCo ), Merlin IntermediateCo, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of HoldCo IntermediateCo ), Merlin FinCo, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of HoldCo FinCo ), and Merlin Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of IntermediateCo Merger Sub ). If the Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby are adopted and approved by our stockholders, and the Business Combination is subsequently completed, Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company (the Merger ), with the Company continuing as the surviving company after the Merger, as a result of which the Company will become an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of MNG (the Business Combination ). The transaction, which we refer to as the Proposed Business Combination, is subject to customary conditions of the respective parties, including the approval of the business combination by our stockholders. Sponsor Support Agreement Concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Business Combination Agreement we, the Sponsor, MNG and additional holders of founder shares (collectively, the Sponsor Persons entered into a sponsor support agreement (as amended, the Sponsor Support Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, the Sponsor Persons agreed to (a) support and vote their founder shares in favor of the Business Combination Agreement and the other transaction agreements to which the Company is or will be a party and the Business Combination; (b) subject their founder shares to certain transfer restrictions; and (c) after the Effective Time, for as long as the Sponsor (or a permitted transferee of Sponsor) holds MNG Warrants, any exercise by Sponsor (or a Permitted Transferee of the Sponsor) of such MNG Warrants will only be done on a cash (and not a cashless) basis. Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement Concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Business Combination Agreement, MNG, the Sponsor and the other parties thereto (together with the Sponsor, the Holders entered into a registration rights and lock-up agreement (as amended, the Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement ), pursuant to which MNG agreed, among other things, to file a registration statement to register the resale of certain securities of MNG held by the Holders and to provide the parties thereto customary demand, shelf and piggy-back rights on secondary offerings, subject to customary cut-back provisions and coordinated offerings. MNG Ordinary Shares or MNG ADSs beneficially owned or owned of record by the holders are subject to lock-up provisions as set forth in the Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement. Shareholders Statement Concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Business Combination Agreement, the MNG Shareholders executed the MNG Shareholders Statement, pursuant to which, among other things, the MNG Shareholders agreed to support and vote their MNG Ordinary Shares in favor of the proposals that the MNG Shareholders shall be required to approve in connection with the Business Combination. On February 14, 2023, each of the Business Combination Agreement, Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement and Sponsor Support Agreement were amended to, among other things, reflect that at the effective time of the Merger, holders of outstanding warrants to purchase shares of Class A common stock would receive warrants to purchase MNG ordinary shares (represented by MNG s American depositary shares) instead of receiving MNG warrants in the form of MNG s American depositary warrants, as previously provided. The Proposed Business Combination, the Business Combination Agreement, the Sponsor Support Agreement, the Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement and the Shareholders Statement are more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report. A copy of each of the foregoing agreements was included as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 12, 2022 and are also filed as exhibits to this Annual Report. A copy of each of the amendments to the Business Combination Agreement, the Sponsor Support Agreement and the Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement was included as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 21, 2023 and are also filed as exhibits to this Annual Report. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Unless specifically stated, this Annual Report does not give effect to the Proposed Business Combination and does not contain the risks associated with the Proposed Business Combination. Such risks and effects relating to the Proposed Business Combination will be included in our preliminary prospectus/proxy statement to be included in a Registration Statement on Form F-4 that MNG will file with the SEC relating to the Proposed Business Combination. Business Strategy Our business strategy is to identify and complete our initial business combination with a company that can benefit from: (i) the global capital markets and operating experience of our management team and strategic advisory group, (ii) additional capital to achieve its growth strategy and (iii) access to public securities markets. Our management team has access to a wide range of companies operating in TMT and fintech sectors that are headquartered in Europe, Israel, the Middle East or North America. Our executive officers combined experience includes over 100 years of investment banking, private equity and executive management experience and over 440 transactions with an aggregate value of over 550 billion globally. Our management team s network has been developed through its: 

experience in sourcing, structuring, acquiring, operating, developing, growing, financing and selling businesses; 

relationships with business owners, financing providers and target management teams; and 

extensive experience in both investing in and operating businesses across a wide range of sectors. Our management team leverages these capabilities, networks and expertise together with those of our strategic advisory group. We have chosen our independent board members and established a strategic advisory group for the purposes of assisting our executive officers with sourcing and evaluating business combination opportunities and developing plans and strategies to optimize any business that we acquire. Our independent board members have extensive sector and geographic expertise, operating experience, access to proprietary deal flow, strong relationships with business leaders and entrepreneurs and the ability to source an attractive target and assist us in implementing our business combination strategy. They have held senior leadership positions with companies where they have a proven strong track record of creating shareholder value, organically and through transformational acquisitions or corporate restructurings, as well as extensive relationships with owners and operators of companies within their respective industries. Our strategic advisory group consists of individuals who have complementary sourcing and operational expertise in our sectors of focus. Specifically, they have experience in: 

operating companies, devising and implementing strategies and identifying, monitoring and recruiting world-class talent; 

developing and growing companies organically by expanding their product range and geographic footprint; 

acquiring companies, leading transformational transactions or corporate restructurings and managing corporate integration with success; 

investing in equity and fixed income assets in both public and private markets across various sectors, jurisdictions and economic cycles; and 

developing and maintaining extensive relationships with owners and operators of companies, as well as with a wide range of financial and legal advisers. Our strategic advisory group currently includes: 

Francois Barrault , Chairman Founder, FDB Partners; formerly CEO, BT Global Services; President, BT International; President CEO, Lucent EMEA; CEO, Lucent Mobile International; Founder, DigiWorld Summit; 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Joseph Berardino , Managing Director, Alvarez Marsal; formerly Partner, Arthur Andersen; CEO, Andersen 

Matthew Bronfman , Chairman CEO, BHB Holdings; Chairman, Lincoln Avenue Capital; formerly Chairman, Bronfman Rothschild; Partner, ACI Capital; 

David Gardner, OBE , Co-founder and General Partner of London Venture Partners; formerly CEO of Atari; Executive Vice President of Electronic Arts; Board of Directors of Embracer Group and Double Loop Games; 

Arjun Gupta , founder and managing partner of TeleSoft Partners; Chairman, Nexant Inc.; Chairman, Calient Technologies Inc.; Board of Directors of Larsen Toubro Infotech Ltd; Board of Directors of L T Technology Services Limited; 

Travis Katz , CEO, BrightDrop; formerly Entrepreneur-in-Residence, Redpoint Ventures; Vice President of Products, Skyscanner; Co-Founder CEO, Trip.com; Co-Founder, Fox Interactive Media; 

Gerrit Meier , CEO, foodspring; formerly Global CEO, Red Bull Media Network; Managing Director, Red Bull Media House; President, International WWE; Global General Manager for Distribution and Partnerships, Spotify; COO, iHeartMedia s Digital Division; 

Tom Mockridge , former CEO, Virgin Media; Deputy Chairman, BSkyB; CEO, News Corp UK Ireland; CEO, European TV News Corp; CEO, Sky Italia; Chairman, Star TV; 

Lionel de Saint-Exup ry , Executive Board Member and Chairman of the Strategic Committee, China Development Financial Holdings; CEO Chairman, Investment Committee of CDIB Capital; and 

Kenneth I. Tuchman , former Vice-Chairman, Bank of Montreal; Vice-Chairman, Bank of America Merrill Lynch; Co-Head Global M A, Lehman Brothers; Chairman, Global Americas, Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein. We may add additional members to the strategic advisory group from time to time. Unlike our management team, members of our strategic advisory group are not responsible for managing our day-to-day affairs and have no authority to engage in substantive discussions with business combination targets on our behalf. Members of our strategic advisory group are not paid, but may be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them, in connection with the search for business combination targets before or after the consummation of our initial business combination. We have not currently entered into any formal arrangements or agreements with the members of our strategic advisory group to provide services to us and they have no fiduciary obligations to present business opportunities to us. To align the incentives of members of the strategic advisory group with our stockholders, a majority of the members of the strategic advisory group have invested in our sponsor and are eligible to share in a portion of the appreciation in founder shares and private placement warrants, provided that we successfully complete a business combination. We believe that the combination of our management team and strategic advisory group is an innovative approach to identifying potential high quality business combination targets and aligns incentives with our stockholders, providing us with distinctive and differentiated capabilities to create stockholder value. We also have access to the advisory and other resources and strategic capabilities of Full Circle Capital, which we believe gives us a competitive advantage in our acquisition strategy and our ability to identify and implement value creation initiatives. Full Circle Capital was founded by Makram Azar in 2019 as a private investment and advisory group that provides financial and strategic advice to key partners and select clients within its network, leveraging its global reach and experience across a broad range of sectors and geographies, to source direct principal investment opportunities across the spectrum of private equity, including venture and buy-outs, in the UK, continental Europe, North America and the Middle East, with an emphasis on cross-sector tech, media, telecom, consumer and impact and sustainability. In addition, target business candidates may be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. We have strong relationships on both sides of the Atlantic and believe that the networks and experience of our management team and strategic advisory group provide us with specific competitive advantages over other blank check companies in sourcing attractive targets based in Europe, Israel or the Middle East. We believe that these regions provide a compelling market opportunity for the following reasons: 

Attractive valuation : stocks in these markets tend to trade at lower valuations, enhancing the multiple arbitrage available by listing the target in the U.S.; 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Underpenetrated : equity markets in Europe, Israel and the Middle East are comparatively more thinly capitalized relative to the U.S. in terms of GDP, suggesting a large number of high-quality private companies that could benefit from going public; furthermore, there have been comparatively few business combinations between U.S.-listed blank check companies and targets located in Europe, Israel and the Middle East just 18, compared to 110 with U.S. targets, from January 1, 2019 to November 30, 2020; 

Underrepresented : Europe is second only to China as an exporter of goods and services to the U.S., reflecting substantial economic output and a nexus to the U.S., whereas relatively few European companies have completed initial public offerings in the U.S.; 

Our knowledge and experience : our executive officers, board of directors and strategic advisory group have substantial experience in, and relationships with, the most senior decision makers across these regions, which we believe gives us substantially greater access to opportunities; 

Access to family or founder owned businesses : we have strong ties with prominent families (particularly, but not exclusively, based in Europe, Israel and the Middle East) and have a history of working constructively and collaboratively with family and founder-owned businesses, which is a point of differentiation in negotiating a business combination with these companies. 

Technology and innovation : these regions have emerged as technology hubs in their own right, outside of Silicon Valley; for instance, at the time of our initial public offering, there were over 60 unicorns private companies valued at 1 billion or more based in Europe, Israel and the Middle East; 

US stock exchanges increasing attractiveness : at the time of our initial public offering, over 200 companies from Europe, Israel and the Middle East had their primary listings on NYSE or Nasdaq, compared to fewer than 20 in 2010; and 

Limited competition : our on-the-ground presence in Europe as well as well as our knowledge of, relationships in, and experience investing in, Europe, Israel and the Middle East are key differentiators for us as compared to other blank check companies, the vast majority of which we believe are seeking business combinations exclusively in the U.S. Business Combination Criteria Consistent with our business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We have used these criteria and guidelines in evaluating business combination opportunities, including the Proposed Business Combination, although if the proposed business combination with MNG is not completed, we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We view ourselves as rigorous, disciplined and valuation-centric investors, with a keen understanding of market value, upside and potential downside risks. 

Business with significant revenue and earnings growth potential. We seek to acquire one or more businesses that we believe will have multiple organic and M A-driven growth opportunities over time and are well positioned to take advantage of secular, macroeconomic and credit trends, endure economic downturns, changes in the industry landscape and respond to evolving customer, supplier and competitor preferences. We search for attractive, growth-oriented businesses that exhibit sound, underlying fundamentals as well as demonstrated revenue growth and an existing or a clear path to attractive profitability. This includes such potential targets that are currently, or have the potential to be, category leaders with long-term growth potential. 

Targets that can benefit from our relationships and experience. While we may pursue an initial business combination opportunity in any industry or sector, we capitalize on our management team s domain expertise acquired through decades of strategic deal-making in our targeted sectors. We believe our management team s deep network of senior management, owners of businesses, board relationships and sophisticated private and public market investors give us a number of competitive advantages and present us with a substantial number of potential business combination targets. Our management team will leverage the broad spectrum of skills and expertise of our strategic advisory group, all of whom have extensive deal making, management and operational experience. We believe our team represents an exceptionally attractive combination of investing, capital markets, and operational experience that potential combination candidates will find highly desirable and complementary to their growth plans and will have the potential to substantially enhance shareholder value. 

Companies with potential to benefit from the fourth industrial revolution. We seek to acquire one or more businesses which currently, or have the potential to, benefit from digital disruption positioning them to disintermediate or disrupt in their industry vertical, driven by the exponential increase in data generation, advances in artificial intelligence and robotics, rising processing power and/or ubiquitous global connectivity through smartphones, among other technologies. The technological impact of COVID- 
 7 

Table of Contents 

19 has been to accelerate trends that were already underway before the pandemic arose, including in the areas of remote working and learning, migration to cloud computing and productivity, mobile and interactive entertainment and transition from brick-and-mortar businesses to e-commerce. We believe that these trends are generating a significant market opportunity across our areas of focus in TMT and fintech. 

Businesses with a strong transatlantic nexus. We focused on companies in Europe, Israel and the Middle East whose current or future businesses have a nexus to the United States, but remained open to evaluating other potential targets that meet our identified business combination criteria. These companies would benefit from having access to the deep public capital markets in the U.S. associated with a listing on the NYSE and access to capital to pursue accretive acquisitions, fund capital projects, pursue their growth strategies and/or strengthen their balances sheets. At the same time, we believe we are an attractive partner for those companies headquartered in North America seeking access and growth in Europe, Israel and the Middle East as we leverage our relationships with corporate customers and business partners to help expand their geographical footprint. These criteria and guidelines are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management team may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria and guidelines in our stockholder communications related to our initial business combination, which would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents that we would file with the SEC. In addition to any potential business candidates we may identify on our own, other target business candidates may be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds, and large business enterprises seeking to divest non-core assets or divisions. Initial Business Combination Pursuant to the NYSE listing rules, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. Additionally, pursuant to the NYSE rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we are not then listed on the NYSE, these rules will not be applicable to us. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own or acquire shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, including an Affiliated Joint Acquisition as described above. However, we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired by us is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 fair market value test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. We may, at our option, pursue an acquisition opportunity jointly with members of our management team (or their affiliates), which we refer to as an Affiliated Joint Acquisition. Any members of our management team or their affiliates may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by undertaking a specified future issuance to such parties. The amount and other terms and conditions of any such specified future issuance would be determined at the time thereof. We are not obligated to make any specified future issuance and may determine not to do so. Pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions of our Class B common stock, any such specified future issuance would result in an adjustment to the conversion ratio such that our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees, if any, would retain their aggregate percentage ownership at 20 of the sum of the total number of all shares of 
 8 

Table of Contents 

common stock outstanding upon completion of our initial public offering plus all shares issued in the specified future issuance (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued or issuable to any seller in the initial business combination), unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class B common stock agreed to waive such adjustment with respect to the specified future issuance at the time thereof. We cannot determine at this time whether a majority of the holders of our Class B common stock at the time of any such specified future issuance would agree to waive such adjustment to the conversion ratio. If such adjustment is not waived, the specified future issuance would not reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class B common stock, but would reduce the percentage ownership of our public stockholders. If such adjustment is waived, the specified future issuance would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of both classes of our common stock. Our Acquisition Process We believe that conducting comprehensive due diligence on prospective investments is important. We utilize the diligence, rigor, and expertise of our management team to evaluate potential targets strengths, weaknesses, and opportunities to identify the relative risk and return profile of any potential target for our initial business combination. Given our management team s extensive investment experience, we may often be familiar with the prospective target s end-market, competitive landscape and business model. In evaluating a prospective target business, as was the case with MNG, we expect to conduct a due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspections of facilities, as well as reviewing financial and other information which will be made available to us. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we have in the past and, if the proposed business combination with MNG is not completed, may in the future encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Human Capital Resources We currently have three officers, including the Chairman of our Board, and do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they have and intend to continue to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any such person will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. Our Website Our corporate website address is www.goldenfalconcorp.com . The information contained on, or accessible through our corporate website or any other website that we may maintain is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, as well as any amendments and exhibits to these reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, are available on our website, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Alternatively, you may access these reports at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information We have registered our units, Class A common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. We cannot assure you that any particular target business selected by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or IFRS and PCAOB standards or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with GAAP or IFRS and PCAOB standards. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. We are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements on our internal control over financial reporting. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our shares of Class A common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter; and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Summary of Risk Factors An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in this section, alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Such risks include, but are not limited to : 

We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of the business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed to vote their shares in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our ordinary shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential target businesses, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination, if at all, or optimize our capital structure. 

The requirement that we complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 

As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. If the Proposed Business Combination with MNG is not completed and we have to seek another target company, this could increase the cost of our initial business combination and, could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and other events, and the status of debt and equity markets. 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by negative impacts on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia and subsequent sanctions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities. 

Past performance by our management team, our strategic advisory group and their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into certain transactions, including purchasing shares or warrants from the public, which may influence the outcome of a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our securities. 

If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

The NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our security holders are not entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on our redemption of our public shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If we effect our initial business combination with a business located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until at least the Extended Date, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 

The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the shares of our Class A common stock, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time. 

Unlike some other similarly structured blank check companies, our initial stockholders will receive additional shares of our Class A common stock if we issue shares to complete an initial business combination. 

Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those conducted by us (and they may also become an officer or director of any other special purpose acquisition company) and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Provisions in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A common stock and could entrench management. For risk factors related to MNG and our proposed business combination, please review the Registration Statement on Form F-4 to be filed by MNG, including the preliminary proxy statement/prospectus of the Company to be included therein, and the definitive proxy statement/prospectus to be filed by the Company. Risks Relating to Our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a newly formed company with no operating results to date. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We may be unable to complete our initial business combination, including the Proposed Business Combination with MNG. If we fail to complete our business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. We may not hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons. Except as required by applicable law, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval under stock exchange listing requirements. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We may not have sufficient liquidity to meet our anticipated obligations over the next year from the issuance of these financial statements. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with in accordance with ASC Topic 205-40 Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern, we have until June 22, 2023, or such earlier date as determined by our board of directors to consummate a business combination. It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a business combination by this time. If a business combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the company. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should a business combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the company be required to liquidate after June 22, 2023. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed to vote their shares in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors own shares representing 67.2 of our outstanding shares of common stock as of December 31, 2022. Because we generally only need a majority of the outstanding shares to be voted in favor of a proposed business combination to have such transaction approved, if our initial stockholders, officers and directors vote their shares as agreed, we have enough votes to have our initial business combination approved. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of the business combination. You may not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination. Accordingly, if we do not seek stockholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights in connection with the consummation of an initial business combination. The nominal purchase price paid by the Sponsor and independent directors for the Founder Shares may significantly dilute the implied value of the Public Shares upon completion of the Business Combination. In addition, the value of the Founder Shares will be significantly greater than the amount the Sponsor and independent directors paid to purchase such shares, even if the Business Combination causes the trading price of the MNG ADSs to materially decline. The Sponsor and independent directors invested an aggregate of 8,925,000 in us, comprised of the 25,000 purchase price for the founder shares and the 8,900,000 purchase price paid by the sponsor for the private placement warrants. The amount held in the trust account was 42,563,077 as of December 31, 2022, implying a value of approximately 10.11 per Public Share. The following table shows the public stockholders and the sponsor s and independent directors investment per share and how these compare to the implied value of one MNG ADS (and the MNG Ordinary Share represented thereby) upon the completion of the Business Combination. The following table assumes that (i) MNG s valuation is 42,563,077 (which is the amount we held in the trust account as of December 31, 2022), (ii) no additional interest is earned on the funds held in the trust account, (iii) no public shares are redeemed in connection with the Business Combination and (iv) all founder shares are converted into MNG ADSs and held by the sponsor and the independent directors upon completion of the Business Combination, and does not take into account other potential impacts on our valuation at the time of the Business Combination such as (a) the value of the warrants, (b) the trading price of Class A common stock, (c) the Business Combination transaction costs (including payment of the Deferred Underwriting Fee (as defined herein)), (d) any equity issued to MNG s equity holders, (e) any equity issued as a result of potential financing arrangements or to other third party investors, (g) the transfer of 115,000 Transfer Shares (as defined herein) to certain stockholders following the closing, within 10 days after the expiration of the earliest lockup applicable to the founder shares, (h) the vesting conditions to which a portion of the MNG ADSs received by the Sponsor Persons in the Merger will be subject, or (i) MNG s business itself. We did not include the Sponsor s 200,000 unsecured promissory note issued as of September 2, 2020 or the Sponsor s convertible promissory note issued as of September 13, 2021 as these are not classified as investments rather they are considered loans for working capital purposes to fulfill the companies short-term liquidity needs. 

Shares held by public stockholders 

4,208,579 

Shares held by the sponsor and independent directors 

8,625,000 

Total shares of common stock 

12,833,579 

Total funds in the Trust Account (1) 

42,563,077 

Public Stockholders investment per public share(2) 

10.00 

Sponsor s and independent directors investment per founder share(3) 

0.003 

Implied value per share of MNG ADS (and the MNG Ordinary Share represented thereby) immediately following the Closing 

3.32 

13 

Table of Contents 

(1) 
 Amount held in the trust account as of December 31, 2022. 

(2) 
 While the public stockholders investment in units represents an investment in both the public shares and the public warrants, for purposes of this table the full investment amount is ascribed to the public shares only. 

(3) 
 Calculated based on the sponsor s and independent directors 25,000 investment in founder shares. This does not include the sponsor s 8,900,000 investment in the private placement warrants. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Based on these assumptions, each MNG ADS (and the MNG Ordinary Share represented thereby) would have an implied value of 3.32 per share upon completion of the Business Combination, representing an approximately 66.8 decrease from the initial implied value of 10.00 per public share. While the implied value of 3.32 per share upon completion of the Business Combination would represent a dilution to the public stockholders, this would represent an increase in value for the sponsor relative to the price it paid for each founder share. At 3.32 per share, the 8,625,000 MNG ADSs of the post-combination company (not taking into account the potential impact of the Transfer Shares and the vesting conditions to which a portion of the MNG ADSs received by the Sponsor Persons in the Merger will be subject) that the sponsor and the initial stockholders holding founder shares would own upon completion of our initial business combination would have an aggregate implied value of 28,635,000. As a result, even if the trading price of MNG ADSs significantly declines, the value of the founder shares held by the sponsor and independent directors will be significantly greater than the amount they paid to purchase such shares. In addition, the sponsor and independent directors could potentially recoup their entire investment, inclusive of the sponsor s investment in the private placement warrants, even if the trading price of MNG ADSs after the completion of the Business Combination is as low as 1.03 per share. As a result, the sponsor and independent directors are likely to earn a substantial profit on their investment in us upon disposition of the MNG ADSs of the post-combination company even if the trading price of the MNG ADSs of the post-combination company declines after we complete our initial business combination. The sponsor and independent directors holding founder shares may therefore be economically incentivized to complete an initial business combination even if its terms are not in the best interests of public stockholders, rather than liquidating our Company. This dilution would increase to the extent that public stockholders seek redemptions from the trust account for their public shares. The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential target businesses, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon completion of our initial business combination or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition, each as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination, if at all, or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into another agreement for our initial business combination (if the Proposed Business Combination with MNG is not completed) we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the Representatives will not be adjusted for any shares that are 
 15 

Table of Contents 

redeemed in connection with a business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming stockholders will reflect our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting commissions. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 88 of the total outstanding shares were redeemed, representing approximately 306.3 million in redemption payments to stockholders. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. Additionally, if our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market; however, at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open market. The requirement that we complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the end of the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence. As a result, we may be forced to enter into an agreement for an initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected had we had more time to complete a transaction. We may not be able to complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that we must complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date. We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within such time period. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic persists both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and resulting sanctions may also have similar effects, and the impact of such effects on us will depend on future developments that cannot be predicted with any degree of certainty. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic, the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and resulting sanctions, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period or during any Extension Period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right 
 16 

Table of Contents 

to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors in this section. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into certain transactions, including purchasing shares or warrants from the public, which may influence the outcome of a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our securities. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (1) vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination, (2) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A common stock or warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until at least the Extended Date, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. The funds available to us outside of the trust account to fund our working capital requirements may not be sufficient to allow us to operate until at least the Extended Date, assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account, together with funds available from loans from our sponsor will be sufficient to allow us to operate until at least the Extended Date; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors below. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, only approximately 1,000,000 was initially available to us outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our initial stockholders, management team or other third parties to operate, or we may be forced to liquidate. None of our initial stockholders, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to, or invest in, us in such circumstances. On September 2, 2020, we issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which we may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 200,000. On September 13, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan us an aggregate of up to 1,000,000 pursuant to the convertible promissory note. If we do not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business, we may not be able to consummate an initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors in this section. Subsequent to the completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, such as MNG, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain a stockholder or warrant holder following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such security holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. We may not be able to complete an initial business combination with a U.S. target company or MNG if such initial business combination is subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations and review by a U.S. government entity such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), and ultimately prohibited by the same. Our sponsor, Golden Falcon Sponsor, LLC, is a Delaware limited liability company. Further, Mr. Azar, our Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Freidheim, our Chairman of the Board, are both managers, and, therefore, controlling persons, of the Sponsor and are both U.S. citizens. However, as our sponsor has certain ties with non-U.S. persons, CFIUS may deem our sponsor a foreign person. In addition, MNG is incorporated and headquartered in Turkey, and is therefore likely to be considered a foreign person for CFIUS purposes. As a result of the proposed initial business combination, MNG will become the ultimate parent of Golden Falcon, a U.S. entity. As such, both the initial business combination with MNG and any subsequent business combinations with a U.S. business may be subject to CFIUS review, the scope of which was expanded by the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 FIRRMA ), to include certain non-passive, non-controlling investments in sensitive U.S. businesses and certain acquisitions of real estate even with no underlying U.S. business. FIRRMA, and subsequent implementing regulations that are now in force, also subjects certain categories of investments to mandatory filings. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

All of the U.S. entities involved in the initial business combination are special purpose vehicles and do not engage in any business activities that would trigger a mandatory CFIUS filing requirement, such as the design, fabrication, development, testing, production, or manufacture of any critical technologies, the collection or maintenance of sensitive personal data, or ownership or operation of any critical infrastructure. However, CFIUS may determine that the initial business combination is subject to CFIUS jurisdiction and investigate the transaction or request the parties submit a CFIUS filing. If our potential initial business combination with a U.S. business falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may determine that we are required to make a mandatory filing or we may choose to submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with the initial business combination without notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing the initial business combination. CFIUS may decide to block or delay our initial business combination, impose conditions to mitigate national security concerns with respect to such initial business combination or order us to divest all or a portion of a U.S. business of the combined company, which may limit the attractiveness of or prevent us from pursuing certain initial business combination opportunities that we believe would otherwise be beneficial to us and our stockholders. As a result, the pool of potential targets with which we could complete an initial business combination may be limited and we may be adversely affected in terms of competing with other special purpose acquisition companies which do not have similar foreign ownership issues. Moreover, the process of government review, whether by the CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy and we have limited time to complete our initial business combination. If we cannot complete our initial business combination by June 22, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by our board) because the review process drags on beyond such timeframe or because our initial business combination is ultimately prohibited by CFIUS or another U.S. government entity, we may be required to liquidate. If we liquidate, our public stockholders may only receive an amount per share that will be determined by when we liquidate, and our warrants will expire worthless. This will also cause you to lose the investment opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing future gains on your investment through any price appreciation in the combined company. If we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would be severely restricted and, as a result, we may abandon our efforts to consummate an initial business combination and liquidate. On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to certain activities of SPACs (the SPAC Rule Proposals ), relating to, among other things, circumstances in which SPACs could potentially be subject to the Investment Company Act and the regulations thereunder. The SPAC Rule Proposals would provide a safe harbor for such companies from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria, including a limited time period to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC Rule Proposals would require a company to file a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company for an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of its registration statement for its IPO (the IPO Registration Statement ). The company would then be required to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement. There is currently uncertainty concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC. It is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered investment company. This risk may be increased if we continue to hold the funds in the trust account in short-term U.S. government treasury obligations or in money market funds invested exclusively in such securities, rather than instructing the trustee to liquidate the securities in the trust account and hold the funds in the trust account in cash. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities would be severely restricted. In addition, we would be subject to burdensome compliance requirements. We do not believe that our principal activities will subject us to regulation as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. However, if we are deemed to be an investment company and subject to compliance with and regulation under the Investment Company Act, we would be subject to additional regulatory burdens and expenses for which we have not allotted funds. As a result, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we would expect to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead to liquidate. If we are required to liquidate, our stockholders would not be able to realize the benefits of owning stock in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our stock and warrants following such a transaction, and our warrants would expire worthless. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible after the Extended Date (or the end of any Extension Period) in the event we do not complete our initial business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures. Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we were unable to complete the Proposed Business Combination with MNG and have to select another target business with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any such other target business operations. We may pursue acquisition opportunities in any geographic region. While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business industry or sector, we focused our search on companies operating in the TMT and fintech sectors that are headquartered in Europe, Israel, the Middle East or North America, but remained open to evaluating other potential targets that meet our identified business combination criteria. Except that we are not, under our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, permitted to complete our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations, we have flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate. Accordingly, if we were unable to complete the Business Combination with MNG, there is no basis for you to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the particular industry in which we may ultimately operate or the target business which we may ultimately acquire. To the extent we consummate our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will 
 20 

Table of Contents 

properly ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors relevant to such acquisition or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a target business. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain a stockholder or warrant holder following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such security holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. If we were unable to complete the Proposed Business Combination with MNG, we could seek investment opportunities outside our management s area of expertise and our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all significant risks associated with the target company. There is no limitation on the industry or business sector we may consider when contemplating our initial business combination. We may therefore be presented with a business combination candidate in an industry unfamiliar to our management team, but determine that such candidate offers an attractive investment opportunity for our company. In the event we elect to pursue an investment outside of our management s expertise, our management s experience may not be directly applicable to the target business or the evaluation of its operations. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, if we are unable to complete the Proposed Business Combination with MNG, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors in this section. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. If the Proposed Business Combination with MNG is not completed and we have to seek another target company, this could increase the cost of our initial business combination and, could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, including the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the resulting sanctions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these trends will not continue. The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. If we are unable to complete the Business Combination with MNG, we may seek acquisition opportunities with an early stage company, a private company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors relevant to such acquisition and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We may also seek to complete our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. We may not obtain an opinion from an independent valuation provider, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, as is the case with our Proposed Business Combination with MNG, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Resources have, in the past, and could, in the future, be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. The investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments requires substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event has, in the past, and will, if it occurs in the future, result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors in this section. We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. We may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and 
 23 

Table of Contents 

other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. We may complete our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete the Proposed Business Combination with MNG, we may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we are unable to complete the Proposed Business Combination with MNG, and determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. If we are unable to complete the Proposed Business Combination with MNG, we may structure our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own or acquire shares will own less than 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in our initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target, or issue a substantial number of new shares to third-parties in connection with financing our initial business combination. In such cases, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. We cannot assure you that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our initial stockholders, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. In order to complete our initial business combination, we may seek to amend our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or other governing instruments, including our warrant agreement, in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination but that our stockholders or warrant holders may not support. In order to complete a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. In connection with the Proposed Business Combination with MNG, we intend to amend and restate the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or other governing instruments, including to extend the time we have to consummate an initial business combination in order to complete our initial business combination. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

The provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of at least 65 of our outstanding common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may not support. Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s pre-business combination activity, without approval by holders of a certain percentage of the company s stockholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by holders holding between 90 and 100 of the company s public shares. Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. We may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof, prior to our initial business combination, to (1) receive funds from the trust account or (2) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. Our initial stockholders currently own 67.2 of our common stock, may participate in any vote to amend our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we are able to amend the provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation which will govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete our initial business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to letter agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. Our stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our initial stockholders, officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our public stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment, including due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders and not previously released to us to pay our taxes on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, we cannot incur any indebtedness (other than any Working Capital Loan, however, the aggregate amount of all Working Capital Loans shall not exceed 2,000,000) unless we receive approval from MNG. The failure to secure additional financing, including as a result of failure to obtain MNG s approval if needed, could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. Our initial stockholders may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Our initial stockholders currently own shares representing 67.2 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial stockholders purchase any additional shares of common stock in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which generally serves for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our initial stockholders, because of their ownership position, will be able to influence the outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our business combination. A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. If: 

we issue additional shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and 

the Market Value is below 9.20 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), then the exercise price of each warrant will be adjusted such that the effective exercise price per full share will be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 and 18.00 per-share redemption trigger prices will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 100 and 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, respectively. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and other events, and the status of debt and equity markets. The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) could adversely affect, the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 (including variant mutations of the virus) and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, such as the proposed business combination with MNG, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent upon its ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by negative impacts on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia and subsequent sanctions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities. United States and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia in February 2022. In response to such invasion, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain countries, including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine during the ongoing military conflict, increasing geopolitical tensions with Russia. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict in Ukraine is highly unpredictable, the conflict could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions. Additionally, Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets. Any of the abovementioned factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine and subsequent sanctions, could adversely affect our search for a business combination, particularly in Europe since that region includes Russia, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, although we are not seeking a target business in Russia. The extent and duration of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, resulting sanctions and any related market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial, particularly if current or new sanctions continue for an extended period of time or if geopolitical tensions result in expanded military operations on a global scale. Any such disruptions may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities, cross-border transactions or our ability to raise equity or debt financing in connection with any particular business combination. If these disruptions or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include target historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, GAAP or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with PCAOB standards. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel, which may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders. Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. This choice of forum provision may make it more costly, or limit a stockholder s ability, to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers or employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. We cannot be certain that a court will decide that this provision is either applicable or enforceable, and if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to actions brought under the Securities Act, or the rules and regulations thereunder. If we complete our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, such as MNG, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we complete our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

higher costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with different commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems and unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

longer payment cycles and challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

regime changes and political upheaval; 

corruption, crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars, such as the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia; 

deterioration of political relations with the United States; and 

government appropriation of assets. We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

If we effect a business combination with a company located outside of the United States such as MNG, the laws applicable to such company will likely govern all of our material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. If we effect a business combination with a company located outside of the United States, the laws of the country in which such company operates will likely govern almost all of the material agreements relating to its operations. We cannot assure you that the target business will be able to enforce any of its material agreements or that remedies will be available in this new jurisdiction. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, as may be the case with MNG, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. Following our initial business combination, any or all of our management could resign from their positions as officers of the post-business combination company, and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination could remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with U.S. securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. Risks Relating to Our Securities The NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. Our securities have been listed on the NYSE. We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on the NYSE in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the NYSE prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum market capitalization (generally 50,000,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the NYSE s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the NYSE s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the NYSE. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, our global market capitalization would be required to be at least 200 million, the aggregate market value of our publicly-held shares would be required to be at least 40 million and we would be required to have a minimum of 400 round lot holders and 1,100,000 publicly held shares. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. If the NYSE delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list such securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading 

in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our securities are listed on the NYSE, our securities are covered securities under such statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the NYSE, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under such statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering (the Excess Shares ), without our prior consent. However, our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation does not restrict our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. We have not registered the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. We have not registered the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our reasonable best efforts to file, and within 60 business days following our initial business combination to have declared effective, a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. We will use our reasonable best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis in which case the number of shares of our Class A common stock that you will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum number of shares equal to 0.361 shares of our Class A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment). However, no such warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will be required to use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the shares of Class A common stock included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of units sold in our initial public offering. In such an instance, our sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors, members of our strategic advisory group and executive officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the common stock underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying common stock. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying shares of Class A common stock for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. Our ability to require holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis after we call the warrants for redemption or if there is no effective registration statement covering the shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants will cause holders to receive fewer shares of our Class A common stock upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to pay the exercise price of their warrants in cash. If we call the warrants for redemption, we will have the option, in our sole discretion, to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis under certain circumstances. If we choose to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis or if holders elect to do so when there is no effective registration statement, the number of shares of our Class A common stock received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his or her warrant for cash. For example, if the holder is exercising 875 public warrants at 11.50 per share through a cashless exercise when the shares of our Class A common stock have a fair market value of 17.50 per share when there is no effective registration statement, then upon the cashless exercise, the holder will receive 300 shares of our Class A common stock. The holder would have received 875 shares of our Class A common stock if the exercise price was paid in cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of shares of our Class A common stock upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the shares of our Class A common stock, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time. In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the shares of our Class A common stock. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving company will be required to use reasonable best efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within fifteen business days of the closing of an initial business combination. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. Pursuant to a registration rights agreement, our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of their founder shares, after those shares convert to shares of our Class A common stock. In addition, holders of our private placement warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the private placement warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register the resale of such warrants or the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the common stock owned by our initial stockholders, holders of our private placement warrants or holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered for resale. We may issue additional shares of our Class A common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the antidilution provisions contained in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 200,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. As of March 27, 2023, there were 195,791,421 and 11,375,000 authorized and unissued shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, respectively, which amount does not take into account the shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of any outstanding warrants or the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of Class B common stock. As of March 27, 2023, there are no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Shares of Class B common stock are convertible into shares of our Class A common stock initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein, including in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A common stock or equity-linked securities related to our initial business combination. We may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination (including pursuant to a specified future issuance) or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock to redeem the warrants or upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the antidilution provisions contained in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. Our Class B common stock shall only be convertible at the time of our initial business combination. However, our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof, to (1) receive funds from the trust account or (2) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. The restriction on issuing additional shares of capital stock described in the prior sentence will expire upon consummation of our initial business combination. The issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our initial public offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B common stock resulted in the issuance of Class A shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of our common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; 

could cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or warrants; and 

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Unlike some other similarly structured blank check companies, our initial stockholders will receive additional shares of our Class A common stock if we issue shares to complete an initial business combination. The founder shares will automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as described herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in our initial public offering and related to the closing of our initial business combination, including pursuant to a specified future issuance, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance, including pursuant to a specified future issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of our initial public offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued or issuable to any seller in the initial business combination). This is different than other similarly structured blank check companies in which the initial stockholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to the initial business combination. We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period commencing once the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders and provided certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the public warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us, except under certain circumstances, so long as they are held by our sponsor and its permitted transferees. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

In addition, unlike many other similarly structured blank check companies, we have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants 90 days after they become exercisable for 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A common stock determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A common stock and provided certain other conditions are met. We would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay fair market value to the warrant holders. Any such redemption may have similar consequences to the redemption described in the above paragraph. In addition, such redemption may occur at a time when the warrants are out-of-the-money, in which case you would lose any potential embedded value from a subsequent increase in the value of the Class A common stock had your warrants remained outstanding. Finally, this redemption feature provides a ceiling to the value of your warrants since it locks in the redemption price in the number of Class A common stock to be received if we choose to redeem the warrants for common stock. This redemption feature may cause our warrants to be worth less than other blank check companies which do not have this feature. Our warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination. As of March 27, 2023, the total number of warrants outstanding is 2,104,290. Simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, we issued private placement warrants to purchase an aggregate of 8,900,000 shares of Class A common stock. Our initial stockholders currently own an aggregate of 8,625,000 founder shares. The founder shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as set forth herein. In addition, if our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates makes any working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. To the extent we issue shares of Class A common stock to complete a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants and conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and reduce the value of the shares of Class A common stock issued to complete the business combination. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares may make it more difficult to complete a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. The private placement warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering except that, so long as they are held by our sponsor and its permitted transferees, (i) they will not be redeemable by us, except under certain circumstances, (ii) they (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, (iii) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) the holders thereof (including with respect to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) are entitled to registration rights. The private placement warrants will not vote on any amendments to the warrant agreement. A market for our securities may not be sustained, which, along with other factors, would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. The price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and resulting sanctions, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases). An active trading market for our securities may not be sustained. Additionally, if our securities become delisted from the NYSE for any reason, and are quoted on the OTC Pink Sheets, an inter-dealer automated quotation system for equity securities not listed on a national exchange, the liquidity and price of our securities may be more limited than if we were listed on the NYSE or another national exchange. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be sustained. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Provisions in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A common stock and could entrench management. Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. For example, if we hold a stockholder meeting to approve a transaction, we may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (a) the completion of our initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of Class A common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date or (ii) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (c) the redemption of our public shares if we have not completed our initial business combination by the Extended Date, subject to applicable law. Stockholders who do not exercise their rights to the funds in connection with an amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation would still have rights to the funds in connection with a subsequent business combination. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our security holders are not entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we had net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the completion of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, our security holders are not afforded the benefits or protections of those 
 37 

Table of Contents 

rules. Among other things, this means our units were immediately tradable upon consummation of our initial public offering and we have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, offerings subject to Rule 419 would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, if we are unable to complete the Proposed Business Combination with MNG and have to seek another target, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on our redemption of our public shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. If we are unable to complete the Proposed Business Combination with MNG and have to seek another target, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, because we are obligated to pay cash for the shares of Class A common stock which our public stockholders redeem in connection with our initial business combination, target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Additionally, our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by target businesses. This may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating and completing an initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors in this section. Our warrants and convertible promissory note are accounted for as liabilities and the changes in value of our warrants and convertible promissory note could have a material effect on our financial results. On April 12, 2021, staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC Staff issued a public statement entitled Staff Statement on Accounting and Reporting Considerations for Warrants issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies SPACs (the SEC Staff Statement ), wherein the SEC Staff expressed its view that certain terms and conditions common to SPAC warrants may require the warrants to be classified as liabilities on the SPAC s balance sheet as opposed to being treated as equity. Specifically, the SEC Staff Statement focused on certain settlement terms and provisions related to certain tender offers following a business combination, which terms are similar to those contained in the warrant agreement governing our warrants. As a result of the SEC Staff Statement, we reevaluated the accounting treatment of our warrants, and pursuant to the guidance in ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ), determined the warrants should be classified as derivative liabilities measured at fair value on our balance sheet, with any changes in fair value to be reported each period in earnings on our statement of operations. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

As a result of the recurring fair value measurement, our financial statements may fluctuate quarterly, based on factors which are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on our warrants and convertible promissory note each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021 which has not been remediated as of December 31, 2022. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. Our management concluded that we identified material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, related to our accounting for complex financial instruments, as previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and subsequently filed quarterly reports. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and corrected on a timely basis. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. We continue to evaluate steps to remediate the material weaknesses. These remediation measures may be time consuming and costly and there is no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. If we identify any new material weaknesses in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. We, and following our initial business combination, the post-business combination company, may face litigation and other risks as a result of the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. We identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. As a result of such material weaknesses, restatements, the change in accounting for our warrants, the change in classification of redeemable public shares, and other matters raised or that may in the future be raised by the SEC, we face potential for litigation or other disputes which may include, among others, claims invoking the federal and state securities laws, contractual claims or other claims arising from the restatements and material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements. As of the date of this Annual Report, we have no knowledge of any such litigation or dispute. However, we can provide no assurance that such litigation or dispute will not arise in the future. Any such litigation or dispute, whether successful or not, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition or our ability to complete a business combination. Risks Relating to Our Management Team Past performance by our management team, members of our strategic advisory group and their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, our management team, our strategic advisory group and their respective affiliates is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance by our management team, our strategic advisory group and their respective affiliates is not a guarantee either (i) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (ii) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. Our officers and directors have not had management experience with special purpose acquisition corporations in the past. You should not rely on the historical performance of our management team, strategic advisory group and their respective affiliates as an indication of the future performance of an investment in our company or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. In addition, an investment in our company is not an investment in any other entities affiliated with our management team or our strategic advisory group. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we complete an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. Members of our management team may in the future be involved in governmental investigations and civil litigation relating to the business affairs of companies with which they are, were, or may in the future be, affiliated. This may negatively affect our ability to consummate an initial business combination. Members of our management team may in the future be involved in governmental investigations and civil litigation relating to the business affairs of companies with which they are, were or may in the future be affiliated with. Any such investigations or litigations may divert our management team s attention and resources away from searching for an initial business combination, may be detrimental to our reputation, and thus may negatively affect our ability to complete an initial business combination. We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. If we are unable to complete the Proposed Business Combination with MNG, we will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors relevant to such acquisition. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in our initial public offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Annual Report regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors relevant to such acquisition. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain a stockholder or warrant holder following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such security holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Our ability to successfully complete our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of members of our management team, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of such people could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully complete our business combination is dependent upon the efforts of members of our management team. The role of members of our management team in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some members of our management team may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

In addition, the officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a target business s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Members of our management team may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Members of our management team may be able to remain with the company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any members of our management team will remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that any members of our management team will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any members of our management team will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may complete our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain a stockholder or warrant holder following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such security holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a target business s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Our officers and directors may allocate their time to other businesses, thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses, including other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Our independent directors also serve as officers or board members for other entities. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs, which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those conducted by us (and they may also become an officer or director of any other special purpose acquisition company) and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Until we consummate our initial business combination, we have engaged and will continue to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses or entities. Our initial stockholders and officers and directors are, and may in the future become, affiliated with entities (such as operating companies or investment vehicles) that are engaged in a similar business, although our officers may not become an officer or director of any other special purpose acquisition company that has publicly filed a registration statement with the SEC until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date. Our officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities in the future to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our initial stockholders, directors or officers, or any of their affiliates although we do not currently intend to do so, or we may acquire a target business through an Affiliated Joint Acquisition. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. Despite our agreement that, in the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company business that is affiliated with our initial stockholders, officers or directors, or any of their affiliates, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to us from a financial point of view, potential conflicts of interest still may exist. As a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our company and our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Since our initial stockholders, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for our initial business combination. Our initial stockholders, including our officers and directors, acquired 7,187,500 founder shares in exchange for a capital contribution of 25,000. In December 2020, we effected a dividend, resulting in our initial stockholders holding an aggregate of 8,625,000 founder shares. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor purchased 8,900,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable for one share of our Class A common stock at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, for a 
 42 

Table of Contents 

purchase price of 8,900,000, or 1.00 per warrant, that will also be worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination within the allocated time period. In addition, we may obtain loans from our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. On September 2, 2020, we issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which we may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 200,000. The outstanding balance under the unsecured promissory note of 177,225 was repaid after the closing of the Initial Public Offering prior to December 31, 2020. On September 13, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan us an aggregate of up to 1,000,000 pursuant to the convertible promissory note. We did not consider these notes as part of the Sponsor s investment in the Company as these are strictly working capital loans. The shares beneficially owned by our sponsor, our officers and directors will not participate in liquidation distributions and, therefore, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into respective letter agreements with us, pursuant to which our sponsor has agreed to waive its redemption rights with respect to its founder shares, and our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any public shares they may acquire, in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Our sponsor has also waived its right to receive distributions with respect to its founder shares upon our liquidation if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination. Accordingly, the founder shares will be worthless if we do not consummate our initial business combination. The private placement warrants and any other warrants they acquire will also be worthless if we do not consummate an initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of our sponsor, officers and directors may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders best interest. Risks Relating to the Trust Account If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share. Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we have sought and will continue to seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential target businesses that we might pursue. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not completed our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.00 per share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or by a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor, which is a newly formed entity, has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. Therefore, we believe it is unlikely our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per public share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Our independent directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If we instruct the trustee to liquidate the securities held in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in cash in order to seek to mitigate the risk that we could be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the trust account, which would reduce the dollar amount the Public Stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. The funds in the trust account have, since our IPO, been held only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. However, to mitigate the risk of us being deemed to be an unregistered investment company (including under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act) and thus subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, we may, at any time, instruct the trustee with respect to the trust account to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds held in the trust account and thereafter to hold all funds in the trust account in cash until the earlier of consummation of an initial business combination or liquidation of the Company. Following such liquidation of the securities held in the trust account, we would likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the trust account. However, interest previously earned on the funds held in the trust account still may be released to us to pay our taxes, if any, and certain other expenses as permitted. As a result, any decision to liquidate the securities held in the trust account and thereafter to hold all funds in the trust account in cash would reduce the dollar amount the Public Stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. As of December 23, 2022, a majority of the funds in the trust account were removed in order to pay redemptions to such participating stockholders. The remainder of the amount in the trust account was removed and deposited into the trustee s holding cash operating account. As of December 31, 2022, the funds remained in the operating account and were subsequently reinvested in U.S. government treasury obligations on January 5, 2023. The longer that the funds in the trust account are held in short-term U.S. government treasury obligations or in money market funds invested exclusively in such securities, the greater the risk that we may be considered an unregistered investment company, in which case we may be required to liquidate the Company. Accordingly, we may determine, in our discretion, to liquidate the securities held in the trust account at any time and instead hold all funds in the trust account in cash, which would further reduce the dollar amount the public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. As of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, we are currently holding the funds in our trust account in U.S. government treasury obligations. Risks Relating to Taxation An investment in our securities may result in uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. The U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of the warrants included in the units issued in our initial public offering are unclear under current law, and the adjustment to the exercise price and/or redemption price of the warrants could give rise to dividend income to investors without a corresponding payment of cash. In addition, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to our shares of common stock suspend the running of a U.S. holder s holding period for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of common stock is long-term capital gain or loss and for determining whether any dividend we pay would be considered qualified dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

We may be subject to an increased rate of tax on our income if we are treated as a personal holding company. Depending on the date and size of our initial business combination, it is possible that we could be treated as a personal holding company for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A U.S. corporation generally will be classified as a personal holding company for U.S. federal income tax purposes in a given taxable year if more than 50 of its ownership (by value) is concentrated, within a certain period of time, in five or fewer individuals (without regard to their citizenship or residency and including as individuals for this purpose certain entities such as certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds, and charitable trusts), and at least 60 of its income is comprised of certain passive items. A new 1 U.S. federal excise tax could be imposed on us in connection with redemptions by us of our shares. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA was signed into U.S. federal law. The IRA provides for, among other things, a new 1 U.S. federal excise tax on certain repurchases (including certain redemptions) of stock by publicly traded U.S. corporations and certain U.S. subsidiaries of publicly traded non-U.S. corporations (each, a covered corporation ). The excise tax will apply to stock repurchases occurring in 2023 and beyond. It is currently expected that we (whose securities are trading on NYSE) are a covered corporation for this purpose. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. The U.S. Department of the Treasury has authority to provide excise tax regulations and other guidance to carry out, and prevent the abuse or avoidance of, the excise tax. On December 27, 2022, the U.S. Department of the Treasury issued a notice that provides interim operating rules for the excise tax, including rules governing the calculation and reporting of the excise tax, on which taxpayers may rely until the forthcoming proposed Treasury regulations addressing the excise tax are published. Although such notice clarifies certain aspects of the excise tax, the interpretation and operation of other aspects of the excise tax remain unclear, and such interim operating rules are subject to change. The extent of the excise tax that may be incurred in connection with a redemption of Class A common stock would depend on a number of factors, including (i) whether the redemption is treated as a repurchase of stock for purposes of the excise tax, (ii) the fair market value of the redemption treated as a repurchase of stock in connection with a business combination, (iii) the nature and amount of the equity issued, if any, by us in connection with the a business combination, and (iv) the content of forthcoming regulations and other guidance from the U.S. Department of the Treasury. As noted above, the excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not the stockholders from which stock is repurchased, and only limited guidance on the mechanics of any required reporting and payment of the excise tax on which taxpayers may rely have been issued to date. The imposition of the excise tax could reduce the amount of cash available to us for effecting the redemptions of Class A common stock, and could reduce the cash on hand for golden falcon to fund operations and to make distributions to stockholders. General Risk Factors Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules that would, among other items, impose additional disclosure requirements in business combination transactions involving SPACs and private operating companies; amend the financial statement requirements applicable to business combination transactions involving such companies; update and expand guidance regarding the general use of projections in SEC filings, as well as when projections are disclosed in connection with proposed business combination transactions; increase the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and impact the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may materially adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of any second quarter of a fiscal year, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the end of such fiscal year. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES We currently maintain our executive offices at 850 Library Avenue, Suite 204, Newark, Delaware 19711. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Our equity securities trade on the NYSE. Each of our units consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant and, commencing on December 18, 2020, trades on the NYSE under the symbol GFX.U. The Class A common stock and warrants underlying our units began trading separately on the NYSE under the symbols GFX and GFX WS, respectively, on February 8, 2021. Holders of Record On March 27, 2023, there were approximately 1 holder of record of our units, 1 holder of record of our Class A common stock, 6 holders of record of our Class B common stock and 2 holders of record of our warrants. Such numbers do not include beneficial owners holding our securities through nominee names. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our Class A common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Use of Proceeds from our Initial Public Offering On December 22, 2020, we consummated our initial public offering of 34,500,000 Units, including the issuance of 4,500,000 Units as a result of the exercise in full of the underwriters over-allotment option, at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 345,000,000. The securities sold in our initial public offering were registered under the Securities Act on registration statements on Form S-1 (Nos. 333-251058 and 333-251448). The registration statements became effective on December 17, 2020. ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 49 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The statements in the discussion and analysis regarding industry outlook, our expectations regarding the performance of our business and the forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties described in Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statements. You should read the following discussion together with the sections entitled Risk Factors , Business , the audited financial statements, including the related notes, appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report, and the preliminary prospectus/proxy statement to be included in a Registration Statement on Form F-4 that MNG will file with the SEC relating to the proposed business combination with MNG. All references to years, unless otherwise noted, refer to our fiscal years, which end on December 31. Overview We are a Delaware corporation structured as a blank check company formed on August 24, 2020, for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. We intend to effectuate our business combination using cash from the proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial business combination will be successful. On December 20, 2022, we held a special meeting at which our stockholders approved the Charter Amendment and the Trust Amendment. The Charter Amendment and the Trust Amendment extend the date by which we must consummate our initial business combination to the Extended Date. In connection with the stockholder vote to approve the Extension, the holders of 30,291,421 shares of Class A Common Stock properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.11 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 306.3 million, leaving approximately 42.6 million in the trust account immediately following the redemptions. Proposed Business Combination On December 6, 2022, we entered into the Business Combination Agreement with MNG, HoldCo, IntermediateCo, FinCo, and Merger Sub. If the Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby are adopted and approved by our stockholders, and the Business Combination is subsequently completed, Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving company after the Merger, as a result of which the Company will become an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of MNG. The Proposed Business Combination and the Business Combination Agreement are more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report. Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the initial public offering, described below, and, after our initial public offering, identifying a target company for a business combination and, after signing the Business Combination Agreement, completing the Proposed Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our business combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the trust account, along with non-operating income or expense related to the change in fair value of the warrant liabilities and the Sponsor Convertible Promissory Note. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 13,802,503, which consists of interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account of 4,759,341, interest earned on the operating bank account of 15, partial reversal of transaction costs incurred in connection with IPO of 350,123, and change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 12,536,310, partially offset by formation and operational costs of 2,893,920, change in fair value of convertible promissory note related party of 11,080, unrealized loss on marketable securities held in the trust account of 122, and provision for income taxes of 938,164. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had a net income of 19,323,177, which consists of interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account of 155,704, unrealized gain on marketable securities held in the trust account of 5,765, change in fair value of convertible promissory note related party of 60,511 and change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 20,935,690, partially offset by formation and operational costs of 1,834,493. Liquidity and Capital Resources On December 22, 2020, we consummated the initial public offering of 34,500,000 units, at 10.00 per unit, which included the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 4,500,000 units, generating gross proceeds of 345,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering and the full over-allotment option, we consummated the sale of 8,900,000 private placement warrants to the sponsor at a price of 1.00 per warrant, generating gross proceeds of 8,900,000. Following the initial public offering, the full exercise of the over-allotment option, and the sale of the private placement warrants, a total of 345,000,000 was placed in the trust account. Transaction costs amounted to 19,455,706, consisting of 6,900,000 of underwriting fees, net of reimbursement, 12,075,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 480,706 of other offering costs. On December 6, 2022, the Representatives in our initial public offering, agreed, on behalf of the underwriters, to a reduction of their deferred underwriting fee of up to 0.35 per unit. Pursuant to an amendment to the underwriting agreement, the deferred underwriting fee from any remaining funds on deposit in the trust account and/or any other funds available in connection with the Business Combination, which will be payable at closing of the Business Combination is as follows: (i) 5,000,000 of the deferred underwriting fee (the Minimum Deferred Underwriting Fee will be due and payable in cash to the underwriters, upon the closing of the Business Combination irrespective of the amount of Available Cash (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement); (ii) if the Available Cash is equal to or greater than 30.0 million and up to 100.0 million, an additional amount equal to up to 4.0 million of the deferred underwriting fee will be due and payable in cash to the underwriters upon the closing of the Business Combination, which additional amount will be linearly determined in relation to the amount of the Available Cash and will be at least 0 and up to 4.0 million; and (iii) if the Available Cash is equal to or greater than 100.0 million and up to 345.0 million, an additional amount of up to 3,075,000 of the deferred underwriting fee will be due and payable in cash to the underwriters upon the closing of the Business Combination, which additional amount will be linearly determined in relation to the amount of the Available Cash and will be at least 0 and up to 3,075,000 (such additional amounts in clauses (ii) and (iii) being referred to herein as an Incremental Deferred Underwriting Commission, and together with the Minimum Deferred Underwriting Fee, the Deferred Underwriting Fee ). As a result of the amendment, the reduction in deferred fees was split on a pro rata basis between additional paid-in capital and other income based upon the original amount of the deferred underwriting fee s allocation to the liability-classified instruments in the initial public offering. Therefore, the deferred underwriting fee was reduced by 6,365,867, of which 350,123 is shown in the condensed statement of operations as the partial reversal of transaction costs incurred in connection with IPO and 6,015,744 is charged to additional paid-in capital in the statement of stockholders deficit. As a result of the reduction, the outstanding deferred underwriting fee payable was reduced to 5,709,133. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 1,445,811. Net income of 13,802,503 was affected by the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 12,536,310, partial reversal of transaction costs incurred in connection with IPO of 350,123, change in fair value of convertible promissory note related party of 11,080, interest earned on marketable securities held in trust account of 4,759,341 and an unrealized gain on marketable securities held in trust account of 122. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 2,386,258 of cash from operating activities primarily due to a decrease in prepaid expenses and an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses and income taxes payable. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 1,299,101. Net income of 19,323,177 was affected by the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 20,935,690, change in fair value of convertible promissory note related party of 60,511, interest earned on marketable securities held in trust account of 155,704 and an unrealized gain on marketable securities held in trust account of 5,765. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 535,392 of cash from operating activities. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in financing activities was 305,909,116 as a result of the drawdowns on the Sponsor Convertible Promissory Note (defined below) and redemption of Class A common stock in connection with the Extension vote. For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 320,111 as a result of the drawdowns on the Sponsor Convertible Promissory Note. At December 31, 2022 we had cash held in the trust account of 42,563,076. Interest income on the balance in the trust account may be used by us to pay taxes. As of December 31, 2022, net cash provided by investing activities was 307,366,982 as a result of permitted withdrawals of interest earned on the trust account to pay our franchise and income taxes and the redemption of Class A common stock amounting to 306,349,500 in connection with the Extension vote. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less deferred underwriting commissions, franchise taxes, and income taxes payable), to complete our business combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. At December 31, 2022, we had cash of 23,935 outside of the trust account, accounts payable and accrued expenses of 2,176,154, and income taxes payable of 365,164. We intend to use the funds held outside the trust account in addition to the remaining amount unborrowed on the Sponsor Convertible Promissory Note of 239,505 primarily to complete a business combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the sponsor or an affiliate of the sponsor or certain of our directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, lend us funds as may be required. If we complete a business combination, we would repay such lent amounts. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such lent amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. On September 13, 2021, our sponsor agreed to lend us an aggregate of up to 1,000,000 pursuant to a convertible promissory note for working capital purposes (the Sponsor Convertible Promissory Note ). At December 31, 2022, there was 760,495 of cumulative cash advanced under the Sponsor Convertible Promissory Note. The Sponsor Convertible Promissory Note was valued using the fair value method. The change in the fair value of the note recorded in the statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 11,080, resulting in a fair value of the Sponsor Convertible Promissory Note of 482,600. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the change in fair value of the note recorded in the statements of operations was 60,511, resulting in a fair value of the Sponsor Convertible Promissory Note of 259,600. Going Concern As of December 31, 2022, we had 23,935 in our operating bank account, 42,563,076 in cash held in the trust account to be used for a business combination, or to repurchase or redeem our stock in connection therewith, and a working capital deficit of 2,020,661, which excludes the permitted withdrawal should we elect to withdraw from the trust account for franchise taxes payable of 40,050 or income taxes payable of 365,164. As of December 31, 2022, 3,912,576 of the amount on deposit in the trust account represented interest income, 122 of which was recorded as an unrealized loss. Interest income earned on the trust account is available to pay our tax obligations. Through December 31, 2022, 1,017,481 was withdrawn from the trust account to pay our tax obligations. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

We may raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from the sponsor or an affiliate of the sponsor or certain of our directors and officers. The sponsor may but is not obligated to (except as described below), lend the Company funds, from time to time in whatever amounts it deems reasonable in its sole discretion, to meet our working capital needs. As discussed above, on September 13, 2021, the sponsor agreed to lend us up to an aggregate of 1,000,000 for working capital purposes pursuant to the Sponsor Convertible Promissory Note. We had drawn an aggregate of 760,495 under the convertible promissory note as of December 31, 2022, which includes drawdowns of 120,000 on September 13, 2021, 114,311 on October 5, 2021, 70,800 on October 26, 2021, 15,000 on November 29, 2021, 150,000 on January 31, 2022, 150,000 on March 31, 2022, 27,384 on November 9, 2022, and 113,000 on December 27, 2022. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional financing prior to completing a business combination, however. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation of our business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our business combination. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of the Business Combination and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with ASC Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, we have until June 22, 2023, or such earlier date as determined by our board of directors, to consummate a business combination. If a business combination is not consummated by June 22, 2023, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company after June 22, 2023. Although we intend to consummate a business combination on or before June 22, 2023, it is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a business combination by June 22, 2023. This, as well as our liquidity condition, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after June 22, 2023. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a monthly fee of 10,000 for certain administrative, research, transaction and other support services. We began incurring these fees on December 22, 2020 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the business combination and our liquidation. In addition, for the year ended December 31, 2022, we reimbursed such affiliate of the Sponsor for certain costs incurred on our behalf in the amount of 120,000 which is included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statement of operations. The underwriters are entitled to the Deferred Underwriting Fee. The Deferred Underwriting Fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the trust account solely in the event that we complete a business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement, as amended. We entered into an amendment to the underwriting agreement that reduced the total deferred underwriting fee as of December 31, 2022 (See Note 6). 
 53 

Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Policies We prepare our financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of financial statements also requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, costs and expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by our management. Our critical accounting policies are presented below: Warrant Liabilities and Convertible Note Related Party We account for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to our own Class A common stock, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. The Company accounts for its Sponsor Convertible Promissory Note under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). Under 815-15-25, the election can be at the inception of a financial instrument to account for the instrument under the fair value option under ASC 825. The Company has made such election for its Sponsor Convertible Promissory Note. Using fair value option, the Sponsor Convertible Promissory Note is required to be recorded at its initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value of the note are recognized as non-cash change in the fair value of the Sponsor Convertible Promissory Note in the statements of operations. The fair value of the option to convert into private placement warrants was valued utilizing the closed-form model. For issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption We account for our shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Shares of Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, all of the Class A common stock subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of our balance sheets. Net Income (Loss) per Common Share We comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. Net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. We apply the two-class method in calculating income (loss) per common share. Re-measurement associated with the redeemable shares of Class A common stock is excluded from income (loss) per common share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

The calculation of diluted income (loss) per common share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the (i) initial public offering, and (ii) the private placement since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events, and (iii) any warrants that could be acquired through conversion of convertible debt. As of December 31, 2022, there are currently 4,208,579 shares of Class A common stock in the aggregate which does not include the warrants that could be issued as a result of the conversion option in the Sponsor Convertible Promissory Note. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per common share is the same as basic net income (loss) per common share for the periods presented. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Not required for smaller reporting companies. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA This information appears following Item 15 of this Annual Report and is included herein by reference. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In connection with the preparation of this Annual Report, as of December 31, 2022, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on such evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective, due solely to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting related to our accounting for complex financial instruments previously originally disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and within our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, and for performing an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our system of internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of our company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

Management performed an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based upon criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on our assessment and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, due to the previously disclosed material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to our accounting for complex financial instruments. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Directors and Executive Officers Our current directors and executive officers are listed below. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Makram Azar 
 
 55 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Scott J. Freidheim 
 
 57 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Eli Muraidekh 
 
 54 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Xavier Rolet, KBE 
 
 63 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Dominique D Hinnin 
 
 63 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 I. Martin Pompadur 
 
 87 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Isabelle Amiel Azoulai 
 
 46 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Mikael Breuer-Weil 
 
 58 
 
 Independent Director 
 Makram Azar has served as our Chief Executive Officer and as a member of our board of directors since our inception. Mr. Azar is Chief Executive Officer and director of Full Circle Capital Limited, a private investment and advisory group, which he founded in January 2019. Since May 2019, Mr. Azar has also served as Chief Executive Officer and director of Full Circle Capital, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Full Circle Capital Limited. Previously, from 2010 to January 2019, he was at Barclays Bank PLC, where among other roles, he served as Chairman of Banking EMEA and Chairman of Barclays Bank PLC, MENA. Since January 2019, he has continued his relationship with Barclays Bank PLC, serving as Senior Advisor. Before this, Mr. Azar served as Managing Director and Head of MENA at KKR from 2008 to 2010. Prior to joining KKR, Mr. Azar had spent 18 years at Lehman Brothers, latterly as Global Head of Sovereign Wealth Funds and Chairman of Media Investment Banking EMEA. Previously he led the Media, Consumer Retail Investment Banking businesses of Lehman Brothers in EMEA. Mr. Azar has completed a very large number of M A, equity capital markets, debt capital markets and private equity deals with an aggregate value in excess of 350 billion, across a broad spectrum of geographies and industries, including telecoms, media, technology, consumer, sustainable energy, retail, hospitality, financial services, industrials and real estate. His clients have included some of the largest institutional investors, multinational corporations, sovereign wealth funds and governments. Mr. Azar holds a BA in Applied Economics from the University Paris-IX Dauphine and a Master s degree in Management and Finance from cole des Hautes tudes Commerciales (HEC) in Paris. Scott J. Freidheim has served as Chairman of our board of directors since our inception. Since October 2016, Mr. Freidheim has served as Founder and Managing Partner of Freidheim Capital LLC, an investment family office. Previously, Mr. Freidheim served as Co-Chairman of the board of ettain group, a talent solutions company based in Charlotte, North Carolina, and Chief Executive Officer and director of CDI Corp., a publicly traded staffing and engineering company. Mr. Freidheim has served on senior leadership teams across multiple industries including financial services, mass merchandising, brand management and private equity. From 2011 to 2014, he served as Chief Executive Officer of Investcorp International, an alternative investment firm in London. From 2010 to 2011, he served as Executive Vice President and President of Kenmore Craftsman Diehard for Sears Holdings Corporation Sears ). Prior to that, from 2009 to 2010, he served as Executive Vice President, Operating Support Businesses at Sears. From 1991 to 2008, Mr. Freidheim served in several roles at Lehman Brothers, the most recent of which was Chief Administrative Officer and Executive Vice President. In addition, he currently serves, or has served, on several boards, including N+W Global Vending (Milan, Italy), Icopal (Herlev, Denmark), GL Education (London, England) and Lands End (Dodgeville, WI, USA). Mr. Freidheim currently serves, or has served, on a number of not-for-profit boards. In 2005, he was named a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum and was a member of the WEF s inaugural Global Agenda Council. Mr. Freidheim holds a BA from Northwestern University and a Master s degree in Management with concentration in Finance from Northwestern s Kellogg School of Management. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

Eli Muraidekh has served as our Chief Financial Officer and as a member of our board of directors since our inception. Since 2014, Mr. Muraidekh has served as the Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer, and as a director, of Telamon Capital LLP. Prior to this, from 2009 to 2014, Mr. Muraidekh served as Executive Board Director, Investment Committee Member and Investment Director at Windmill Hill Asset Management, a financial services company. While there, Mr. Muraidekh managed the assets of the philanthropic foundations of Lord Jacob Rothschild totaling over 2.0 billion. He invested across multiple asset classes globally, ranking the endowment in the top five percentile of over 400 endowments tracked by Cambridge Associates. Previously, Mr. Muraidekh was Executive Director of the Value Recovery Fund at Blue Bay Asset Management. Prior to that, Mr. Muraidekh was Co-Founder of Elwin Capital Partners and Executive Director at Goldman Sachs. Mr. Muraidekh has also worked at McKinsey in London and Morgan Stanley in New York. Mr. Muraidekh holds a BA in Economics summa cum laude from Yale University, where he graduated first in his class, and an MBA with distinction from the Harvard Business School. Xavier Rolet, KBE has served on our board of directors as an independent director since the closing of our initial public offering. From January 2019 to January 2020, Mr. Rolet served as Chief Executive Officer of CQS, a global hedge fund. Previously, from 2009 to 2018, Mr. Rolet was the Chief Executive Officer of the London Stock Exchange LSE ). Mr. Rolet was named as one of the 100 Best CEOs in the World in the 2017 Harvard Business Review. In his decade at the helm of the LSE, the LSE s market valuation rose from 800 million to more than 15 billion. He is currently the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of World Quantum Growth Acquisition Corp., a member of the Board of Overseers of Columbia Business School, a member of the Board of Directors of the Saudi Stock Exchange (Tadawul), an External Director Portfolio Companies of the Public Investment Fund (PIF), an Expert Adviser to the Shanghai Institute of Finance for the Real Economy (SIFRE), a Member of the Senior Advisory Board at Towerbrook Capital Partners LP, and a Founder and Director of a number of other privately held companies. He has held various senior positions in the financial services industry throughout his career, including Chief Executive Officer of Banque Lehman Brothers in Paris; co-head of Global Equity Derivatives Trading at Lehman Brothers New York; Global Head of Risk and Trading at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein; Vice-President, International Equity Risk Arbitrage at Goldman Sachs New York; and co-Head of European Equities Sales and Trading at Goldman Sachs International Ltd. in London. Mr. Rolet holds an MSc in management science and finance from the KEDGE Business School, an MBA from Columbia Business School and a post-graduate degree from Paris-based IHEDN (Institute of Advanced Studies in National Defense). Dominique D Hinnin has served on our board of directors as an independent director since the closing of our initial public offering. Since 2017, Mr. D Hinnin has beenchairman of the board of EUTELSAT Communications, a French satellite service company. From 2009 to 2016, Mr. D Hinnin served as Co-Managing Partner of Lagard re Group. Previously, he was Chief Financial Officer of Lagard re Group, Executive Vice President of Grolier Inc., and Chief Financial Officer of the publisher Hachette Livre, following his active role in the financial and legal restructuring of the Lagard re Group where he oversaw the merger of Matra with Hachette. Mr. D Hinnin is also a board member of EDENRED, a French corporate services company, Vantiva SA, a French technology company, and Louis Delhaize SA, a Belgium private retail group. Mr. D Hinnin was formerly a board member of PRISA, the world s Spanish and Portuguese media group, and EADS-Airbus, the Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Canal+ France, Vice Chairman at Atari, and he sat on the Strategic Council at PricewaterhouseCoopers France. Mr. D Hinnin has also held board positions at Marie Claire Album, Holding Evelyne Prouvost, Editions Amaury, and Le Monde. Mr. D Hinnin received his undergraduate degree from cole Normale Sup rieure (in classical culture) and a graduate degree from Ecole Nationale d Administration. I. Martin Pompadur has served on our board of directors as an independent director since the closing of our initial public offering. Mr. Pompadur is currently an investor and advisor to various companies, and a board member of Nexstar Media Group, Inc., Chicken Soup for the Soul Entertainment, Inc., and Troika MediaGroup all of which are publicly traded companies. Previously, from 2009 to 2016, he served as Global Vice Chairman, Media and Entertainment at Macquarie Capital, an investment bank and financial services company. From June 1998 to November 2008, Mr. Pompadur held several positions at News Corporation, a multinational mass media corporation, including Executive Vice President of News Corporation, President of News Corporation Eastern and Central Europe and a member of News Corporation s Executive Management Committee. In January 2000, Mr. Pompadur was appointed Chairman of News Corporation Europe. In 1985, as advisor to News Corporation, Mr. Pompadur helped acquire for News Corporation the Metromedia television station group and wrote the business plan for the start-up of the Fox Television Network. From 1982 to April 2007, Mr. Pompadur was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of RP Media Management which operated 12 television stations, 25 radio stations and numerous cable television systems totaling 500,000 subscribers. From 1977 to 1982, Mr. Pompadur served as President of Ziff 
 58 

Table of Contents 

Corporation, then a holding company for Ziff-Davis Publishing Company. Prior to that, from 1960 to 1977, Mr. Pompadur worked at ABC, Inc. where he held several positions, including General Manager of the Television Network, Vice President of the Broadcast Division, President of the Leisure Activities Group and Vice President of ABC, Inc. Mr. Pompadur was also previously a Managing General Partner at Northeastern Television Investors LP and was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of GP Station Partners and of Multivision Cable TV. Mr. Pompadur previously served as a director of IMAX Corporation and Truli Media Group, Inc., both publicly traded companies, and as a director of ABC. Inc, BSkyB, Sky Italia, Premier World, Fox Kids Europe, Metromedia International and Elong. Mr. Pompadurholds a BA from Williams College and a law degree from the University of Michigan Law School. Isabelle Amiel Azoulai has served on our board of directors as an independent director since the closing of our initial public offering. Ms. Azoulai is Founder and Managing Partner of Sienna Venture Capital. Previously, she was Co-Founder and Managing Partner at La Maison SA, a private equity and venture capital investment group formed in 2014, where she led more than 50 direct technology-focused investments in Israel, the United States, Europe and China. Ms. Azoulai also serves as the personal advisor to several ultra-high net worth European entrepreneurs. From 2014 to 2019, Ms. Azoulai was also a Senior Banker and Partner at Banque Leonardo, SA, a banking company. Ms. Azoulai was formerly an investment partner at Credit Suisse, where she managed the Ultra High Net Worth Individuals department. Prior to that, she managed the investment consulting department of Credit Suisse Private Banking in Paris. Ms. Azoulai is a founding member of the benefit committee of Institut Imagine, the French institute for genetic diseases. Ms. Azoulai holds a Master s degree in Business from Lincoln International Business School. Mikael Breuer-Weil has served on our board of directors as an independent director since the closing of our initial public offering. Mr. Breuer-Weil co-founded Marylebone Partners LLP, an investment management boutique, in September 2013 and served as founding partner and Chief Investment Officer until March 2020, when he stepped down from his executive roles. Previously, from 1994 to 2012, he was the Principal Investment Adviser to philanthropic and family foundations connected to Lord Jacob Rothschild, and in 2007 became Investment Director for RIT Capital Partners plc, an investment trust with a current market value of approximately 2.8 billion. Additionally, he has held various non-executive and investment advisory roles and he remains an adviser to a number of charitable and family organizations. Mr. Breuer-Weil started his career at Mercury Asset Management in 1986 and worked as a fund manager including a period of secondment with Odyssey Partners LLP in New York. Mr. Breuer-Weil graduated from the London School of Economics with a degree in law. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors consists of eight members. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. The term of office of Isabelle Amiel Azoulai and Mikael Breuer-Weil expired at our first annual meeting of stockholders and such officers were re-elected to serve on our board of directors. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Eli Muraidekh, Dominique D Hinnin and I. Martin Pompadur, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Makram Azar, Scott Freidheim and Xavier Rolet, KBE, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws will provide that our officers may consist of one or more Chairmen of the board of directors, one or more Chief Executive Officers, a President, a Chief Financial Officer, Chief Investment Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee, each of which is composed solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board of directors and has the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee is available to view at our website, www.goldenfalconcorp.com, under the Governance Documents section. Audit Committee The members of our audit committee are Messrs. Breuer-Weil and Pompadur and Ms. Amiel Azoulai. Ms. Amiel Azoulai serves as chair of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Breuer-Weil qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the purpose and principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

overseeing the integrity of our financial statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, 

overseeing the independent auditors qualifications and independence and the performance of the internal audit function and independent auditors; 

assisting with oversight of the design and implementation of the internal audit function; 

reviewing and approving the annual audit plan for the Company; 

discussing earnings press releases and financial information provided to analysts and rating agencies; 

discussing with management our policies and practices with respect to risk assessment and risk management; 

reviewing any audit problems or difficulties and management s response with the independent auditors; 

meeting periodically with each of management, internal auditors and the independent auditors; 

pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

reviewing and discussing our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor; 

reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

establishing procedures for (i) the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters and (ii) the confidential, anonymous submission by our employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters; 
 60 

Table of Contents 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

evaluating, on an annual basis, the audit committee s performance and reporting regularly to the board of directors. Compensation Committee The members of our compensation committee are Messrs. Pompadur and Rolet. Mr. Rolet serves as chair of the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and, either as a committee or together with the other independent directors (as directed by the board), determining and approving the compensation level (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

setting salaries and approving incentive compensation awards and equity compensation plan awards for all Section 16 officers as designated by the board; 

reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the compensation for directors; and 

evaluating, on an annual basis, the compensation committee s performance. The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the NYSE and the SEC. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee The members of our nominating and corporate governance committee are Messrs. D Hinnin and Rolet and Ms. Amiel Azoulai. Mr. D Hinnin serves as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. We have adopted a nominating and corporate governance committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating and corporate governance committee, including: 

identifying individuals qualified to become members of the board of directors; 

recruiting, reviewing and making recommendations to the board of directors regarding nominees for election or to fill vacancies on the board; 

developing the criteria and qualifications for membership on the board of directors; 
 61 

Table of Contents 

reviewing candidates proposed by stockholders, and conducting appropriate inquiries into the background and qualifications of any such candidates; 

reviewing the independence of each director and making a recommendation to the board of directors with respect to each director s independence; 

developing and recommending to the board of directors the corporate governance guidelines applicable to us and reviewing our corporate governance guidelines at least annually; 

making recommendations to the board of directors with respect to the membership of the audit, compensation and nominating and corporate governance committees; 

overseeing the evaluation of the performance of the board of directors and its committees and management, on a continuing basis, including an annual self-evaluation of the performance of the nominating and corporate governance committee; 

reviewing our overall corporate governance and reporting to the board of directors on its findings and any recommendations; and 

monitoring and making recommendations regarding committee functions, contributions, and composition. Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in the nominating and corporate governance committee charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated: 

should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the stockholders. The nominating and corporate governance committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating and corporate governance committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating and corporate governance committee will not distinguish among nominees recommended by stockholders and other persons. Code of Ethics, Corporate Governance Guidelines and Committee Charters We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics, our Audit Committee Charter, our Compensation Committee Charter and our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter as exhibits to our registration statement for our initial public offering. You may also review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Our board of directors has also adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines in accordance with the corporate governance rules of the NYSE that serve as a flexible framework within which our board of directors and its committees operate. Copies of our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Code of Ethics, our Audit Committee Charter, our Compensation Committee Charter and our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter are available on our corporate website, under the Governance Documents section. The information contained on or accessible through our corporate website or any other website that we may maintain is not incorporated by reference into this report. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Executive Officer and Director Compensation None of our officers, directors or members of our strategic advisory group has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We pay an affiliate of our sponsor for administrative, research, transaction and other support services provided to us in the amount of up to 10,000 per month, until the Extended Date. No compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by us to our initial stockholders, officers, directors or members of our strategic advisory group, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, except that at the closing of our initial business combination, we may pay a customary financial consulting fee to our initial stockholders, officers, directors, members of our strategic advisory group or their affiliates which will not be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination. We may pay such financial consulting fee in the event such party or parties provide us with specific target company, industry, financial or market expertise, as well as insights, relationships, services or resources in order to assess, negotiate and consummate an initial business combination. The amount of any such financial consulting fee we pay will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services for comparable transactions at such time, and will be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit committee s policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present conflicts of interest. We would disclose any such fee in the proxy or tender offer materials used in connection with a proposed business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our initial stockholders, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, and we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination should be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our shares of common stock as of March 27, 2023 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of common stock; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns shares of common stock; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1) 
 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned(2) 

Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock(3) 

Golden Falcon Sponsor Group, LLC (4) 

8,445,000 

65.8 

Makram Azar (4) 

8,445,000 

65.8 

Scott J. Freidheim (4) 

8,445,000 

65.8 

Eli Muraidekh 

Xavier Rolet, KBE 

36,000 

Dominique D Hinnin 

36,000 

I. Martin Pompadur 

36,000 

Isabelle Amiel Azoulai 

36,000 

Mikael Breuer-Weil 

36,000 

All executive officers and directors as a group (8 individuals) 

8,625,000 

67.2 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned(5) 

Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Class A Common Stock(6) 

Senator Investment Group LP 7 

2,000,000 

47.5 

Less than one percent. 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Golden Falcon Acquisition Corp., 850 Library Avenue, Suite 204, Newark, Delaware 19711. 

(2) 
 Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock. Shares of Class B common stock are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. 

(3) 
 Based on 12,833,579 shares of common stock outstanding at March 27, 2023, of which 4,208,579 were Class A common stock and 8,625,000 were Class B common stock. 

(4) 
 Our sponsor is the record holder of such shares. The sponsor is managed by Messrs. Azar and Freidheim. Accordingly, Messrs. Azar and Freidheim share voting and dispositive power over the shares held by the sponsor and may be deemed to beneficially own such shares. Each of Messrs. Azar and Freidheim disclaims beneficial ownership of these securities except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. 

(5) 
 Interests shown consist solely of Class A common stock. 

(6) 
 Based on 4,208,579 shares of Class A common stock outstanding at March 27, 2023. 

(7) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on January 4, 2021 by Senator Investment Group LP Senator Investment Group ), which serves as the investment manager to various investment funds (collectively, the Funds ), and as such, has investment discretion with respect to the Funds. Douglas Silverman has control of a Delaware limited liability company that may be deemed to control Senator Investment Group. Senator Investment Group and Mr. Silverman share voting and dispositive power over the securities. The business address of this stockholder is 510 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor, New York, NY 10022. On December 15, 2022, in connection with the Charter Amendment, we entered into a commitment agreement with two stockholders, pursuant to which the stockholders agreed to not redeem an aggregate of 230,000 public shares in connection with the extension vote, in exchange for our sponsor s commitment to transfer an aggregate of 115,000 Transfer Shares to such stockholders following the closing of the Proposed Business Combination, within 10 days after the expiration of the earliest lockup applicable to the founder shares. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Certain Relationships and Related Transactions In September 2020, we issued 7,187,500 founder shares to our sponsor in exchange for a capital contribution of 25,000. In November 2020, our sponsor transferred an aggregate of 150,000 founder shares to our independent directors. On December 17, 2020, we effected a dividend and, as a result, our sponsor currently holds 8,445,000 founder shares and each of our five independent directors currently holds 36,000 founder shares, such that our initial stockholders own an aggregate of 8,625,000 founder shares. The founder shares (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. Simultaneously with the consummation of our initial public offering and the full over-allotment option, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 8,900,000 private placement warrants for a purchase price of 1.00 per warrant, generating total proceeds of 8,900,000. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. The private placement warrants (and the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our founder shares or warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our business combination by the Extended Date. Commencing on December 18, 2020, we reimburse Full Circle Capital Services Limited, an affiliate of our sponsor, for certain administrative, research, transaction and other support services provided to us in the total amount of up to 10,000 per month, through the Extended Date or the earlier of completion of our initial business combination and our liquidation. No compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by us to our initial stockholders, officers, directors and members of our strategic advisory group, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination, except that at the closing of our initial business combination, we may pay any of such individuals or entities a customary financial consulting fee, which will not be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination. We may pay such financial consulting fee in the event such party or parties provide us with specific target company, industry, financial or market expertise, as well as insights, relationships, services or resources in order to assess, negotiate and consummate an initial business combination. The amount of any such financial consulting fee we pay will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services for comparable transactions at such time, and will be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit committee s policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present conflicts of interest. We would disclose any such fee in the proxy or tender offer materials used in connection with a proposed business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our initial stockholders, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. Our sponsor lent us an aggregate of 177,225 in connection with the expenses of our initial public offering, pursuant to the terms of an unsecured promissory note, which was subsequently repaid on December 23, 2020 and December 28, 2020. In addition, in order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds on a non-interest basis as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we may repay such lent amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. Otherwise, such loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the trust account. In the event that our initial business combination does not 
 65 

Table of Contents 

close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used to repay such lent amounts. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Except for the Sponsor Convertible Promissory Note (as defined below), the terms of such loans have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates as we do not believe third parties will be willing to lend such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. On September 13, 2021, our sponsor agreed to lend us an aggregate of up to 1,000,000 for working capital purposes (the Sponsor Convertible Promissory Note ). The Sponsor Convertible Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable upon consummation of our initial business combination. At our sponsor s discretion, the Sponsor Convertible Promissory Note may be converted into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of March 27, 2023, we had drawn an aggregate of 760,495 under the Sponsor Convertible Promissory Note. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us, if any, may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our officers and directors. These agreements require us to indemnify these individuals to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law against liabilities that may arise by reason of their service to us, and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified. We entered into a registration rights agreement, dated as of December 17, 2020, with respect to the founder shares, private placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and their respective component securities) and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder shares. Concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Business Combination Agreement, on December 6, 2022, MNG, the sponsor and the other parties thereto (together with the sponsor, the Holders entered into a Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement, pursuant to which MNG agreed, among other things, to file a registration statement to register the resale of certain securities of MNG held by the Holders and to provide the parties thereto customary demand, shelf and piggy-back rights on secondary offerings, subject to customary cut-back provisions and coordinated offerings. The MNG Ordinary Shares or MNG ADSs will be subject to lockup restrictions as described in the Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement. Concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Business Combination Agreement, on December 6, 2022, we, the sponsor, MNG and additional holders of shares of Class B Common Stock (such additional holders together with the Sponsor, the Sponsor Persons entered into a Sponsor Support Agreement, pursuant to which, among other things, the Sponsor Persons agreed to (a) support and vote its shares in favor of the Business Combination Agreement and the other transaction agreements to which we are or will be a party and the transactions contemplated in the Business Combination Agreement and transaction agreements; (b) subject their shares of Class B Common Stock to certain transfer restrictions; and (c) after the Effective Time (as defined in the Sponsor Support Agreement), for as long as Sponsor (or a Permitted Transferee (as defined in the Sponsor Support Agreement) of Sponsor) holds MNG AD Warrants, any exercise by sponsor (or a Permitted Transferee of Sponsor) of such MNG AD Warrants will only be done on a cash (and not a cashless) basis. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

Related Party Policy Following our initial public offering, we adopted a written Related Party Transactions Policy that requires all future related party transactions to be reviewed by our audit committee in accordance with the procedures set forth in such policy. Related party transactions are defined as transactions in which (i) the company was or is to be a participant; (ii) the amount involved exceeds 120,000; and (iii) a related party had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Related parties under this policy include: (i) our directors, nominees for director, executive officers or any person who has served in any of such roles since the beginning of the most recent fiscal year, even if he or she does not currently serve in that role; (ii) any record or beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities; and (iii) any immediate family member of any of the foregoing. In reviewing related party transactions, the audit committee considers, among other factors, whether the terms of the related party transaction are fair to the company and on the same basis as would apply if the transaction did not involve a related party. Any member of the audit committee who has an interest in the transaction under discussion will abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the audit committee, participate in some or all of the audit committee s discussions of the related party transaction. The transactions discussed above that occurred prior to our initial public offering were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with our Related Party Transactions Policy. We have adopted our Code of Ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board of directors) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our Code of Ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. In light of the involvement of our initial stockholders, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses or entities affiliated with them or otherwise acquire a business that later becomes affiliated with them or otherwise carry out non-arm s length transactions with any of such parties. To minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our initial stockholders, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to us from a financial point of view. Director Independence An independent director is defined generally as a person that, in the opinion of our board of directors, has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). We have five independent directors as defined in the NYSE rules and applicable SEC rules. Our board of directors has determined that each of Messrs. Breuer-Weil, D Hinnin, Pompadur and Rolet and Ms. Amiel Azoulai is an independent director under applicable SEC and NYSE rules. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The firm of Marcum LLP, or Marcum, acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to Marcum for services rendered. Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 86,800 and 103,661, respectively. These amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Tax Fees . We engaged Marcum for tax compliance services totaling 7,500 and 6,500 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for other services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed in connection with the effectiveness of our registration statement for our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 68 

Table of Contents 

PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this report or incorporated herein by reference: 

(1) 
 Our Financial Statements are listed on page F-1 of this Annual Report. 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 688) 

F-2 

Balance Sheets 

F-3 

Statements of Operations 

F-4 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 

F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows 

F-6 

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-7 

(2) 
 Financial Statements Schedule None. 

(3) 
 Exhibits: The following documents are included as exhibits to this Annual Report: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

2.1 (1) 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of December 6, 2022, among the Registrant, MNG Havayollari ve Tasimacilik A.S., Merlin HoldCo, LLC, Merlin IntermediateCo, LLC, Merlin FinCo, LLC and Merlin Merger Sub, Inc. 

2.2 (2) 
 
 Amendment to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2023, by and among the Registrant, MNG Havayollari ve Tasimacilik A.S., Merlin HoldCo, LLC, Merlin IntermediateCo, LLC, Merlin FinCo, LLC and Merlin Merger Sub, Inc. 

3.1 3 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 

3.2 4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 

3.2 5 
 
 Bylaws. 

4.1 5 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. 

4.2 5 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate. 

4.3 5 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. 

4.4 3 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated December 17, 2020, between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 

4.5 6 
 
 Description of Securities of the Registrant. 

10.1 5 
 
 Promissory Note, dated September 2, 2020, issued to Golden Falcon Sponsor Group, LLC. 

10.2 5 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated September 2, 2020, between the Registrant and Golden Falcon Sponsor Group, LLC. 

10.3 3 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated December 17, 2020, between the Company and Golden Falcon Sponsor Group, LLC. 

10.4 3 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated December 17, 2020, between the Company and each of the executive officers and directors of the Company. 

10.5 3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated December 17, 2020, between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 

10.6 4 
 
 Amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated December 20, 2022, between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 

10.7 3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 17, 2020, among the Company, Golden Falcon Sponsor Group, LLC and certain securityholders. 

10.8 3 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated December 17, 2020, between the Company and Golden Falcon Sponsor Group, LLC. 

10.9 3 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated December 17, 2020, between the Company and Full Circle Capital Services Limited. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

10.10 3 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement. 

10.11 7 
 
 Promissory Note dated September 13, 2021. 

10.12 (1) 
 
 Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of December 6, 2022, among the Registrant, MNG Havayollari ve Tasimacilik A.S., and the Sponsor Parties. 

10.13 (2) 
 
 Amendment to Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2023, by and among the Registrant, MNG Havayollari ve Tasimacilik A.S., and the Sponsor Persons (as defined in the Sponsor Support Agreement filed with the SEC on December 12, 2022 as Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 

99.1 (1) 
 
 Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of December 6, 2022, by and among MNG Havayollari ve Tasimacilik A.S. and the stockholders of the Registrant and MNG Havayollari ve Tasimacilik A.S., parties thereto. 

99.2 (2) 
 
 Amendment to Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2023, by and among MNG Havayollari ve Tasimacilik A.S. and the stockholders of the Registrant and MNG Havayollari ve Tasimacilik A.S., parties thereto. 

99.3 (1) 
 
 Shareholders Statement, dated as of December 6, 2022, by and among, MNG Havayollar ve Ta mac l k Anonim Shareirketi, Merlin HoldCo, LLC, Merlin IntermediateCo, LLC, Merlin FinCo, LLC, Merlin Merger Sub, Inc. and the Registrant, and the shareholders of MNG Havayollar ve Ta mac l k Anonim Shareirketi, party thereto. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39816), filed with the SEC on December 12, 2022. 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39816), filed with the SEC on February 23, 2023. 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39816), filed with the SEC on December 22, 2020. 

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39816), filed with the SEC on December 27, 2022. 

(5) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-251058), filed with the SEC on December 1, 2020. 

(6) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-39816), filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022. 

(7) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-39816), filed with the SEC on November 16, 2021. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 
 GOLDEN FALCON ACQUISITION CORP.

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 

F-2

Financial Statements:

Balance Sheets 

F-3

Statements of Operations 

F-4

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 

F-5

Statements of Cash Flows 

F-6

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-7 to F-24
 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 
 Golden Falcon Acquisition Corp. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying balance sheet s

 of Golden Falcon Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, if the Company does not consummate a business combination by June 22, 2023, there will be a mandatory liquidation and a subsequent dissolution of the Company, and the Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit
 
 s
 in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audit s

 included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit s

 also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit s

 provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ Marcum 
 LLP

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020.

 , NY 
 March 27
, 2023 
 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

GOLDEN FALCON ACQUISITION CORP. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022

December 31,

 2021

ASSETS

Current Assets:

Cash

Prepaid expenses

Total Current Assets

Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account

TOTAL ASSETS

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT

Current Liabilities:

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Income taxes payable

Total Current Liabilities

Non-current
 Liabilities:

Convertible promissory note related party, at fair value

Deferred underwriting fee payable

Warrant liabilities

Total Liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption; and shares at redemption value at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Stockholders Deficit

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding and shares subject to possible redemption) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021

Additional paid-in
 capital

Accumulated deficit

() 

() 

Total Stockholders Deficit

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F-3 

Table of Contents 

GOLDEN FALCON ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended

 December 31,

 2022

Year Ended

 December 31,

 2021

Formation and operational costs

Loss from operations

Other income (expense):

Interest income - bank

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account

Unrealized (loss) gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account

() 

Partial reversal of transaction costs incurred in connection with IPO

Change in fair value of convertible promissory note related party

() 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities

Total other income (expense), net

Income before provision for income taxes

Provision for income taxes

() 

Net income

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A common stock

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common stock

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B common stock

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F-4 

Table of Contents 

GOLDEN FALCON ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Class A

 Common Stock

Class B

 Common Stock

Additional

 Paid-in

Capital

Accumulated

 Deficit

Total

 Stockholders 

 Deficit

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Balance December 31, 2020

Net income

Balance December 31, 2021

Re-measurement
 for Class A common stock to redemption amount

() 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds received in excess of initial fair value of convertible promissory note

Shareholder non-redemption
 agreement

Shareholder non-redemption
 agreement

() 

() 
 
 Partial reversal of transaction costs incurred in connection with IPO

Net income

Balance December 31, 2022

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F-5 

Table of Contents 

GOLDEN FALCON ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended

 December 31,

 2022

Year Ended

 December 31,

 2021

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities:

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities

() 

() 
 
 Change in fair value of convertible promissory note

() 
 
 Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account

() 

() 
 
 Partial reversal of transaction costs incurred in connection with IPO

() 

Unrealized loss (gain) on marketable securities held in Trust Account

() 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Income taxes payable

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay taxes

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with Class A redemptions

Net cash provided by investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Proceeds from convertible promissory note related party

Redemption of Class A common stock

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

Net Change in Cash

Cash Beginning of period

Cash End of period

Non-Cash
 Investing and Financing activities:

Re-measurement
 for Class A common stock to redemption amount

Proceeds received in excess of fair value of convertible promissory note

Supplemental Cash Flow Information

Income taxes paid

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F-6 

Table of Contents 

GOLDEN FALCON ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

with a warrant conversion option (see Note 5). 
 The registration statements for the Company s Initial Public Offering were declared effective on December 17, 2020. On December 22, 2020, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option of Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. 
 Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and, collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to Golden Falcon Sponsor Group, LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 
 Transaction costs amounted to , consisting of of underwriting fees, net of reimbursement, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. See Note 6 for a description of the amended underwriting agreement. 
 Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on December 22, 2020, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account ), located in the United States and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7
 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds held in the Trust Account, as described below. 
 The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward completing a Business Combination. The Company must complete a Business Combination with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least of the value of the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into an initial Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. 
 The Company will provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination (ii) by means of a tender offer (iii) or in connection with an extension vote (see Note 5). The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The public stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. 
 The Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if the Company has net tangible assets of at least either prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior 

or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 
 The initial stockholders have agreed (a) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares, if any, held by them in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Company s initial Business Combination or to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial
 business combination activity, unless the Company provides the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 
 On December 20, 2022, the Company held a special meeting in lieu of its 2022 annual meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting at which the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter Amendment and an amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2020 (the Trust Agreement ), by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, (the Trust Amendment ). The Charter Amendment and the Trust Amendment extend the date by which the Company must consummate its initial business combination (the Extension from December 22, 2022 to June 22, 2023, or such earlier date as determined by the Company s board of directors (such later date, the Extended Date ). 
 In connection with the stockholder vote to approve the Extension, the holders of shares of Class A common stock properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately million, leaving approximately million in the Trust Account, after this redemption. 
 The Company has until the Extended Date to complete a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 
 The initial stockholders have agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the initial stockholders acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit ). 

from the interest earned on the Trust Account to pay the Company s franchise and income taxes. 
 Risks and Uncertainties 

In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of a novel coronavirus (COVID-19)
 as a pandemic which continues to spread throughout the United States and the World. As of the date the financial statements were issued, there was considerable uncertainty around the expected duration of this pandemic. The Company has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that COVID-19
 could have a negative effect on identifying a target company for a Business Combination, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 In February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action, various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further, the impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy is not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The specific impact of this ongoing military action on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 
 Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. 
 The Company will continue to monitor for updates to the Company s business along with guidance issued with respect to the IR Act to determine whether any adjustments are needed to the Company s tax provision in future periods. 

in its operating bank account, in cash held in the Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination, or to repurchase or redeem its stock in connection therewith and a working capital deficit of , which excludes the permitted withdrawal should the Company elect to withdraw from the Trust Account for additional franchise taxes payable of or income taxes payable of . As of December 31, 2022, of the amount on deposit in the Trust Account represented interest income. Interest income earned on the Trust Account is available to pay the Company s tax obligations. Through December 31, 2022, was withdrawn from the Trust Account to pay the Company s franchise and income tax obligations. 
 The Company may raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of its directors and officers. The Sponsor may but is not obligated to (except as described below), lend the Company funds, from time to time in whatever amounts it deems reasonable in its sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. On September 13, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to lend the Company an aggregate of up to for working capital purposes pursuant to a convertible promissory note. The Company had drawn an aggregate of under the convertible promissory note as of December 31, 2022, which includes drawdowns of on September 13, 2021, on October 5, 2021, on October 26, 2021, on November 29, 2021, on January 31, 2022, on March 31, 2022, on November 9, 2022, and on December 27, 2022. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain additional financing prior to completing the Business Combination, however. Moreover, the Company may need to obtain additional financing either to complete its Business Combination or because the Company becomes obligated to redeem a significant number of its public shares upon consummation of its Business Combination, in which case the Company may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, the Company would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of its Business Combination. 
 If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. 
 In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with ASC Subtopic 205-40,
 Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the Company has until June 22, 2023, or such earlier date as determined by our board of directors, to consummate a Business Combination. If a Business Combination is not consummated by June 22, 2023, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Although the Company intends to consummate a Business Combination on or before June 22, 2023, it is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by June 22, 2023. This, as well as its liquidity condition, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after June 22, 2023. 

t have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 of funds previously held in the trustee s cash operating account as of December 31, 2022 into U.S Treasury Bills. At December 31, 2021, substantially all of the assets held in the Trust Account were held in U.S. Treasury securities. The Company s investments held in the Trust Account are classified as trading securities. Trading securities are presented on the balance sheets at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Interest income is included in interest earned on the marketable securities held in the Trust Account whereas the gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of the securities held in the Trust Account are included in unrealized gains and losses on marketable securities in the accompanying statements of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in Trust Account are determined using available market information. 

Less:

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants

() 

Class A common stock issuance costs

() 

Plus:

Re-measurement
 of carrying value to redemption amount

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption December 31, 2021

Plus:

Redemptions

() 

() 
 
 Re-measurement
 of carrying value to redemption amount

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption December 31, 2022

and , respectively, shares of Class A common stock in the aggregate which does not include the warrants that could be issued as a result of the conversion option in the convertible promissory note. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted net income per common share is the same as basic net income per common share for the periods presented. 

Denominator:

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per common share

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account. 

F-15

Table of Contents 
 Units, which includes a full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and -half
 of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of per share (see Note 8). 
 Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of in a private placement. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of per share. The proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Private Placement Warrants. The amount by which the initial fair value of the Private Placement Warrants exceeded the aggregate purchase price was included in the statement of operations for the period from August 24, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020. 
 shares of Class B common stock (the Founder Shares to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of in cash. In December 2020, the Company effected a -stock
 dividend, resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares outstanding. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares of Class B common stock that were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor will own, on an as-converted
 basis, of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming the Sponsor did not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering). As a result of the underwriters election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, no Founder Shares are currently subject to forfeiture. 
 The initial stockholders have agreed that, subject to certain limited exceptions, the Founder Shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of a Business Combination or (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading
 day period commencing at least days after a Business Combination or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 
 In September 2020, we issued founder shares to our Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of , or approximately per share. In December 2020, we effected a stock dividend and, as a result, our Sponsor currently holds founder shares and each of our five independent directors currently holds founder shares, such that our initial stockholders own an aggregate of founder shares. 
 Administrative Support Agreement 

The Company entered into an agreement, commencing on December 22, 2020, pursuant to which the Company will pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a total of up to per month, for up to 24 months, for certain administrative, research, transaction and other support services. Upon completion of the Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the administrative fees were . For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company reimbursed such affiliate of the Sponsor for certain costs incurred on the Company s behalf in the amounts of . Such amounts are included in formation and operational costs in the accompanying statements of operations. 
 Convertible Promissory Note Related Party 

On September 13, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to pursuant to the convertible promissory note. The convertible promissory note is non-interest
 bearing and payable upon consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination. At the Company s discretion, the convertible promissory note may be converted into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement 

of cumulative cash advanced under the convertible promissory note. The convertible promissory note was valued using the fair value method. The change in the fair value of the note recorded in the statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, was , resulting in a fair value of the convertible note of . For the year ended December 31, 2021, the change in fair value of the note recorded in the statements of operations was , resulting in a fair value of the convertible note of (see Note 10). 
 Related Party Loans 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the initial stockholders or an affiliate of the initial stockholders or certain of the Company s directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no amount was outstanding under the Working Capital Loans other than the amounts discussed under the Convertible Promissory note above. 
 Non-redemption
 Agreement 

On December 15, 2022, the Sponsor entered into Non-Redemption
 Agreements with various stockholders of the Company pursuant to which these stockholders have committed not to redeem their Golden Falcon shares in connection with the Special Meeting held on December 16, 2022, but still retained their right to redeem in connection with the closing of the Business Combination. The commitment to not redeem was accepted by holders of shares of Class A Common Stock. In consideration of this agreement, the Sponsor has agreed to transfer a portion of its Class B Common Stock to the Non-Redeeming
 Stockholders at the closing of the Business Combination. Each Stockholder committed to maintain at least of the identified stock and in return will obtain of the identified stock as Class B common Stock. The Company estimated the aggregate fair value of the founders shares attributable to the Non-Redeeming
 Stockholders to be or per share. Each Non-Redeeming
 Stockholder acquired from the Sponsor an indirect economic interest in the founder shares. The excess of the fair value of the founder shares was determined to be an offering cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. Accordingly, in substance, it was recognized by the Company as a capital contribution by the Sponsor to induce these holders of the Class A shares not to redeem, with a corresponding charge to additional paid-in
 capital to recognize the fair value of the shares transferred as an offering cost. 

Remaining life of SPAC (assuming the Extended Date)

Value in no De-SPAC
 scenario

Probability of transaction

per Unit, or in the aggregate contingent upon the consummation of the Initial Business Combination. 
 On December 6, 2022, the representatives in the Initial Public Offering, agreed, on behalf of the underwriters, to a reduction of their deferred underwriting fee of per Unit. Pursuant to an amendment to the underwriting agreement, the deferred underwriting fee from any remaining funds on deposit in the Trust Account and/or any other funds available in connection with the Business Combination, which will be payable at closing of the Business Combination is as follows: (i) of the deferred underwriting fee (the Minimum Deferred Underwriting Fee will be due and payable in cash to the underwriters, upon the closing of the Business Combination irrespective of the amount of Available Cash (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement); (ii) if the Available Cash is equal to or greater than million and up to million, an additional amount equal to up to million of the deferred underwriting fee will be due and payable in cash to the underwriters upon the closing of the Business Combination, which additional amount will be linearly determined in relation to the amount of the Available Cash and will be at least and up to million; and (iii) if the Available Cash is equal to or greater than million and up to million, an additional amount of up to of the deferred underwriting fee will be due and payable in cash to the underwriters upon the closing of the Business Combination, which additional amount will be linearly determined in relation to the amount of the Available Cash and will be at least and up to (such additional amounts in clauses (ii) and (iii) being referred to herein as an Incremental Deferred Underwriting Commission, and together with the Minimum Deferred Underwriting Fee, the Deferred Underwriting Fee ). As a result of the amendment, the reduction in deferred fees was split on a pro rata basis between additional paid-in
 capital and other income based upon the original amount of the deferred underwriting fee s allocation to the liability-classified instruments in the Initial Public Offering. Therefore, the deferred underwriting fee was reduced by , of which is shown in the condensed statement of operations as the partial reversal of transaction costs incurred in connection with IPO and is charged to additional paid-in
 capital in the statement of stockholders deficit. As a result of the reduction, the outstanding deferred underwriting fee payable was reduced to . 
 The Deferred Underwriting Fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement, as amended as discussed above. 
 Right of First Refusal 

The Company has agreed that until the earlier of (i) September 15, 2023 and (ii) the consummation of a Business Combination, UBS Securities LLC shall have a right of first refusal to act as exclusive capital markets advisor, placement agent, or book-running lead manager, as the case may be, in connection with any private placement or public offering of equity, equity-linked or debt (including, without limitation, asset-backed) securities. 
 Allocation of Securities to Affiliates of Underwriters 

Two members of the Sponsor are affiliated with one of the underwriters participating in the Initial Public Offering and will be allocated an aggregate of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants as a result of their membership in the Sponsor. The securities allocated to these members have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a 

days immediately following the effective date of the Initial Public Offering pursuant to Rule 5110(e)(1) of the FINRA Manual. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), these securities will not be sold during the Initial Public Offering or sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the Initial Public Offering or commencement of sales of the Initial Public Offering, except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the Initial Public Offering and their bona fide officers or partners, provided that all securities so transferred remain subject to the lockup restriction above for the remainder of the time period. 
 shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 
 Class

A Common Stock

The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and , respectively, shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, all of which are subject to possible redemption, and are presented as temporary equity. 
 Class

B Common Stock

The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of Class B common stock are entitled to for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 
 Holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of stockholders except as required by law. 
 The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of a Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a 

 (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like). In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance, including pursuant to a specified future issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
 basis, of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued or issuable to any seller in a Business Combination). However, in no event will the conversion rate be less than .

Public Warrants outstanding. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) days after the completion of a Business Combination or (b) months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 The Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable, and the Company will not be obligated to issue a share of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless the share of Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. 

business days after the closing of a Business Combination, the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to file, and within business days following a Business Combination to have declared effective, a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed. If a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th business day after the closing of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. In addition, if the Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elect, it will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but it will be required to use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 
 Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class

A common stock equals or exceeds .

Once the Public Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants (except with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of per warrant; 

upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported last reported sale price of the Class A common stock for any trading days within a -trading
 day period ending three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (the Reference Value equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like). 
 If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if the Company is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 
 Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class

A common stock equals or exceeds 

.

 Once the Public Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at per warrant upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption; provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the Class A common stock; 

if, and only if, the Reference Value equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like); and 

if the Reference Value is less than per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above. 
 If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described below, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of Class A common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

per share of Class A common stock (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the consummation of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s Class A common stock during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates a Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the and per share redemption trigger prices will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to and of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Private Placement Warrants outstanding. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable
 so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

Startup/Organization Expenses

Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account

() 

Total deferred tax assets, net

Valuation Allowance

() 

() 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance

Deferred benefit

() 

() 
 
 State and Local

Current

Deferred

Change in valuation allowance

Income tax provision

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income. These net operating loss carryovers do not expire and may offset up to of taxable income in any given year. 

and , respectively. 
 On March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was enacted in response to COVID-19
 pandemic. Under ASC 740, the effects of changes in tax rates and laws are recognized in the period which the new legislation is enacted. The CARES Act made various tax law changes including among other things (i) increasing the limitation under Section 163(j) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the IRC for 2019 and 2020 to permit additional expensing of interest (ii) enacting a technical correction so that qualified improvement property can be immediately expensed under IRC Section 168(k), (iii) making modifications to the federal net operating loss rules including permitting federal net operating losses incurred in 2018, 2019, and 2020 to be carried back to the five preceding taxable years in order to generate a refund of previously paid income taxes and (iv) enhancing the recoverability of alternative minimum tax credits. Given the Company s full valuation allowance position and capitalization of all costs, the CARES Act did not have an impact on the financial statements. 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities

() 

() 
 
 Change in fair value of Convertible Promissory Note

() 
 
 Reduction in deferred underwriting fees

() 

Business combination expenses

Fair value of warrant liability in excess of proceeds from Private Placement

Delaware Franchise Tax Fines and Penalties

Change in valuation allowance

Income tax provision

The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction. The Company s tax returns since inception remain open to examination by the taxing authorities. 

1 

Liabilities:

Warrant liabilities Public Warrants

1 

1 

Warrant liabilities Private Placement Warrants

2 

2 

Convertible promissory note related party

3 

3 

(1) 
 As of December 31, 2022, the entirety of the marketable securities held in the trust account were deposited into the cash operating account maintained by the trustee 

Time to Expiration (in years)

Expected volatility

Exercise price

Dividend yield

Stock Price

Probability of transaction

Borrowing during the year ended December 31, 2022

Proceeds received in excess of initial fair value of convertible promissory note

() 
 
 Change in fair value

Fair value as of December 31, 2022

There were no transfers in or out of Level 3 from other levels in the fair value hierarchy during the year ended December 31, 2022 for the convertible promissory note. 

Borrowing during the year ended December 31, 2021

Change in fair value

() 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021

There were no transfers in or out of Level 3 from other levels in the fair value hierarchy during the year ended December 31, 2021 for the convertible promissory note. 

Change in fair value

() 

() 
 
 Transfer to Level 1 (transferred February 8, 2021)

() 

() 

Fair value as of March 31, 2021

Change in fair value

Fair value as of June 30, 2021

Change in fair value

() 

() 
 
 Transfer to Level 2 (transferred June 30, 2021)

() 

() 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021

of funds previously held in the trustee s cash operating account as of December 31, 2022 into U.S Treasury Bills. 
 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Golden Falcon Acquisition Corp. 

Dated: March 27, 2023 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Makram Azar 

Makram Azar 

Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: March 27, 2023 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Eli Muraidekh 

Eli Muraidekh 

Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 27, 2023. 

Signatures 

Capacity in Which Signed 

/s/ Makram Azar 

Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Makram Azar 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Scott J. Freidheim 

Chairman 
 
 Scott J. Freidheim 

/s/ Eli Muraidekh 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Eli Muraidekh 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Xavier Rolet, KBE 

Director 
 
 Xavier Rolet, KBE 

/s/ Dominique D Hinnin 

Director 
 
 Dominique D Hinnin 

/s/ I. Martin Pompadur 

Director 
 
 I. Martin Pompadur 

/s/ Isabelle Amiel Azoulai 

Director 
 
 Isabelle Amiel Azoulai 

/s/ Mikael Breuer-Weil 

Director 
 
 Mikael Breuer-Weil 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d456313dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Makram Azar, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Golden Falcon
Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 27, 2023 

/s/ Makram Azar 

Makram Azar 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d456313dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Eli Muraidekh, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Golden Falcon
Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 27, 2023 

/s/ Eli Muraidekh 

Eli Muraidekh 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d456313dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Golden Falcon Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the
period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, Makram Azar, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Eli Muraidekh, the Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of our knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. Dated: March 27, 2023 

/s/ Makram Azar 
 
 Makram Azar 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Eli Muraidekh 
 
 Eli Muraidekh 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 gfxu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 gfxu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 gfxu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 gfxu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

