<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230315_10-K_edgar_data_1824502_0001628280-23-008091.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10464570</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>361752</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2943700</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2722015</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2389791</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1901350</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-008091.hdr.sgml : 20230315
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230315160912
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-008091
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230315
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Archer Aviation Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001824502
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIRCRAFT [3721]
		IRS NUMBER:				852730902
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39668
		FILM NUMBER:		23735239

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		190 WEST TASMAN DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-272-3233

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		190 WEST TASMAN DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Atlas Crest Investment Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200911

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-008091.txt : 20230315

10-K
 1
 achr-20221231.htm
 10-K

achr-20221231 
 
 Table of Content s 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code 
 N/A 
 (Former name, former address, and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business date of the registrant s recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately million, based on the closing price reported for such date on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 As of March 3, 2023, the number of shares of the registrant s Class A common stock outstanding was , and the number of shares of the registrant s Class B common stock outstanding was . 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Table of Content s 

 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Page Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 ii 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 iii 
 Part I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 30 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 30 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 
 Part II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrants Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 31 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 32 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 41 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 42 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 78 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 78 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 80 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 80 
 Part III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 81 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 81 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 81 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 81 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 81 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 82 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 84 
 Signatures 
 85 
 
 i 

Table of Content s 

 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements. All statements, other than statements of present or historical fact, included in or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report regarding our future financial performance, as well as our strategy, future operations, financial position, estimated revenues and losses, projected costs, prospects, plans, and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. When used in this Annual Report, the words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, future, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, seek, should, will, would, the negative of such terms and other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. 
 
 These forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this Annual Report, and current expectations, assumptions, hopes, beliefs, intentions, and strategies regarding future events. Accordingly, forward-looking statements in this Annual Report and in any document incorporated herein by reference should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date, and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 
 As a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, our actual results or performance may be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include those described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in this Annual Report and in other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC that disclose risks and uncertainties that may affect our business. Moreover, new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks and uncertainties, the future events and circumstances discussed in this Annual Report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
 
 As used herein, Archer, the Company, Registrant, we, us, our, and similar terms include Archer Aviation Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. 
 
 Archer and our other registered and common law trade names and trademarks of ours appearing in this Annual Report are our property. This Annual Report contains additional trade names and trademarks of other companies. We do not intend our use or display of other companies trade names or trademarks to imply an endorsement or sponsorship of us by such companies, or any relationship with any of these companies. 

ii 

Table of Content s 

RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 
 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report. You should carefully consider these risks and uncertainties when investing in our Class A common stock. Some of the principal risks and uncertainties include the following: 
 
 We are an early-stage company with a history of losses, and we expect to incur significant expenses and continuing losses for the foreseeable future. 
 We are still developing our eVTOL aircraft, have not yet obtained FAA certification of our eVTOL aircraft under development and we have yet to manufacture or deliver any aircraft to customers, which makes evaluating our business and future prospects difficult and increases the risk of investment. 
 Our business plan requires a significant amount of capital. In addition, our future capital needs may require us to issue additional equity or debt securities that may dilute our stockholders or introduce covenants that may restrict our operations or our ability to pay dividends. 
 The markets for our offerings are still in development, and if such markets do not materialize, or grow more slowly than we expect or fail to grow as large as we expect, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 
 The eVTOL aircraft industry may not continue to develop, eVTOL aircraft may not be adopted by the market, eVTOL aircraft may not be certified by government authorities or eVTOL aircraft may not be an attractive alternative to existing modes of transportation, any of which could adversely affect our prospects, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our future success depends on the continuing efforts of our key personnel and on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel and senior management. 
 We may be unable to manage our future growth effectively, which could make it difficult to execute our business strategy. 
 Operation of aircraft involves a degree of inherent risk. We could suffer losses and adverse publicity stemming from any accident involving small aircraft, helicopters or charter flights and in particular from any accident involving eVTOL aircraft. 
 We currently rely and will continue to rely on third-party partners to provide and store the parts and components required to manufacture our aircraft, and to supply critical components and systems, which exposes us to a number of risks and uncertainties outside our control. 
 We are or may be subject to risks associated with strategic relationships or other opportunities and may not be able to identify adequate strategic relationship opportunities, or form strategic relationships, in the future. 
 The United Purchase Agreement is conditional and is currently the only order for our aircraft. If the order conditions are not met, or if this order is otherwise canceled, modified or delayed, our prospects, results of operations, liquidity and cash flow will be harmed. 
 Our business may be adversely affected by the current macroeconomic challenges, including the effects of inflation, rising interest rates or an economic downturn or recession. 
 Our aerial ride sharing operations will initially be concentrated in a small number of urban areas, which makes our business particularly susceptible to infrastructure, economic, social, weather, regulatory conditions or other circumstances affecting these metropolitan areas. 
 Our long-term success and ability to significantly grow our revenue will depend, in part, on our ability to establish and expand into international markets and/or expand market segments. 
 If we experience harm to our reputation and brand, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our ability to effectively compete and generate revenue from our products and services depends upon our ability to distinguish our products and services from our competitors and their products and services. 
 Our business may be adversely affected by labor and union activities. 
 We expect that the purchase agreements with Archer Direct customers could be subject to indexed price escalation clauses which would subject us to losses if we have cost overruns or if increases in our costs exceed the applicable escalation rate. 
 We have identified certain material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate these material weaknesses, or if we identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to 
 iii 

Table of Content s 

 maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect our business and stock price. 
 We have been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by health epidemics and pandemics, including the ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic, the duration and economic, governmental and social impact of which is difficult to predict, which may significantly harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations relating to the aviation business in general and eVTOL aircraft specifically, could adversely affect our business and our financial condition. 
 We are subject to cybersecurity risks to our operational systems, security systems, infrastructure, integrated software in our aircraft and customer data processed by us or third-party vendors. 
 Failure to comply with laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection and consumer protection, or the expansion of current laws and regulations or the enactment of new laws or regulations in these areas, could adversely affect our business and our financial condition. 
 We are subject to risks associated with climate change, including the potential increased impacts of severe weather events on our operations and infrastructure. 
 We intend to retain certain personal information about our customers, employees or others that, if compromised, could harm our financial performance and results of operations or prospects. 
 The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain additional executive management and qualified board members. 
 We have been sued by a competitor alleging misappropriation by us of certain of their trade secrets and infringement by us of certain of their patents. These proceedings, as well as any other proceedings relating to these allegations and similar allegations or legal proceedings in the future, are likely to be time-consuming and expensive and, if adversely determined, could delay, limit or prevent our ability to commercialize our aircraft or otherwise execute on our business plans. 
 Our business may be adversely affected if we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights from unauthorized use by third parties. 
 Our management team has limited experience managing a public company. 
 The warrants originally issued by Atlas are accounted for as liabilities and changes in the value of these warrants could have a material effect on our financial results. 
 The dual-class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting power with certain shareholders of our Class B common stock, which could limit other shareholders ability to influence the outcome of important transactions, including a change in control. 
 Future sales, or the perception of future sales, by us or our stockholders in the public market could cause the market price for our Class A common stock to decline. 
 iv 

Table of Content s 

 Part I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 
 We are designing and developing electric vertical takeoff and landing eVTOL aircraft for use in urban air mobility UAM networks. Our mission is to unlock the skies, freeing everyone to reimagine how they move and spend time. Our eVTOL aircraft are designed to be safe, sustainable, and quiet. Our production aircraft, Midnight, which we unveiled in November of 2022, is designed around our proprietary 12-tilt-6 aircraft configuration. This means that it has 12 propellers attached to 6 booms on a fixed wing with all 12 propellers providing vertical lift during take-off and landing and the forward 6 propellers tilting forward to cruise position to provide propulsion during forward flight with the wing providing aerodynamic lift like a conventional airplane. 
 
 Midnight is designed to carry 4 passengers plus a pilot up to 100 miles at speeds up to 150 miles per hour, but is optimized for back-to-back short distance trips of around 20-miles, with a charging time of approximately 10 minutes between trips. We are working to certify Midnight with the FAA in late 2024 so that we can then enter into commercial service in 2025. 
 
 Midnight is the evolution of our demonstrator eVTOL aircraft, Maker, which through its flight test program has helped validate our proprietary 12-tilt-6 aircraft configuration and certain key enabling technologies. The design of Midnight marries what we believe to be cutting-edge electric propulsion technology with state-of-the-art aircraft systems to deliver the key attributes of our eVTOL aircraft: 
 
 Safety. High redundancy and simplified propulsion systems make for a significantly safer aircraft compared to a helicopter. Midnight has no single critical point of failure, meaning that should any single component fail, the aircraft can still safely complete its flight. 
 
 Low noise. With its intended cruising altitude at approximately 2,000 feet, the design of Midnight is such that the noise that reaches the ground is expected to measure around 45 A-weighted decibels, approximately 100 times quieter than that of a helicopter. During forward flight, the aircraft s tilt propellers spin on axes that are aligned with the oncoming air flow, rather than edge-wise to the flow, as is the case with traditional helicopters - further decreasing noise levels. Since Archer s aircraft is spinning 12 small propellers rather than one large rotor, it can also spin them at significantly lower tip speeds, resulting in much lower noise levels. 
 
 Sustainable. Midnight is all electric, resulting in zero operating emissions. Archer is committed to sourcing renewable energy wherever possible to power its aircraft. Archer s design and engineering teams have worked to integrate materials into this aircraft that have their own unique sustainability stories. For example, Midnight s seats are constructed out of flax fiber, a natural plant which requires very little irrigation and is highly absorbent of CO2. In addition, Archer s design uses fabric made from recycled contents like plastic bottles. 
 
 We continue to work to optimize our eVTOL aircraft design for both manufacturing and certification. The development of an eVTOL aircraft that meets our business requirements demands significant design and development efforts on all facets of the aircraft. We believe that by bringing together a mix of talent with eVTOL, traditional commercial aerospace, as well as electric propulsion backgrounds, we have built a team that enables us to move through the design, development, and certification of our eVTOL aircraft with the Federal Aviation Administration FAA in an efficient manner, thus allowing us to achieve our end goal of bringing to market our eVTOL aircraft as efficiently as possible. 
 
 Our Planned Lines of Business 
 
 Upon receipt of all necessary FAA certifications and any other government approvals necessary for us to manufacture and operate our aircraft, we intend to operate two complementary lines of business. Our core focus is to operate a direct-to-consumer aerial ride share service Archer UAM with our secondary focus being the sale of our aircraft to other operators Archer Direct ). 
 
 Archer UAM. We plan to operate our own UAM ecosystem initially in select major U.S. cities. Our UAM ecosystem will operate using our eVTOL aircraft, which is currently in development. We project that the cost to manufacture and operate our eVTOL aircraft will be such that it will be able to enter the UAM ride-sharing market at a price point that is competitive with ground-based ride sharing services today. We will continue to evaluate our go-to-market strategy 
 1 

Table of Content s 

 based on, among other things, estimated demand, readiness of the required infrastructure, and our ability to scale our aircraft fleet. 
 
 Archer Direct. We also plan to selectively sell a certain amount of our eVTOL aircraft to third parties. We have entered into a purchase agreement with United Airlines Inc. United for the conditional purchase of up to 1 billion worth of aircraft, with an option for another 500.0 million worth of aircraft (as amended, the United Purchase Agreement ). 
 
 As we get closer to commercialization, we will look to determine the right mix of selling our eVTOL aircraft versus using them as part of our UAM ecosystem based on, among other factors, our capital needs, our volume of manufacturing, our ability to ramp Archer UAM operations, and the purchase demand from our Archer Direct customers. 
 
 To date, we have not generated any revenue from either of these planned categories, as we continue to design, develop, and seek the governmental approvals necessary for our eVTOL aircraft to enter into service. We will use our cash and cash equivalents for the foreseeable future to continue to fund our efforts to bring our eVTOL aircraft to market. The amount and timing of any future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the pace and results of the design and development of our aircraft and manufacturing operations, as well as our progress in obtaining necessary FAA certifications and other government approvals. For example, any significant delays in obtaining such FAA certifications and other government approvals will likely require us to raise additional capital above our existing cash on hand and delay our generation of revenues. 
 
 Manufacturing Operations Supply Chain Build-Out 
 
 We are in the process of developing the infrastructure necessary to manufacture Midnight reliably, at scale, and in a cost effective manner. That involves two main aspects: developing the necessary component supply chain and building out our manufacturing operations. 
 
 With regards to the sourcing of our components, a key aspect of our strategy has been to focus our internal component development efforts on only the key enabling technologies like our electric propulsion system and flight control software. For those areas that are not differentiating technologies we aim to leverage the existing aerospace supply base to supply us with components that are already being used in certified aircraft today. Throughout 2022, we continued to expand our portfolio of suppliers that will provide us with components for Midnight. We have also matured the design, development and manufacturing capabilities for our proprietary electric propulsion system. 
 
 With regards to our manufacturing operations, we are currently in the final stages of building out a production facility in San Jose, California, which we will utilize to produce the initial Midnight aircraft we will use as part of our FAA certification program, as well as a higher volume production facility in Covington, Georgia. In November 2022, we announced our plans to locate our high volume production facility in Covington, Georgia at a site adjacent to the Covington Municipal Airport. At this site, we have begun construction on our initial build out a 350,000 square-foot facility on a 96-acre site. This initial facility is expected to be capable of producing up to 650 aircraft per year. We are targeting to complete construction in the second half of 2023 or early 2024 with initial production expected to begin in the second half of 2024. The facility will be capable of being expanded by an additional 550,000 square feet, which is estimated to support production of up to 2,300 aircraft per year. In selecting the location for this high volume manufacturing facility, we completed a comprehensive survey of potential sites across the United States. Key considerations included the availability of talent in the local labor market, utility availability, ability to conduct seamless flight test operations, construction costs, and logistics. In connection with the project, we agreed on an incentive package with the State of Georgia, Newton County and City of Covington, which includes land conveyance, tax incentives and Georgia REBA grant. We also anticipate that financing for this project will be provided by Synovus, the largest bank headquartered in the State of Georgia. As discussed in more detail below, we plan to work alongside Stellantis N.V. Stellantis on the build out and stand up this facility and our operations there. 
 
 Key Strategic Partners 
 
 Archer was founded with a focus on commercializing the eVTOL aircraft industry. We identified early on that partnering with established players in adjacent industries was key to that commercialization strategy. 
 
 Stellantis 
 
 In 2020, we established a key strategic relationship with Stellantis, one of the world s leading automakers including of brands Jeep , Ram, Maserati, Dodge, and Chrysler. The goal was to allow us to leverage Stellantis deep manufacturing, 
 2 

Table of Content s 

 supply chain, and design expertise in connection with our efforts to design, develop, and commercialize our eVTOL aircraft. In 2021, Stellantis invested in Archer as part of the Business Combination (as defined below). Then, in January 2023, we announced a significant expansion of our partnership. As a result, Stellantis will work with us to stand up our manufacturing facility in Covington, Georgia. This unique approach will continue to leverage each company s respective strengths and competencies in an effort to bring our Midnight aircraft to market at scale to support our commercialization plans. The goal over the long term is for Stellantis to mass produce our eVTOL aircraft as our contract manufacturer. As a further sign of its commitment, Stellantis has agreed to provide up to 150 million in equity capital for potential draw by Archer at its discretion in 2023 and 2024, subject to achievement of certain business milestones which Archer expects to occur in 2023. The two companies are taking these important steps together as we share the goal of redefining urban transportation. 
 
 United 
 
 In 2021, we established a key strategic relationship with United as part of the airline's broader effort to invest in emerging technologies that decarbonize air travel. The goal has been for United, as our flagship customer, to contribute its expertise in aircraft operations as we work together to commercialize our eVTOL aircraft. As part of establishing that relationship, we entered into a purchase agreement with United covering their purchase of up to 1.5 billion of our eVTOL aircraft. United has indicated its plans to acquire a fleet of our eVTOL aircraft that would be deployed in a manner to give their customers a quick, economical and low-carbon way to get to and from United's hub airports and commute in dense urban environments. United also invested in Archer as part of the Business Combination. 
 
 Since 2021, we have also been working closely with United on commercialization efforts. In April of 2022, we formed a joint eVTOL Advisory Committee to support operations of our eVTOL aircraft, including maintenance and operational standards. In August of 2022, United paid us 10 million in pre-delivery payments for 100 aircraft covered under our purchase agreement. Then, in November of 2022, we jointly announced the first specific UAM route in the US: Downtown Manhattan Heliport to Newark Liberty International Airport. Our shared purpose is connecting people, and we continue to work closely to ensure our eVTOL aircraft will amplify their broader efforts to do that in a sustainable way. 
 
 Market Opportunity 
 
 In 2018, 55 of the world s population lived in urban areas according to the United Nations, a proportion that they projected to increase to 68 by 2050. This migration has led to unprecedented traffic congestion, with a noticeable struggle to scale ground infrastructure. UAM offers a potential solution by expanding travel into the air. To date, the electrification of aircraft has lagged the adoption of electric automobiles in large part because of the greater technical challenges. However, over the last few years there have been significant advancements in the key enabling technologies for eVTOL aircraft, such as high-energy batteries and high-performance electric motors. We anticipate that the initial market opportunity will be focused in high-density metropolitan areas where traffic congestion is particularly acute and operating conditions are suitable for early eVTOL aircraft operations. While we believe the market for eVTOL aircraft and UAM services will be large, it remains undeveloped and there is no guarantee of future demand. 
 
 We believe the primary drivers for adoption of UAM services will be the time savings and value proposition offered by UAM relative to more traditional ground-based transportation options. We expect that the following additional factors will also impact the pace of adoption of UAM: regulatory requirements for eVTOL aircraft and UAM network operations, public acceptance of eVTOL aircraft (including perception regarding the safety of eVTOL aircraft) and access to the infrastructure necessary to enable UAM services. In addition, macroeconomic factors could impact demand for UAM services, particularly if more permanent work-from-home behaviors persist as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. If the market for UAM does not develop as expected, this would impact our ability to generate revenue or grow our business. 
 
 For additional information, see Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 
 Competition 
 
 We believe our main sources of competition fall into three categories: 
 
 ground-based vehicle transportation, including personal vehicles and ride-sharing services; 
 
 other eVTOL manufacturers and UAM service providers; and 
 
 existing incumbent aircraft and helicopter charter services. 
 3 

Table of Content s 

We believe the primary competitive factors between us and other eVTOL manufacturers and UAM service providers will be the following: 
 
 eVTOL aircraft performance, including payload, noise, charging time, quality, reliability and safety; 
 
 cost of the UAM service offering; 
 
 eVTOL aircraft manufacturing capacity and efficiency, including the availability of raw materials and supplier parts necessary to manufacture eVTOL aircraft at scale; 
 
 UAM service capabilities, including overall customer experience; and 
 
 hiring the talent necessary to effectively design, develop, certify and commercialize eVTOL aircraft. 
 
 While we believe we will be able to compete favorably across these factors, we expect this industry to be dynamic and increasingly competitive and it is possible that our competitors could get to market before us, either generally or in specific markets. For additional information about competition, see Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 
 Government Regulation and Compliance 
 
 In the near-term, we will continue to focus our efforts on obtaining certification of our aircraft in the U.S. and engaging with key decision makers in the U.S. cities in which we plan to initially operate our aircraft. Our aircraft will be required to comply with regulations governing aircraft design, production and airworthiness. In the U.S., this primarily includes regulations put forth by the FAA and Department of Transportation DOT ). Outside the U.S., similar requirements are generally administered by the national civil aviation and transportation authorities of each country. The following describes the key certifications necessary for us to design, manufacture, sell and operate our eVTOL aircraft in the United States: 
 
 Designing our aircraft : Type Certification is the FAA s approval process for new aircraft designs and covers the design of the aircraft and all component parts. Our aircraft will be required to meet the criteria set forth by the FAA through its special class process under Part 21.17(b). The first step is agreeing to the certification basis. In November of 2022, we finalized our agreement to that certification basis with the FAA through a G-1 Issue Paper. As part of the FAA s Type Certification process for a special class aircraft, the Airworthiness Criteria (i.e., the certification requirements for the particular aircraft) must then be published in the Federal Register for public comment. In December of 2022, the proposed Airworthiness Criteria for our Midnight aircraft were published in the Federal Register by the FAA. Following the comment period, the FAA will finalize those Airworthiness Criteria. The next step is to agree on the Means of Compliance with the FAA. As a reminder, the Means of Compliance is the detailed list of design, analysis and testing standards that will be used to demonstrate that the aircraft is safe and complies with the Airworthiness Criteria. We submitted a comprehensive proposal for Midnight s Means of Compliance to the FAA back in December of 2021. Since our last update, many more of our Means of Compliance have been agreed to with the FAA resulting in a majority having now been agreed to. Based on our technical discussions with the subject matter experts at the FAA, we don t see any significant design risks with the remaining Means of Compliance areas that have not yet been agreed to. Over the coming weeks and months, we will continue to work with the FAA to close out our remaining Means of Compliance. As we ve discussed previously, we are working in parallel with the FAA to review and agree on our subject specific certification plans SSCPs ). SSCPs provide precise detail on each of the specific tests and analyses that will be completed during the implementation phase of the project, in which we actually demonstrate to the FAA that Midnight meets all relevant FAA requirements necessary to receive Type Certification. We have now submitted a number of our SSCPs to the FAA and are targeting to submit the remaining SSCPs on a rolling basis between now and the end of April. 
 
 Producing our aircraft : Production certification is the FAA s approval for us to be able to manufacture our aircraft under an FAA-approved type design. To obtain production certification from the FAA, we must demonstrate that our organization and our personnel, facilities, and quality system can produce our aircraft such that they conform to its approved design. As discussed above, we are working to develop the systems and processes we will need to obtain FAA production certification with the goal of obtaining such certification shortly following receipt of our Type Certification. 
 4 

Table of Content s 

Selling our aircraft : Airworthiness certification from the FAA signifies that an aircraft meets its approved type design and is in a condition for safe operation in the National Airspace System. As is the industry standard, each of the aircraft manufactured by us will need to be issued an airworthiness certificate. We expect that the airworthiness certificates issued to our aircraft will be a Standard Airworthiness certificate in the Normal Category, as defined by the FAA. 
 
 Operating our UAM service : The DOT and the FAA have regulatory authority over air transportation operations in the United States. To operate our UAM service, we believe we will be required to hold an FAA Air Carrier Certificate and operate under Part 135 of the FARs and register as an air taxi operator at DOT. In addition, takeoff and landing locations (e.g., airports and heliports) typically require state and local approval for zoning and land use and their ongoing use are subject to regulations by local authorities. Lastly, we will need to ensure we have sufficient commercial pilots available for our planned operations. We expect that as we build out our UAM service there will be additional federal, state and local laws, regulations and other requirements that will cover our operations. Therefore, we have already begun, and will continue to grow, our engagement and collaboration with the cities in which we intend to operate our UAM service in an effort to ensure that it operates in a safe manner. 
 
 We believe we are in material compliance with laws and regulations currently applicable to our business. We continue to monitor existing and pending laws and regulations and while the impact of regulatory changes cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect compliance to have a material adverse effect on our business. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report for a more comprehensive description of risks related to government regulation affecting our business. 
 
 Facilities 
 
 We are currently headquartered in San Jose, California with additional offices, research and development facilities, flight test facilities and manufacturing facilities in Palo Alto, Mountain View, San Jose, and Salinas, California, as well as in Covington, Georgia. See the Manufacturing Operations Supply Chain Build-Out section above for more information on the planned build out of our manufacturing facilities. 
 
 Our Employees and Human Capital 
 
 Our strategy has been and continues to be to hire top talent across various disciplines to build the best eVTOL aircraft and UAM service possible. We believe we have assembled a world-class team with extensive experience in aerodynamics, electric propulsion, batteries, and aircraft manufacturing, as well as key personnel necessary to help us ensure that we progress efficiently through the certification of our aircraft and towards the commercialization of our business. The fabric of this team is that we are curious, talented, and passionate people. We embrace collaboration and creativity and encourage the iteration of ideas to address the complex challenges our industry faces. We believe our team and culture differentiates us versus our competitors and will be a key driver of our long-term success. 
 
 Because we recognize that our people are critical for our continued success, we work hard to create an environment where employees can have fulfilling careers, and be happy, healthy, and productive. Furthermore, we are committed to making diversity, equity, and inclusion a part of everything we do and to growing a workforce that is representative of the cities we plan to serve. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had a workforce of 483 people, including 390 full-time employees and 93 contingent workers. We have not experienced any work stoppages and generally consider our relationship with our employees to be good. None of our employees are subject to a collective bargaining agreement or represented by a labor union. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 We rely on various intellectual property laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual terms to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. We have registered and applied for the registration of U.S. and international trademarks, service marks and domain names. We have also filed patent applications in the United States and foreign countries covering certain of our technology. In general, our issued patents expire between 2040 and 2043. 
 
 For additional information, see Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 
 5 

Table of Content s 

 Business Combination 
 
 On September 16, 2021 (the Closing Date ), Archer Aviation Inc., a Delaware corporation (prior to the closing of the Business Combination (as defined below), Legacy Archer ), Atlas Crest Investment Corp., a Delaware corporation Atlas ), and Artemis Acquisition Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Atlas Merger Sub ), consummated the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, dated February 10, 2021, as amended and restated on July 29, 2021, by and among Atlas, Legacy Archer and Merger Sub (the Business Combination Agreement ), following approval at a special meeting of the stockholders of Atlas held on September 14, 2021 (the Special Meeting ). Unless otherwise specified or unless the context otherwise requires, references herein to Legacy Archer refer to Archer prior to the Business Combination (as defined below) and references herein to New Archer refer to Archer following the Business Combination. 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, a business combination of Legacy Archer and Atlas was effected by the merger of Merger Sub with and into Legacy Archer, with Legacy Archer surviving the merger (the Surviving Entity as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Atlas (the Merger, and, collectively with the other transactions described in the Business Combination Agreement, the Business Combination ). Following the consummation of the Merger on the Closing Date, the Surviving Entity changed its name from Archer Aviation Inc. to Archer Aviation Operating Corp., and Atlas changed its name from Atlas Crest Investment Corp. to Archer Aviation Inc. and it became the successor registrant with the SEC. Prior to the closing of the Business Combination, the Class A common stock and public warrants of Atlas were listed on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbols ACIC and ACIC WS, respectively. New Archer Class A common stock and public warrants are currently listed on the NYSE under the symbols ACHR and ACHR WS, respectively. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 Our website is located at www.archer.com and our investor relations website is located at investors.archer.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and our Proxy Statements, and any amendments to these reports, are and will be available through our investor relations website, free of charge, after we file them with the SEC. 
 
 Webcasts of our earnings calls are made available via our investor relations website. Our investor relations website also provides notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance and certain other news and information that may be material or of interest to our investors, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases. We also share news and business updates about Archer that may be material or of interest to our investors on the investor relations section of our website (investors.archer.com) and the news portion of our website (www.archer.com/news), which includes our blog posts, as well as on social media, including Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/FlyArcher), Twitter (@ArcherAviation and @adamgoldstein13), LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/company/flyarcher and https://www.linkedin.com/in/adam-goldstein-7b662121/) and YouTube (https://www.youtube.com/c/ArcherAviation). 
 
 Further, corporate governance information, including our amended and restated certificate of inc orporation, amended and restated bylaws, corpor ate governance guidelines, board committee charters, and code of business conduct and ethics, and other policies, are also available on our investor relations website under the heading Governance Documents. 
 
 The contents of the websites referred to above are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 6 

Table of Content s 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Investing in our securities involves risks. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report, including Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before deciding whether to purchase any of our securities. Our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently believe are not material. If any of these risks actually occur, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. Unless otherwise indicated, references in these risk factors to our business being harmed will include harm to our business, reputation, brand, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. In any such event, the market price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 We are an early-stage company with a history of losses, and we expect to incur significant expenses and continuing losses for the foreseeable future. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we incurred a net loss of 317.3 million, and we have incurred a net loss of approximately 690.9 million since inception. We believe that we will continue to incur operating and net losses each quarter until at least the time we begin generating significant revenues from our planned lines of business, which is not expected to occur until late 2024 or 2025, and may occur later or not at all. Even if we are able to successfully launch our Archer UAM or Archer Direct lines of business, there can be no assurance that such lines of business will be financially viable. 
 We expect the rate at which we will incur losses could be significantly higher in future periods as we: 
 continue to design, develop, manufacture, certify and market our aircraft; 
 continue to design and develop the Archer UAM network; 
 continue to utilize third parties to assist us with the design, development, manufacturing, certification and marketing of our aircraft and UAM network; 
 continue to attract, retain and motivate talented employees; 
 expand our aircraft manufacturing capabilities, including costs associated with the manufacturing of our aircraft; 
 build up inventories of parts and components for our aircraft; 
 manufacture an inventory of our aircraft; 
 expand our design, development and servicing capabilities; 
 increase our sales and marketing activities and develop our distribution infrastructure; 
 work with third-party partners to develop pilot training programs; and 
 increase our general and administrative functions to support our growing operations and operations as a public company. 
 Because we expect to incur the costs and expenses from these efforts before we receive any significant revenues with respect thereto, our losses in future periods are expected to be significant. In addition, we may find that these efforts are more expensive than we currently anticipate or that these efforts may not result in the revenues we expect, which could further increase our losses. 
 We are still developing our eVTOL aircraft, have not yet obtained FAA certification of our eVTOL aircraft under development and we have yet to manufacture or deliver any aircraft to customers, which makes evaluating our business and future prospects difficult and increases the risk of investment. 
 We were incorporated in October 2018 and have a limited operating history in designing, developing, and working to certify an eVTOL aircraft. Our eVTOL aircraft is in the development stage and we do not expect our first production aircraft to be certified by the FAA until 2024, 2025 or later. We are still working with the FAA in an attempt to obtain Type Certification 
 7 

Table of Content s 

 of our eVTOL aircraft. As a result, we have no experience as an organization in volume manufacturing of aircraft. Some of our current and potential competitors are larger and have substantially greater resources than we have and expect to have in the future. As a result, those competitors may be able to devote greater resources to the development of their current and future technologies, the promotion and sale of their offerings, and/or offer their technologies at lower prices. In particular, our competitors may be able to receive Type, Airworthiness or Production certification from the FAA covering their eVTOL aircraft prior to us receiving such certifications. Our current and potential competitors may also establish cooperative or strategic relationships amongst themselves or with third parties that may further enhance their resources and offerings. Further, it is possible that domestic or foreign companies or governments, some with greater experience in the aerospace industry or greater financial resources than we possess, will seek to provide products or services that compete directly or indirectly with ours in the future. Any such foreign competitor, for example, could benefit from subsidies from, or other protective measures by, its home country. 
 We cannot assure you that we or our partners will be able to develop manufacturing and supply chain capabilities that will enable us to meet the quality, price, engineering, design and production standards, as well as the production volumes, required to successfully commercialize our aircraft. You should consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and significant challenges we face as a new entrant into a new industry, including, among other things, with respect to our ability to: 
 design and manufacture safe, reliable and quality aircraft on an ongoing basis; 
 obtain the necessary regulatory approvals in a timely manner, including receipt of FAA certifications covering our aircraft and, in turn, any other government approvals necessary for manufacturing, marketing, selling and operating the Archer UAM network or selling our aircraft through Archer Direct; 
 build a well-recognized and respected brand; 
 establish and expand our customer base; 
 successfully market not just our aircraft but also the other services we intend to provide, such as aerial ride sharing services; 
 successfully service our aircraft after sales and maintain a good flow of spare parts and customer goodwill; 
 improve and maintain our operational efficiency; 
 successfully execute our manufacturing and production model and maintain a reliable, secure, and scalable technology infrastructure; 
 predict our future revenues and appropriately budget for our expenses; 
 attract, retain and motivate talented employees; 
 anticipate trends that may emerge and affect our business; 
 anticipate and adapt to changing market conditions, including technological developments and changes in competitive landscape; and 
 navigate an evolving and complex regulatory environment. 
 If we fail to adequately address any or all of these risks and challenges, our business may be harmed. 
 Our business plan requires a significant amount of capital. In addition, our future capital needs may require us to issue additional equity or debt securities that may dilute our stockholders or introduce covenants that may restrict our operations or our ability to pay dividends. 
 
 We expect our capital expenditures and operating expenses to continue to be significant in the foreseeable future as we develop our aircraft and business, and that our level of capital expenditures and operating expenses will be significantly affected by the aircraft development and certification process as well as subsequent customer demand for our aircraft. We believe our current cash balances will be sufficient to fund our current operating plan for at least the next 12 months. However, we expect that over the coming years we will continue to make significant investments in our business, including development of our aircraft, bring up of manufacturing capabilities, the infrastructure to support Archer UAM, and investments in our brand. In addition, over the next few years we expect to continue to incur ongoing expenses related to the Wisk Aero LLC Wisk 
 8 

Table of Content s 

 litigation, which are difficult to predict. See our risk factor titled: We have been sued by a competitor alleging misappropriation by us of certain of their trade secrets and infringement by us of certain of their patents. These proceedings, as well as any other proceedings relating to these allegations and similar allegations or legal proceedings in the future, are likely to be time-consuming and expensive and, if adversely determined, could delay, limit or prevent our ability to commercialize our aircraft or otherwise execute on our business plans. 
 
 These investments and expenses may be greater than currently anticipated or there may be investments or expenses that are unforeseen, and we may not succeed in acquiring sufficient capital to offset these expenses and achieve significant revenue generation. We have a limited operating history and no historical data on the demand for our planned Archer UAM and Archer Direct businesses. As a result, our future capital requirements are difficult to predict and our actual capital requirements may be different from those we currently anticipate. We may need to seek equity or debt financing to finance a portion of our future capital requirements. Such financing might not be available to us when needed or on terms that are acceptable, or at all. 
 
 Our ability to obtain the necessary capital to carry out our business plan is subject to a number of factors, including general economic and market conditions, as well as investor sentiment regarding our planned business. These factors may make the timing, amount, terms and conditions of any such financing unattractive or unavailable to us. The current macroeconomic environment may increase our cost of financing or make it more difficult to raise additional capital on favorable terms, if at all. If we are unable to raise sufficient capital, we may have to significantly reduce our spending and/or delay or cancel our planned activities. We might not be able to obtain any financing, and we might not have sufficient capital to conduct our business as projected, both of which could mean that we would be forced to curtail or discontinue our operations. 
 
 Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or the FDIC, took control and was appointed receiver of Silicon Valley Bank, or SVB. Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership. Although a statement by the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC stated that all depositors of SVB would have access to all of their money after only one business day of closure, including funds held in uninsured deposit accounts, borrowers under credit agreements, letters of credit and certain other financial instruments with SVB, Signature Bank or any other financial institution that is placed into receivership by the FDIC may be unable to access undrawn amounts thereunder. If any of our counterparties to any such instruments were to be placed into receivership, we may be unable to access such funds. As of March 15, 2023, our exposure to SVB is immaterial and we do not have any exposure to Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. If other banks and financial institutions enter receivership or become insolvent in the future in response to financial conditions affecting the banking system and financial markets, our ability to access our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments may be threatened and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 In addition, our future capital needs and other business needs or plans could require us to issue additional equity or debt securities or obtain a credit facility. The issuance of additional equity or equity-linked securities could dilute our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could result in operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations or our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. 
 If we cannot raise additional capital when we need or want to, our operations and prospects could be negatively affected. 
 The markets for our offerings are still in development, and if such markets do not materialize, or grow more slowly than we expect or fail to grow as large as we expect, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 
 The markets for eVTOL aircraft are still in development, and our success in these markets is dependent upon our ability to effectively design, develop, and certify eVTOL aircraft, market and gain traction of air urban air mobility as a substitute for existing methods of transportation and the effectiveness of our other marketing and growth strategies. If the public does not perceive urban air mobility as beneficial, or chooses not to adopt urban air mobility as a result of concerns regarding safety, noise, affordability or for other reasons, then the market for our offerings may not materialize, may develop more slowly than we expect or may not achieve the growth potential we expect, any of which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Growth of our business will require significant investments in our infrastructure, technology, and sales and marketing efforts. If our business does not have sufficient capital required to support these investments, our results of operations will be negatively affected. Further, our ability to effectively manage growth and expansion of our operations will also require us to 
 9 

Table of Content s 

 enhance our operational systems, internal controls and infrastructure, human resources policies and reporting systems. These enhancements will require significant capital expenditures and allocation of valuable management and employee resources. 
 The eVTOL aircraft industry may not continue to develop, eVTOL aircraft may not be adopted by the market, eVTOL aircraft may not be certified by government authorities or eVTOL aircraft may not be an attractive alternative to existing modes of transportation, any of which could adversely affect our prospects, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 eVTOL aircraft involve a complex set of technologies, which we must continue to further develop and rely on our Archer Direct and Archer UAM customers to adopt. However, before eVTOL aircraft can fly passengers, we must receive requisite certifications and approvals from applicable governmental authorities. There are currently no eVTOL aircraft certified by the FAA for commercial operations in the United States, and there is no assurance that our design, development and certification efforts will result in our receiving FAA certification of our aircraft. In order to achieve FAA certification, the performance, reliability and safety of eVTOL aircraft must be established, none of which can be assured. In particular, there is a risk that we will not obtain one or more certifications from the FAA that are required for ultimate commercial use of our aircraft, or will experience delays in receiving one or more of these certifications. Even if our eVTOL aircraft receive type certification, production certification, and airworthiness certification, eVTOL aircraft operators must conform eVTOL aircraft to their operational licenses, which requires FAA approval, and individual pilots also must be licensed and approved by the FAA to fly eVTOL aircraft, which could contribute to delays in any widespread use of eVTOL aircraft and potentially limit the number of eVTOL aircraft operators available to purchase aircraft from or partner with us. 
 Additional challenges to the adoption of our eVTOL aircraft and UAM network, all of which are outside of our control, include: 
 market acceptance of eVTOL aircraft; 
 state, federal or municipal regulatory and licensing requirements for our eVTOL aircraft and UAM network operations; 
 necessary changes to existing infrastructure to enable adoption, including installation of necessary charging and other equipment; and 
 public perception regarding the safety of eVTOL aircraft. 
 There are a number of existing laws, regulations and standards that may apply to eVTOL aircraft, including standards that were not originally intended to apply to electric aircraft. The promulgation of additional federal, state, and local laws and regulations that address eVTOL aircraft more specifically could delay our ability to commercially launch our eVTOL aircraft and UAM network. In addition, depending on the nature of any revised regulations, we may need to modify our approach to certification, it may be difficult for us to timely comply with such regulations, and we may not be able to timely achieve FAA type certification for our aircraft. Further, we have designed our aircraft to be certified under the current FAA regulatory framework. If the applicable FAA regulations are substantially changed or new regulations are adopted, we may need to modify the design of our aircraft to comply with the new regulations, which could cause us to incur significant expenses and scheduling delays in commercializing our aircraft and launching UAM services, which could adversely affect our prospects, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, there can be no assurance that the market will accept eVTOL aircraft, that we will be able to execute on our business strategy, or that our offerings utilizing eVTOL aircraft will obtain the necessary government approvals or be successful in the market. There may be heightened public skepticism of this nascent technology and its adopters. In particular, there could be negative public perception surrounding eVTOL aircraft, including the overall safety and the potential for injuries or death occurring as a result of accidents involving eVTOL aircraft, regardless of whether any such safety incidents occur involving us. Any of the foregoing risks and challenges could adversely affect our prospects, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our future success depends on the continuing efforts of our key personnel and on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel and senior management. 
 
 Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to attract and retain highly skilled personnel. In particular, we are highly dependent on the contributions of Adam Goldstein, our founder and CEO, as well as other members of our management team. The loss of any key personnel could make it more difficult to achieve our business plans. Although we have generally entered into employment offer letters with our key personnel, these letters have no specific duration and provide for at-will employment, which means our key personnel may terminate their employment relationship with us at any time. 
 10 

Table of Content s 

Compensation packages for highly skilled personnel have increased over time and will likely continue to increase, and competition for highly skilled personnel is often intense, especially in the San Francisco Bay Area market where our headquarters is located, and we may incur significant costs to attract and retain our personnel. We may not be successful in attracting, integrating, or retaining qualified personnel to fulfill our current or future needs. We have, from time to time, experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining highly skilled personnel with appropriate qualifications. In addition, job candidates and existing personnel often consider the value of the equity awards they receive in connection with their service. If the perceived value of our equity or equity awards declines, it may adversely affect our ability to retain highly skilled personnel. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business, operating results, financial condition and future growth prospects could be harmed. 
 We may be unable to manage our future growth effectively, which could make it difficult to execute our business strategy. 
 If our business grows as planned, of which there can be no assurance, we will need to expand our sales, marketing, operations, and the number of partners with whom we do business. Our continued growth could increase the strain on our resources, and we could experience operating difficulties, including difficulties in hiring, training and managing an increasing number of personnel. These difficulties may result in the erosion of our brand image, divert the attention of management and key personnel and impact financial and operational results. The continued expansion of our business may also require additional office space for administrative support. If we are unable to drive commensurate growth, these costs, which include lease commitments, marketing costs and headcount, could result in decreased margins, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Operation of aircraft involves a degree of inherent risk. We could suffer losses and adverse publicity stemming from any accident involving small aircraft, helicopters or charter flights and in particular from any accident involving eVTOL aircraft. 
 The operation of aircraft is subject to various risks, and demand for air transportation, including our urban air mobility offerings, has and may in the future be impacted by accidents or other safety issues regardless of whether such accidents or issues involve our eVTOL aircraft or third-party eVTOL aircraft. Air transportation hazards, such as adverse weather conditions and fire and mechanical failures, may result in death or injury to personnel and passengers, which could impact client or passenger confidence in a particular aircraft type or the air transportation services industry as a whole and could lead to a reduction in passenger volume, particularly if such accidents or disasters were due to a safety fault. Safety statistics for air travel are reported by multiple parties, including the DOT and National Transportation Safety Board, and are often separated into categories of transportation. Because our urban air mobility offerings may include a variety of transportation methods, fliers may have a hard time determining how safe urban air mobility services are and their confidence in urban air mobility may be impacted by, among other things, the classification of accidents in ways that reflect poorly on urban air mobility services or the transportation methods urban air mobility services utilize. 
 We believe that safety and reliability are two of the primary attributes fliers consider when selecting air transportation services. Our failure to maintain standards of safety and reliability that are satisfactory to fliers may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain customers. We are at risk of adverse publicity stemming from any public incident involving us, our people or our brand. Such an incident could involve the actual or alleged behavior of our employees, contractors, or partners. Further, if our eVTOL aircraft, whether operated by us or a third party, is involved in a public incident, accident, catastrophe or regulatory enforcement action, we could be exposed to significant reputational harm and potential legal liability. The insurance we carry may be inapplicable or inadequate to cover any such incident, accident, catastrophe or action. In the event that our insurance is inapplicable or inadequate, we may be forced to bear substantial losses from an incident or accident. In addition, any such incident, accident, catastrophe or action involving our eVTOL aircraft or eVTOL aircraft generally could create an adverse public perception, which could harm our reputation, result in air travelers being reluctant to use our services, and adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we or one of our third-party aircraft operators were to suffer an accident or lose the ability to fly certain aircraft due to safety concerns or investigations, we or such operators may be required to cancel or delay certain flights until replacement aircraft and personnel are obtained. 
 Our operations may also be negatively impacted by accidents or other safety-related events or investigations that occur in or near the take off and landing infrastructure we plan to utilize for our urban air mobility services. For example, if an accident were to occur at a heliport we rely on for certain flights in the future (assuming we are granted government operating authority to do so), we may be unable to fly into or out of that heliport until the accident has been cleared, any damage to the facilities have been repaired and any insurance, regulatory or other investigations have been completed. 
 11 

Table of Content s 

 Additionally, the battery packs in our aircraft are expected to use lithium-ion cells. On rare occasions, lithium-ion cells can rapidly release the energy they contain by venting smoke and flames in a manner that can ignite nearby materials as well as other lithium-ion cells. While we have taken measures to enhance the safety of our electric propulsion system, a field or testing failure of our aircraft could occur in the future, which could subject us to lawsuits, product recalls, or redesign efforts, all of which would be time-consuming and expensive. Also, negative public perceptions regarding the suitability of lithium-ion cells for aerospace applications or any future incident involving lithium-ion cells such as an aircraft or other fire, even if such incident does not involve our aircraft, could seriously harm our business. 
 From time to time we are expected to store varying amounts of lithium-ion cells at our facilities. In addition, our manufacturing partners and suppliers are expected to store a significant number of lithium-ion cells at their facilities. Any mishandling of battery cells may cause disruption to the operation of our facilities or our manufacturers. A safety issue or fire related to the cells could disrupt operations or cause manufacturing delays. Such damage or injury could lead to adverse publicity and potentially a safety recall. Moreover, any such failure of a competitor s eVTOL aircraft may cause indirect adverse publicity for us and our aircraft. Such adverse publicity could negatively affect our brand and harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 We currently rely and will continue to rely on third-party partners to provide and store the parts and components required to manufacture our aircraft, and to supply critical components and systems, which exposes us to a number of risks and uncertainties outside our control. 
 We are substantially reliant on our relationships with our suppliers and service providers for the parts and components in our aircraft. If any of these suppliers or service partners were to experience delays, disruptions, capacity constraints or quality control problems in their manufacturing operations, or if they choose to not do business with us, we would have significant difficulty in procuring and producing our aircraft, and our business prospects would be significantly harmed. These disruptions would negatively impact our certification timeline, timing and amount of revenues, competitive position and reputation. In addition, our suppliers or service partners may rely on certain tax incentives that may be subject to change or elimination in the future, which could result in additional costs and delays in production if a new manufacturing site must be obtained. Further, if we are unable to successfully manage our relationship with our suppliers or service partners, the quality and availability of our aircraft may be harmed. Our suppliers or service partners could, under some circumstances, decline to accept new purchase orders from or otherwise reduce their business with us. If our suppliers or service partners stopped manufacturing our aircraft components for any reason or reduced manufacturing capacity, we may be unable to replace the lost manufacturing capacity on a timely and comparatively cost-effective basis, which would adversely impact our operations. 
 The manufacturing facilities of our suppliers or service partners and the equipment used to manufacture the components for our aircraft would be costly to replace and could require substantial lead time to replace and qualify for use. The manufacturing facilities of our suppliers or service partners may be harmed or rendered inoperable by natural or man-made disasters, including earthquakes, flooding, fire and power outages, or by public health issues, such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, which may render it difficult or impossible for us to manufacture our aircraft for some period of time. The inability to manufacture our aircraft components or the backlog that could develop if the manufacturing facilities of our suppliers or service partners are inoperable for even a short period of time may result in a delay in our certification timeline, as well as the loss of customers or harm to our reputation. 
 We do not control our suppliers or service partners or such parties labor and other legal compliance practices, including their environmental, health and safety practices. If our current suppliers or service partners, or any other suppliers or service partners which we may use in the future, violate U.S. or foreign laws or regulations, we may be subjected to extra duties, significant monetary penalties, adverse publicity, the seizure and forfeiture of products that we are attempting to import or the loss of our import privileges. The effects of these factors could render the conduct of our business in a particular country undesirable or impractical and have a negative impact on our operating results. 
 We are or may be subject to risks associated with strategic relationships or other opportunities and may not be able to identify adequate strategic relationship opportunities, or form strategic relationships, in the future. 
 We have entered into strategic relationships, and may in the future enter into additional strategic relationships or joint ventures or minority equity investments, in each case with various third parties for the production or operation of our aircraft as well as with other collaborators with capabilities on data and analytics and engineering. These alliances subject us to a number of risks, including risks associated with sharing proprietary information, non-performance by the third-party and increased expenses in establishing new strategic relationships, any of which may adversely affect our business. We may have limited ability to monitor or control the actions of these third parties and, to the extent any of these strategic third parties suffer negative 
 12 

Table of Content s 

 publicity or harm to their reputation from events relating to their business, we may also suffer negative publicity or harm to our reputation by virtue of our association with any such third party. 
 Strategic business relationships will be an important factor in the growth and success of our business. However, there are no assurances that we will be able to continue to identify or secure suitable business relationship opportunities in the future or our competitors may capitalize on such opportunities before we do. Moreover, identifying such opportunities could require substantial management time and resources, and negotiating and financing relationships involves significant costs and uncertainties. If we are unable to successfully source and execute on strategic relationship opportunities in the future, our overall growth could be impaired, and our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 When appropriate opportunities arise, we may acquire or license additional assets, products, technologies or businesses that are complementary to our existing business. In addition to possible stockholder approval, we may need approvals and licenses from relevant government authorities for the acquisitions or licenses and to comply with any applicable laws and regulations, which could result in increased delay and costs, and may disrupt our business strategy if we fail to do so. Furthermore, acquisitions or licenses and the subsequent integration of new assets and businesses into our own would likely require significant attention from our management and could result in a diversion of resources from our existing business, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our operations. Acquired or licensed assets or businesses may not generate the financial results we expect. Acquisitions or licenses could result in the use of substantial amounts of cash, potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the occurrence of significant goodwill impairment charges, amortization expenses for other intangible assets and exposure to potential unknown liabilities of the acquired business. Moreover, the costs of identifying and consummating acquisitions may be significant. 
 The United Purchase Agreement is conditional and is currently the only order for our aircraft. If the order conditions are not met, or if this order is otherwise canceled, modified or delayed, our prospects, results of operations, liquidity and cash flow will be harmed. 
 The United Purchase Agreement is conditional and is currently the only order for our aircraft. Those conditions include, among other things, us receiving certification of our aircraft by the FAA and further negotiation and reaching mutual agreement on certain material terms, such as aircraft specifications, warranties, usage and transfer of the aircraft, performance guarantees, delivery periods, most favored nation provisions, the type and extent of assistance to be provided by United in obtaining certification of the aircraft for its intended use, territorial restrictions, rights to jointly developed intellectual property, escalation adjustments and other matters. The obligations of United to consummate the order will arise only after all such material terms are agreed by the parties. Further, and in addition to other termination rights set forth in the United Purchase Agreement and the Collaboration Agreement with United (the United Collaboration Agreement ), if the parties do not agree on such material terms, either party will have the right to terminate the agreements if such party determines in its discretion that it is not likely that such material terms will be agreed in a manner that is consistent with such party s business and operational interests (as those interests may change from time to time). If this order is canceled, modified or delayed, or otherwise not consummated, or if we are otherwise unable to convert our strategic relationships or collaborations into sales revenue, our prospects, results of operations, liquidity and cash flow will be affected. 
 Our business may be adversely affected by the current macroeconomic challenges, including the effects of inflation, rising interest rates or an economic downturn or recession. 
 Current macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, rising interest rates and any economic downturn or recession in certain regions or worldwide have, and may continue to, adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The existence of inflation in certain economies has resulted in, and may continue to result in, rising interest rates and capital costs, supply shortages, increased costs of labor, components, manufacturing and shipping, as well as weakening exchange rates and other similar effects. As a result, we have experienced and may continue to experience cost increases. Although we take measures to mitigate the effects of inflation and rising interest rates, if these measures are not effective, our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity could be materially adversely affected. Even if such measures are effective, there could be a difference between the timing of when those beneficial actions impact our results or operations and when the cost of inflation is incurred. 
 13 

Table of Content s 

 Our aerial ride sharing operations will initially be concentrated in a small number of urban areas, which makes our business particularly susceptible to infrastructure, economic, social, weather, regulatory conditions or other circumstances affecting these metropolitan areas. 
 We expect to initially launch our aerial ride sharing offering in limited jurisdictions subject to receipt of the necessary approvals. Accordingly, our business and results of operations are particularly susceptible to adverse infrastructure, economic, social, weather, regulatory, and other conditions in these markets. As a result of our geographic concentration, our business and financial results relating to our aerial ride sharing operations will be particularly susceptible to the impacts of these conditions or other circumstances in each of these metropolitan areas. In addition, any changes to local laws or regulations within these urban areas that affect our ability to operate or increase our operating expenses in these markets would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Disruption of operations at the locations where our take off and landing facilities are expected to initially be located, whether caused by labor relations, utility or communications issues or challenges with obtaining charging infrastructure, could harm our business. Certain locations may regulate flight operations, such as limiting the number of take offs and landings, which could reduce our aerial ride sharing operations. Bans on eVTOL aircraft operations or the introduction of any new permitting requirements would significantly disrupt our operations. In addition, demand for our Archer UAM services could be impacted if drop-offs or pick-ups of fliers become inconvenient because of take off and landing rules or regulations, or more expensive for fliers because of take off and landing related fees, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 We expect concentration in large metropolitan areas and heavily trafficked airports also makes our business susceptible to an outbreak of a contagious disease, such as the Ebola virus, Middle East Respiratory Syndrome, Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome, H1N1 influenza virus, avian flu, Zika virus, COVID-19, both due to the risk of a contagious disease affecting the urban area through the high volume of travelers flying into and out of such areas and the ease at which contagious diseases can spread through densely populated areas. 
 Natural disasters, including tornados, hurricanes, floods and earthquakes, and severe weather conditions, such as heavy rains, strong winds, dense fog, blizzards or snowstorms, may damage our facilities or those of our Archer Direct customers or otherwise disrupt flights into or out of the vertiports from which our aircraft arrive or depart. 
 Major urban areas, including those in which we expect to operate, are also at risk of terrorist attacks, actual or threatened acts of war, political disruptions and other disruptions. The occurrence of one or more natural disasters, severe weather events, epidemic or pandemic outbreaks, terrorist attacks or disruptive political events in regions where our facilities are or will be located, or where our Archer Direct customers facilities are located, could adversely affect our business. 
 Our long-term success and ability to significantly grow our revenue will depend, in part, on our ability to establish and expand into international markets and/or expand market segments. 
 Our future results will depend, in part, on our ability to establish and expand our presence within international markets and may also depend on our expansion into additional market segments, such as defense or logistics/cargo. Our ability to expand into these markets will depend upon our ability to obtain the necessary government approvals, adapt to international markets and new market segments, understand the local customer base, and address any unique local technological requirements. Our ability to expand internationally involves various risks, including, but not limited to, the need to invest significant resources in such expansion, and the possibility that returns on such investments will not be achieved in the near future or at all in these less familiar competitive environments. We may also choose to conduct our international business through joint ventures, minority investments or other partnerships with local companies as well as co-marketing with other established brands. If we are unable to identify partners or negotiate favorable terms, our international growth may be limited. In addition, we may incur significant expenses in advance of generating significant revenues as we attempt to establish our presence in particular international markets or market segments outside of aircraft sales and operating a UAM network to carry passengers. 
 If we experience harm to our reputation and brand, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Continuing to increase the strength of our reputation and brand for achieving our business plans is critical to our ability to attract and retain personnel, customers, investors, and other business partners. In addition, our growth strategy may include expansion through joint ventures, minority investments or other partnerships with strategic business partners, which may include event activations and cross-marketing with other established brands, all of which may be dependent on our ability to build our reputation and brand recognition. The successful development of our reputation and brand will depend on a number of 
 14 

Table of Content s 

 factors, many of which are outside our control. Negative perception of our technology, industry or our company may harm our reputation and brand, including as a result of: 
 complaints or negative publicity or reviews about our aircraft or service offerings from either our Archer UAM or Archer Direct customers or negative publicity reviews about other brands or events we are associated with, even if factually incorrect or based on isolated incidents; 
 changes to our operations, safety and security, privacy or other policies that users or others perceive as overly restrictive, unclear or inconsistent with our values; 
 illegal, negligent, reckless or otherwise inappropriate behavior by our management team or other employees, our Archer Direct customers, our Archer UAM customers or our other business partners; 
 actual or perceived disruptions or defects in our aircraft or aerial ride sharing platform, such as data security incidents, platform outages, payment processing disruptions or other incidents that impact the availability, reliability or security of our offerings; 
 litigation over, or investigations by regulators into, our aircraft or our operations or those of our Archer Direct customers or other business partners; 
 a failure to operate our business in a way that is consistent with our values; 
 negative responses by our Archer Direct or Archer UAM customers to urban air mobility offerings; 
 perception of our treatment of employees, contractors, Archer Direct or Archer UAM customers or our other business partners and our response to their sentiment related to political or social causes or actions of management; or 
 any of the foregoing with respect to our competitors, to the extent such resulting negative perception affects the public s perception of us or our industry as a whole. 
 In addition, changes we may make to enhance and improve our offerings and balance the needs and interests of our Archer Direct and Archer UAM customers may be viewed positively from one group s perspective (such as our Archer UAM customers) but negatively from another s perspective (such as third-party companies that purchase and operate our aircraft), or may not be viewed positively by either our Archer Direct or Archer UAM customers. If we fail to balance the interests of these two different customer bases or make changes that they view negatively, our customers may stop purchasing our aircraft or stop using our Archer UAM service or take fewer flights, any of which could adversely affect our reputation, brand, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our ability to effectively compete and generate revenue from our products and services depends upon our ability to distinguish our products and services from our competitors and their products and services. 
 Our ability to compete effectively is dependent on many factors, including, without limitation, the following: 
 
 speed to market of our initial aircraft and UAM services; 
 
 effective strategy and execution of aircraft and service offerings; 
 
 product and service safety and performance; 
 
 product and service pricing; and 
 
 quality of customer support. 
 
 We will have to demonstrate to potential customers that our products and services are attractive alternatives to other transportation offerings, by differentiating our products and services on the basis of such factors as innovation, performance, brand name, service, and price. This is difficult to do, especially in a competitive market. Some of our competitors may have more established customer relationships than we do, which could inhibit our market penetration efforts. If we are unable to compete effectively, our revenue and profitability will be adversely impacted. 
 15 

Table of Content s 

 Our business may be adversely affected by labor and union activities. 
 Although none of our employees are currently represented by a labor union, it is common throughout the aerospace industry generally for many employees at aerospace companies to belong to a union, which can result in higher employee costs and increased risk of work stoppages. We may also directly and indirectly depend upon other companies with unionized work forces, such as parts suppliers and trucking and freight companies, and work stoppages or strikes organized by such unions could harm our business, financial condition or operating results. 
 We expect that the purchase agreements with Archer Direct customers could be subject to indexed price escalation clauses which would subject us to losses if we have cost overruns or if increases in our costs exceed the applicable escalation rate. 
 Commercial aircraft sales contracts are often entered into years before the aircraft are delivered. In order to help account for economic fluctuations between the contract date and delivery date, aircraft pricing generally consists of a fixed amount as modified by price escalation formulas derived from labor, commodity and other price indices. Our revenue estimates are based on current expectations with respect to these escalation formulas, but the actual escalation amounts are outside of our control. Escalation factors can fluctuate significantly from period to period and changes in escalation amounts can significantly impact revenues and operating margins in our business. We can make no assurance that any customer, current or future, will exercise purchase options, fulfill existing purchase commitments or purchase additional products or services from us. The terms and conditions of the United Purchase Agreement regarding price escalation clauses are yet to be determined, and there is no assurance that they will be determined in a manner that will mitigate the risks described above. 
 We have identified certain material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate these material weaknesses, or if we identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect our business and stock price. 
 In connection with the preparation and audit of our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020, certain material weaknesses were identified in our internal control over financial reporting. These material weaknesses had not been remediated as of December 31, 2022. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Each of these material weaknesses could result in a misstatement of substantially all of our accounts or disclosures that would result in a material misstatement to the annual or interim financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. 
 We are taking the steps we believe are necessary to remediate these material weaknesses to comply with the rules and regulations of the SEC regarding compliance with Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Management, with the participation of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors, is engaged in remediation activities to address the material weaknesses. 
 For a discussion of management s consideration of the material weaknesses and the remediation measures, see Part II, Item 9A, Controls and Procedures included in this Annual Report. 
 While we believe our efforts will remediate the material weaknesses, we may not be able to complete our evaluation, testing or any necessary remediations in a timely fashion, or at all. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date and may take in the future, will be sufficient to remediate the control deficiencies that led to our material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting or that they will prevent or avoid potential future material weaknesses. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting is subject to various inherent limitations, including cost limitations, judgments used in decision making, assumptions about the likelihood of future events, the possibility of human error and the risk of fraud. Any failure to design or maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement could increase compliance costs, negatively impact the market price of our common stock, or otherwise harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. 
 We have been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by health epidemics and pandemics, including the ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic, the duration and economic, governmental and social impact of which is difficult to predict, which may significantly harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 We face various risks related to public health issues, including epidemics, pandemics and other outbreaks, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including changes in consumer and business behavior, pandemic fears and market downturns, supply shortages and restrictions on business and individual activities, has created 
 16 

Table of Content s 

 significant volatility in the global economy. The spread of COVID-19 has also created a disruption in the manufacturing, delivery and overall supply chain of aircraft manufacturers and suppliers. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business, prospects and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of the pandemic, its severity, the actions to contain the virus and its variants or treat its impact and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating activities can resume. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic has subsided, we may continue to experience an adverse impact to our business as a result of COVID-19 s global economic impact, including ongoing supply chain shortages. 
 Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations relating to the aviation business in general and eVTOL aircraft specifically, could adversely affect our business and our financial condition. 
 
 Our eVTOL aircraft and the operation of our UAM services will be subject to substantial regulation in the jurisdictions in which we intend our eVTOL aircraft to operate. We expect to incur significant costs in complying with these regulations. Regulations related to the eVTOL industry, including aircraft certification, production certification, passenger operation, flight operation, airspace operation, security regulation and infrastructure regulation are currently evolving, and we face risks associated with the development and evolution of these regulations. 
 
 Our aircraft must be certified with the FAA in the United States. Operating our aircraft in the United States and providing our passenger transportation services must comply with U.S. laws, regulations, safety standards, and customer service regulations. 
 
 Rigorous testing and the use of approved materials and equipment are among the requirements for achieving certification. Our failure to obtain or maintain certification for our aircraft or infrastructure would have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. In addition to obtaining and maintaining certification of our aircraft, we will need to obtain and maintain operational authority necessary to provide our envisioned UAM services. A transportation or aviation authority may determine that we cannot manufacture, provide, or otherwise engage in those services as we have contemplated. The inability to implement our envisioned services could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. 
 
 To the extent the laws change, our aircraft and our services may not comply with those laws, which would have an adverse effect on our business. Complying with changing laws could be burdensome, time consuming, and expensive. To the extent compliance with new laws is cost prohibitive, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results would be adversely affected. 
 
 When we expand beyond the United States, such as into the Middle East, Asia, Europe and/or South America, there will be additional laws and regulations we must comply with, and there may be laws and regulations in other jurisdictions we have not yet entered or laws we are unaware of in jurisdictions we have entered that may restrict our operations or business practices or that are difficult to interpret and change rapidly. 
 
 Continued regulatory limitations and other obstacles interfering with our business operations could have a negative and material impact on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to cybersecurity risks to our operational systems, security systems, infrastructure, integrated software in our aircraft and customer data processed by us or third-party vendors. 
 We are at risk for interruptions, outages and breaches of our: (a) operational systems, including business, financial, accounting, product development, data processing or production processes, owned by us or our third-party vendors or suppliers; (b) facility security systems, owned by us or our third-party vendors or suppliers; (c) aircraft technology, including powertrain and avionics and flight control software, owned by us or our third-party vendors or suppliers; (d) the integrated software in our aircraft; or (e) customer data that we process or our third-party vendors or suppliers process on our behalf. Such incidents could: disrupt our operational systems; result in loss of intellectual property, trade secrets or other proprietary or competitively sensitive information; compromise certain information of customers, employees, suppliers, or others; jeopardize the security of our facilities; or affect the performance of in-product technology and the integrated software in our aircraft. 
 We plan to include avionics and flight control software services and functionality that utilize data connectivity to monitor aircraft performance and to enhance safety and enable cost-saving preventative maintenance. The availability and effectiveness of our services depend on the continued operation of information technology and communications systems. Our systems will be vulnerable to damage or interruption from, among others, physical theft, fire, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, power loss, war, telecommunications failures, viruses, worms, trojan horses, denial or degradation of service attacks, ransomware, social 
 17 

Table of Content s 

 engineering schemes, insider theft or misuse or other attempts to harm our systems. We intend to use our avionics and flight control software and functionality to log information about each aircraft s use in order to aid us in aircraft diagnostics and servicing. Our customers may object to the use of this data, which may increase our vehicle maintenance costs and harm our business prospects. 
 Moreover, there are inherent risks associated with developing, improving, expanding and updating our current systems, such as the disruption of our data management, procurement, production execution, finance, supply chain and sales and service processes. These risks may affect our ability to manage our data and inventory, procure parts or supplies or manufacture, deploy, deliver and service our aircraft, adequately protect our intellectual property or achieve and maintain compliance with, or realize available benefits under, applicable laws, regulations and contracts. We cannot be sure that these systems upon which we rely, including those of our third-party vendors or suppliers, will be effectively implemented, maintained or expanded as planned. If we do not successfully implement, maintain or expand these systems as planned, our operations may be disrupted and our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results could be impaired. Moreover, our proprietary information or intellectual property could be compromised or misappropriated, and our reputation may be adversely affected. If these systems do not operate as we expect them to, we may be required to expend significant resources to make corrections or find alternative sources for performing these functions. 
 Failure to comply with laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection and consumer protection, or the expansion of current laws and regulations or the enactment of new laws or regulations in these areas, could adversely affect our business and our financial condition. 
 We are subject to or affected by a number of laws and regulations, as well as contractual obligations and industry standards, that impose certain obligations and restrictions with respect to data privacy and security, and govern our collection, storage, retention, protection, use, processing, transmission, sharing and disclosure of personal information including that of our employees, customers and others. Most jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals, regulatory authorities and others of security breaches involving certain types of data. Such laws may be inconsistent or may change or additional laws may be adopted. In addition, our agreements with certain customers may require us to notify them in the event of a security breach. Such mandatory disclosures are costly, could lead to negative publicity, result in penalties or fines, result in litigation, may cause our customers to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures and require us to expend significant capital and other resources to respond to and/or alleviate problems caused by the actual or perceived security breach. 
 The global data protection landscape is rapidly evolving, and implementation standards and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. We may not be able to monitor and react to all developments in a timely manner. For example, California adopted the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA ), which became effective in January 2020 and which was recently amended and expanded by the California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA as of January 1, 2023. The CCPA establishes a privacy framework for covered businesses, including an expansive definition of personal information and data privacy rights for California residents. The CCPA includes a framework with potentially severe statutory damages and private rights of action. The CCPA requires covered businesses to provide new disclosures to California residents, provide them new ways to opt-out of certain disclosures of personal information, and allow for a new cause of action for data breaches. As we expand our operations, the CCPA and CPRA may increase our compliance costs and potential liability. Some observers have noted that the CCPA and CPRA could mark the beginning of a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States. Other states have adopted similar laws, many of which went into effect or will go into effect in 2023. Compliance with any applicable privacy and data security laws and regulations is a rigorous and time-intensive process, and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms to comply with such laws and regulations. 
 In addition, we are or may become subject to a variety of foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, and data security. These laws and regulations are continuously evolving and developing. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect to foreign laws. Such laws and regulations often have changes in scope, may be subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent among different jurisdictions. For example, the European General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which became effective in May 2018, includes operational requirements for companies that receive or process personal data of residents of the European Union that are broader and more stringent than those previously in place in the European Union. The GDPR includes significant penalties for non-compliance, including fines of up to 20 million or 4 of total worldwide revenue. Further, following the United Kingdom s exit from the European Union, the GDPR was implemented in the United Kingdom (the UK GDPR non-compliance with which may lead to similar compliance and operational costs as the GDPR with potential fines up to 17 million or 4 of global turnover. The UK GDPR sits alongside the UK Data Protection Act 2018 which implements certain derogations in the EU GDPR into UK law. Under the UK GDPR, companies not established in the UK but who process personal information in relation to the offering of goods or services to individuals in the UK, or to monitor their behavior will 
 18 

Table of Content s 

 be subject to the UK GDPR the requirements of which are largely aligned with those under the GDPR but still require specific compliance under UK law that we must monitor and with which we must comply. 
 Additionally, we may be subject to evolving laws and regulations regarding the transfer of personal data outside of the European Economic Area EEA ). Recently, the Court of Justice of the European Union ruled that the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield is an invalid transfer mechanism, but upheld Standard Contractual Clauses as a valid transfer mechanism. The validity of data transfer mechanisms remains subject to legal, regulatory, and political developments in both Europe and the United States. The invalidation of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and potential invalidation of other data transfer mechanisms could have a significant adverse impact on our ability to process and transfer personal data outside of the EEA. 
 Governments are continuing to focus on privacy and data security, and it is possible that new privacy or data security laws will be enacted or existing laws will be amended in a way that is material to our business. Any significant change to applicable laws, regulations, or industry practices regarding our users data could require us to modify our services and features, possibly in a material manner, and may limit our ability to develop new products, services, and features. Although we have made efforts to design our policies, procedures, and systems to comply with the current requirements of applicable state, federal, and foreign laws, changes to applicable laws and regulations in this area could subject us to additional regulation and oversight, any of which could significantly increase our operating costs. 
 We publish privacy policies and other documentation regarding our collection, processing, use and disclosure of personal information and/or other confidential information. Although we endeavor to comply with our published policies and other documentation, we may at times fail to do so or may be perceived to have failed to do so. Moreover, despite our efforts, we may not be successful in achieving compliance if our employees, contractors, service providers or vendors fail to comply with our published policies and documentation. Such failures can subject us to potential local, state and federal action if we are found to be deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our actual practices. Claims that we have violated individuals privacy rights or failed to comply with data protection laws or applicable privacy notices even if we are not found liable, could be expensive and time-consuming to defend and could result in adverse publicity that could harm our business. 
 We are subject to risks associated with climate change, including the potential increased impacts of severe weather events on our operations and infrastructure. 
 The potential physical effects of climate change, such as increased frequency and severity of high wind conditions, storms, floods, fires, fog, mist, freezing conditions, sea-level rise and other climate-related events, could affect our operations, infrastructure and financial results. Climate change risks could result in but are not limited to operational risk from the physical effect of climate events on our terminal facilities, production facilities and other assets, as well as transitional risks, including new or more stringent regulatory requirements, increased monitoring and disclosure requirements, and potential effects on our reputation and/or changes in our business. We could incur significant costs to improve the climate resiliency of our aircraft or infrastructure and otherwise prepare for, respond to, and mitigate such physical effects of climate change. We are not able to accurately predict the materiality of any potential losses or costs associated with the physical effects of climate change. 
 We intend to retain certain personal information about our customers, employees or others that, if compromised, could harm our financial performance and results of operations or prospects. 
 We are subject to a wide variety of laws in the United States and other jurisdictions related to privacy, data protection and consumer protection that are often complex and subject to varying interpretations. As a result, these privacy, data protection and consumer protection laws may change or develop over time through judicial decisions or as new guidance or interpretations are provided by regulatory and governing bodies and such changes or developments may be contrary to our existing practices. This may cause us to expend resources on updating, changing or eliminating some of our privacy and data protection practices. 
 We plan to collect, store, transmit and otherwise process data from our aircraft, our customers, our employees and others as part of our business and operations, which may include personal data or confidential or proprietary information. We also work with partners and third-party service providers or vendors that collect, store and process such data on our behalf and in connection with our aircraft. There can be no assurance that any security measures that we or our third-party service providers or vendors have implemented will be effective against current or future security threats. If a compromise of data were to occur, we may become liable under our contracts with other parties and under applicable law for damages and incur penalties and other costs to respond to, investigate and remedy such an incident. Our systems, networks and physical facilities could be breached, or personal information could otherwise be compromised due to employee error or malfeasance, if, for example, third parties attempt to fraudulently induce our employees or our customers to disclose information or usernames and/or passwords. Third parties may also exploit vulnerabilities in, or obtain unauthorized access to, platforms, systems, networks and/or physical facilities utilized by our third-party service providers and vendors. 
 19 

Table of Content s 

 Our aircraft contain complex information technology systems and built-in data connectivity to share aircraft data with ground operations infrastructure. We plan to design, implement and test security measures intended to prevent unauthorized access to our information technology networks, our aircraft and related systems. However, hackers may attempt to gain unauthorized access to modify, alter and use such networks, aircraft and systems to gain control of or to change our aircraft s functionality, performance characteristics, or to gain access to data stored in or generated by the aircraft. A significant breach of our third-party service providers or vendors or our own network security and systems could have serious negative consequences for our business and future prospects, including possible fines, penalties and damages, reduced customer demand for our aircraft or urban aerial ride sharing services and harm to our reputation and brand. 
 We may not have adequate insurance coverage. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds our available insurance coverage, or results in changes to our insurance policies (including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements), could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, we cannot be sure that our existing insurance coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms or that our insurers will not deny coverage as to any future claim. 
 
 The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain additional executive management and qualified board members. 
 
 We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, the listing requirements of the NYSE and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations has increased, and will continue to increase, our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, or costly, and increase demand on our systems and resources, particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and operating results. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight have been and may in the future be required. As a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. Although we have already hired additional employees to comply with these requirements, we may need to hire more employees in the future or engage outside consultants, which would increase our costs and expenses. 
 
 In addition, changing laws, regulations, and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs, and making some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations, and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve or otherwise change over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations, and standards (or changing interpretations of them), and this investment may result in increased selling, general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations, and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us, and our business may be adversely affected. As a public company, we have also had to incur increased expenses in order to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to maintain the same or similar coverage or obtain coverage in the future. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors, particularly to serve on our audit committee, compensation committee, and nominating and governance committee, and qualified executive officers. 
 
 As a result of disclosure of information in the filings required of a public company, our business and financial condition is more visible, which may result in threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors. If such claims are successful, our business and operating results could be adversely affected, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and adversely affect our business and operating results. In addition, as a result of our disclosure obligations as a public company, we have reduced flexibility and are under pressure to focus on short-term results, which may adversely affect our ability to achieve long-term profitability. 
 20 

Table of Content s 

 We have been sued by a competitor alleging misappropriation by us of certain of their trade secrets and infringement by us of certain of their patents. These proceedings, as well as any other proceedings relating to these allegations and similar allegations or legal proceedings in the future, are likely to be time-consuming and expensive and, if adversely determined, could delay, limit or prevent our ability to commercialize our aircraft or otherwise execute on our business plans. 
 On April 6, 2021, Wisk brought a lawsuit against us in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California (the District Court alleging misappropriation of trade secrets and patent infringement. We have filed certain counterclaims for defamation, tortious interference and unfair competition against Wisk and The Boeing Company Boeing ), which owns a majority stake in Wisk. 
 For a description of the status of our legal proceedings with Wisk, see Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. We cannot predict their outcome or impact on us and our business. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in defending and responding to their claims and pursuing our counterclaims. A negative result in these proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, financial position, liquidity, operations, and cash flows. 
 In addition, other holders of intellectual property rights relating to electric aircraft or any other technology relevant to our products and services may initiate legal proceedings alleging infringement or misappropriation of such rights by us and/or our employees, either with respect to our own intellectual property or intellectual property we license from third parties. 
 Our pending proceedings and other future legal proceedings against us or our employees, regardless of outcome or merit, could be time consuming and expensive to defend or resolve, result in substantial diversion of management and technical resources, delay, limit or prevent our ability to make, develop, commercialize or deploy our aircraft and aerial ride sharing services and deteriorate our reputation and our business relationships, any of which could make it more difficult or impossible for us to operate our business or otherwise execute on our business plan and significantly adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. In the event of an adverse outcome of the litigation, we may have to cease developing and/or using the asserted intellectual property, which could significantly adversely impact our business, financial condition, or results of operation. 
 In response to a determination or resolution that we or any of our employees have infringed upon or misappropriated a third party s intellectual property rights, we may be required to take certain actions, including (without limitation) one or more of the following: 
 cease development, sales or use of our aircraft or other products; 
 pay substantial damages, interest, attorneys fees, costs and other amounts; 
 transfer intellectual property rights to a competitor; 
 obtain a license from the owner of the asserted intellectual property right, which license may not be available on reasonable terms or at all; 
 terminate the employment of key employees; 
 develop or re-develop an alternative design of our aircraft; or 
 re-develop one or more other aspects or systems of our aircraft or other offerings. 
 A successful claim of infringement or misappropriation against us or any of our employees could delay, limit or prevent our ability to commercialize our aircraft and could significantly adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition or operating results. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and distraction to the company and our management over many years. 
 Our business may be adversely affected if we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights from unauthorized use by third parties. 
 Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property rights could result in our competitors offering similar products or services, potentially resulting in the loss of some of our competitive advantage and a decrease in our revenue, which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. Our success depends, at least in part, on our ability to protect our key technology and intellectual property. To accomplish this, we will rely on a combination of patents, 
 21 

Table of Content s 

 trade secrets (including know-how), employee and third-party non-disclosure agreements, copyrights, trademarks, intellectual property licenses and other contractual rights to establish and protect our rights in our technology. 
 The protection of our intellectual property rights will be important to our future business opportunities. However, the measures we take to protect our intellectual property from unauthorized use by others may not be effective for various reasons, including the following: 
 any patent applications we submit may not result in the issuance of patents (and patents have not yet issued to us based on our pending applications); 
 the scope of our patents that may subsequently issue may not be broad enough to protect our proprietary rights; 
 our issued patents may be challenged or invalidated by third parties; 
 our employees or business partners may breach their confidentiality, non-disclosure and non-use obligations to us; 
 third parties may independently develop technologies that are the same or similar to ours; 
 the costs associated with enforcing patents, confidentiality and invention agreements or other intellectual property rights may make enforcement impracticable; and 
 current and future competitors may circumvent or otherwise design around our patents. 
 Patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws vary throughout the world. The laws in some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Furthermore, policing the unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions may be difficult. Therefore, our intellectual property rights may not be as strong or as easily enforced outside of the United States. 
 Also, while we have registered and applied for trademarks in an effort to protect our investment in our brand and goodwill with customers, competitors may challenge the validity of those trademarks and other brand names in which we have invested. Such challenges can be expensive and may adversely affect our ability to maintain the goodwill gained in connection with a particular trademark. 
 To the extent we expand our international activities, our exposure to unauthorized use of our technologies and proprietary information may increase. We may also fail to detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property, or be required to expend significant resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights, including engaging in litigation, which may be costly, time-consuming, and divert the attention of management and resources, and may not ultimately be successful. If we fail to meaningfully establish, maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights internationally, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We are an emerging growth company and smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance to the performance of other public companies. 
 
 We are an emerging growth company as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 JOBS Act ). As such, we are eligible for and may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, including, but not limited to, (a) not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (b) reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and (c) exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following October 30, 2025, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three year period. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our 
 22 

Table of Content s 

 reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 
 Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 
 Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our shares of common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our shares of common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 
 Our management team has limited experience managing a public company. 
 Most members of our management team have limited experience managing a publicly traded company, interacting with public company investors and regulators, and complying with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies. Our management team may not successfully or efficiently manage our transition to being a public company subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under the federal securities laws and the continuous scrutiny of securities analysts and investors. These new obligations and constituents require significant attention from our senior management and could divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of our business, which could adversely impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, which may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that (i) unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by the applicable law, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us, (2) any action or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer or other employee of ours or any stockholder of ours to us or our stockholders, (3) any action or proceeding asserting a claim against us or any of our current or former directors, officers or other employees or any stockholder arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws, (4) any action or proceeding to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws (or any right, obligation or remedy thereunder), (5) any action or proceeding as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction to the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, and (6) any action asserting a claim against us or any director, officer or other employee of ours or any stockholder, governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in all cases to the fullest extent permitted by law and subject to the court s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants, and (ii) unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Any person holding, owning or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to this forum selection provision. 
 This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with 
 23 

Table of Content s 

 respect to such claims, although such stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. However, there is no assurance that a court would enforce the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. If a court were to find such provision to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 The warrants originally issued by Atlas are accounted for as liabilities and changes in the value of these warrants could have a material effect on our financial results. 
 On April 12, 2021, the staff of the SEC (the SEC Staff expressed its view that certain terms and conditions common to special purpose acquisition company SPAC warrants may require the warrants to be classified as liabilities instead of equity on a SPAC s balance sheet. As a result of the SEC Staff s statement, Atlas reevaluated the accounting treatment of its public warrants and private placement warrants, and determined to classify the warrants as derivative liabilities measured at fair value, with changes in fair value reported in its statement of operations for each reporting period. 
 See Note 13 - Liability Classified Warrants to our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, for additional information about our public and private warrants that were originally issued by Atlas. Accounting Standards Codification ASC 815-40 provides for the remeasurement of the fair value of such derivatives at each balance sheet date, with a resulting non-cash gain or loss related to the change in the fair value being recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. As a result of the recurring fair value measurement, our financial statements and results of operations may fluctuate quarterly based on factors which are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on our warrants each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. 
 Investors expectations of our performance relating to environmental, social and governance ESG factors may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. 
 There is an increasing focus from investors, employees, customers and other stakeholders concerning corporate responsibility, specifically related to ESG matters. Some investors may use these non-financial performance factors to guide their investment strategies and, in some cases, may choose not to invest in us if they believe our policies and actions relating to corporate responsibility are inadequate. The growing investor demand for measurement of non-financial performance is addressed by third-party providers of sustainability assessment and ratings on companies. The criteria by which our corporate responsibility practices are assessed may change due to the constant evolution of the sustainability landscape, which could result in greater expectations of us and cause us to undertake costly initiatives to satisfy such new criteria. If we elect not to or are unable to satisfy such new criteria, investors may conclude that our policies and/or actions with respect to corporate social responsibility are inadequate. We may face reputational damage in the event that we do not meet the ESG standards set by various constituencies. 
 Furthermore, in the event that we communicate certain initiatives and goals regarding ESG matters, we could fail, or be perceived to fail, in our achievement of such initiatives or goals, or we could be criticized for the scope of such initiatives or goals. If we fail to satisfy the expectations of investors, customers, employees and other stakeholders or our initiatives are not executed as planned, our reputation and business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely impacted. 
 Changes in financial accounting standards may cause adverse unexpected fluctuations and affect our reported results of operations. 
 A change in accounting standards or practices, and varying interpretations of existing or new accounting pronouncements, as well as significant costs incurred or that may be incurred to adopt and to comply with these new pronouncements, could have a significant effect on our reported financial results or the way we conduct our business. If we do not ensure that our systems and processes are aligned with the new standards, we could encounter difficulties generating quarterly and annual financial statements in a timely manner, which could have an adverse effect on our business, our ability to meet our reporting obligations and compliance with internal control requirements. 
 Management will continue to make judgments and assumptions based on our interpretation of new standards. If our circumstances change or if actual circumstances differ from our assumptions, our operating results may be adversely affected and could fall below our publicly announced guidance or the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 
 24 

Table of Content s 

 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Securities 
 
 The price of our Class A common stock and warrants may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment as a result. 
 The price of our Class A common stock and warrants may fluctuate due to a variety of factors, including: 
 
 changes in macroeconomic or market conditions or trends in our industry or markets, such as inflation, recessions, the continued rise in interest rates, ongoing supply chain shortages, local and national elections, international currency fluctuations, political instability and acts of war, such as the current situation with Ukraine and Russia, or terrorism; 
 results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 
 results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 
 changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates and investment recommendations by securities analysts and investors; 
 declines in the market prices of stocks generally; 
 strategic actions by us or our competitors; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, joint ventures, other strategic relationships or capital commitments; 
 any significant change in our management; 
 changes in business or regulatory conditions, including new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business; 
 future sales of our Class A common stock or other equity or debt securities; 
 investor perceptions or the investment opportunity associated with our Class A common stock relative to other investment alternatives; 
 the public s response to press releases or other public announcements by us or third parties, including our filings with the SEC; 
 litigation involving us, our industry, or both, or investigations by regulators into our operations or those of our competitors; 
 guidance, if any, that we provide to the public, any changes in this guidance or our failure to meet this guidance; 
 the development and sustainability of an active trading market for our securities; 
 actions by institutional or activist stockholders; 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations or principles; and 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from natural disasters, war, acts of terrorism or responses to these events. 
 
 These broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock and warrants, regardless of our actual operating performance. In addition, price volatility may be greater if the public float and trading volume of our Class A common stock is low. 
 
 25 

Table of Content s 

 In the past, following periods of market volatility, stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation. If we were involved in securities litigation, it could have a substantial cost and divert resources and the attention of executive management from our business regardless of the outcome of such litigation. 
 
 The dual-class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting power with certain shareholders of our Class B common stock, which could limit other shareholders ability to influence the outcome of important transactions, including a change in control. 
 
 Shares of our Class B common stock have ten votes per share, while shares of our Class A common stock have one vote per share. Adam Goldstein and Brett Adcock, our founders, as well as certain other shareholders hold the issued and outstanding shares of our Class B common stock. These shares represent a substantial majority of the voting power of our capital stock on an outstanding basis and if voted together are able to control matters submitted to our shareholders for approval, including the election of directors, amendments of our organizational documents and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets or other major corporate transactions for so long as the shares of Class B common stock represent at least 9.1 of all outstanding shares of our capital stock. These holders may have interests that differ from other shareholders and may vote in a way which may be adverse to other shareholders or with which our other shareholders may disagree. This concentrated control may have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control, could deprive our shareholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their capital stock as part of a sale, and might ultimately affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 
 We cannot predict the impact that our dual-class structure may have on the stock price of our Class A common stock. 
 
 We cannot predict whether our dual-class structure will result in a lower or more volatile market price of Class A common stock or in adverse publicity or other adverse consequences. For example, certain index providers have announced restrictions on including companies with multiple-class share structures in certain of their indexes. In July 2017, FTSE Russell and S P Dow Jones announced that they would cease to allow most newly public companies utilizing dual or multi-class capital structures to be included in their indexes. Affected indexes include the Russell 2000 and the S P 500, S P MidCap 400 and S P SmallCap 600, which together make up the S P Composite 1500. Beginning in 2017, MSCI, a leading stock index provider, opened public consultations on their treatment of no-vote and multi-class structures and temporarily barred new multi-class listings from certain of its indexes; however, in October 2018, MSCI announced its decision to include equity securities with unequal voting structures in its indexes and to launch a new index that specifically includes voting rights in its eligibility criteria. Under the announced policies, our dual-class capital structure makes us ineligible for inclusion in certain indexes, and as a result, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds and other investment vehicles that attempt to passively track those indexes will not be investing in our stock. These policies are still new, and it remains unclear what effect, if any, they will have on the valuations of publicly traded companies excluded from such indexes, but it is possible that they may depress these valuations compared to those of other similar companies that are included. Because of our dual-class structure, we are likely excluded from certain of these indexes and we cannot assure you that other stock indexes will not take similar actions. Given the sustained flow of investment funds into passive strategies that seek to track certain indexes, exclusion from stock indexes likely precludes investment by many of these funds and could make our Class A common stock less attractive to other investors. As a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. 
 
 We may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, or may be subject to restructuring, impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our Class A common stock, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 
 
 Factors outside of our control may, at any time, arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in reporting losses. Unexpected risks may arise, and previously known risks may materialize. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and therefore not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, we must report charges of this nature which could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to be unable to obtain future financing on favorable terms or at all. 
 
 26 

Table of Content s 

 There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of the NYSE. The NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 
 
 Our Class A common stock and public warrants are listed on the NYSE under the symbols ACHR and ACHR WS, respectively. We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on the NYSE. We are required to demonstrate compliance with the NYSE s continued listing requirements in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the NYSE. If the NYSE delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant adverse consequences, including: 
 
 a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 
 
 reduced liquidity for our securities; 
 
 a determination that our Class A common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 
 
 a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 
 
 a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 
 Because there are no current plans to pay cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future, you may not receive any return on investment unless you sell your common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 
 We intend to retain future earnings, if any, for future operations, expansion and debt repayment and there are no current plans to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. The declaration, amount and payment of any future dividends on shares of our common stock will be at the sole discretion of our board of directors. Our board of directors may take into account general and economic conditions, our financial condition and results of operations, our available cash and current and anticipated cash needs, capital requirements, contractual, legal, tax, and regulatory restrictions, implications on the payment of dividends by us to our stockholders or by our subsidiaries to us and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends is limited by covenants of our existing and outstanding indebtedness and may be limited by covenants of any future indebtedness we incur. As a result, you may not receive any return on an investment in our common stock unless you sell our common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 
 If securities analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or if they downgrade our stock or our sector, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 
 The trading market for our Class A common stock will rely in part on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us or our business. We will not control these analysts. In addition, some financial analysts may have limited expertise with our model and operations. Furthermore, if one or more of the analysts who do cover us downgrade our stock or industry, or the stock of any of our competitors, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our stock could decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases to cover us or fails to initiate coverage or publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the market, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 
 Future sales, or the perception of future sales, by us or our stockholders in the public market could cause the market price for our Class A common stock to decline. 
 
 The sale of shares of our Class A common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could harm the prevailing market price of shares of our Class A common stock. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. 
 
 27 

Table of Content s 

 All shares issued in the Business Combination that were registered on our registration statement on Form S-4, which was declared effective on August 11, 2021, are freely tradable without restriction by persons other than our affiliates, (as defined under Rule 144 of the Securities Act Rule 144 )), including our directors, executive officers and other affiliates. 
 
 Additionally, our registration statement on Form S-3 relating to the offer and sale from time to time by the selling securityholders named therein of up to 110,742,480 shares of Class A common stock, was declared effective by the SEC on November 15, 2022. In addition, pursuant to two separate registration rights agreements, certain substantial holders of Legacy Archer s common stock and Stellantis N.V., respectively, will have the right, subject to certain conditions, to require us to register their shares of our Class A common stock for resale under the Securities Act. By exercising their registration rights and selling a large number of shares in reliance on the registration statements, these stockholders could cause the prevailing market price of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 
 As restrictions on resale end or if these stockholders exercise their registration rights, the market price of our Class A common stock could drop significantly if the holders of these shares sell them or are perceived by the market as intending to sell them. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to raise additional funds through future offerings of our Class A common stock or other securities. 
 
 In addition, outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 25,398,947 shares of our Class A common stock became exercisable on October 30, 2021. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one (1) share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per whole share, subject to adjustment. Moreover, as of December 31, 2022, we have additional 8,736,599 outstanding warrants issued to certain parties, 5,159,618 of which remain subject to vesting conditions. These warrants may be exercised only for a whole number of shares of our Class A common stock. To the extent such warrants are exercised, additional shares of our Class A common stock will be issued, which will result in dilution to the then existing holders of our Class A common stock and increase the number of shares eligible for resale in the public market. 
 
 In addition, the shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance under our equity incentive plans will become eligible for sale in the public market once those shares are issued, subject to provisions relating to various vesting agreements and, in some cases, limitations on volume and manner of sale applicable to affiliates under Rule 144, as applicable. We have filed registration statements on Form S-8 to register shares of our common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of our common stock issued pursuant to our equity incentive plans. We expect to file additional registration statements on Form S-8 in the future to register additional shares reserved for future issuance under our equity incentive plans, and Form S-8 registration statements automatically become effective upon filing. Accordingly, shares registered under such registration statements will be available for sale in the open market. 
 
 In the future, we may also issue our securities in connection with investments or acquisitions. The amount of shares of our common stock issued in connection with an investment or acquisition could constitute a material portion of our then-outstanding Class A common stock. Any issuance of additional securities in connection with investments or acquisitions may result in additional dilution to our stockholders. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our governing documents could delay or prevent a change of control. 
 
 Certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, defer or prevent a merger, acquisition, tender offer, takeover attempt or other change of control transaction that a stockholder might consider in its best interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by our stockholders. 
 
 These provisions provide for, among other things: 
 the ability of our board of directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock; 
 a classified board; 
 a dual-class share structure; 
 advance notice for nominations of directors by stockholders and for stockholders to include matters to be considered at our annual meetings; 
 28 

Table of Content s 

 certain limitations on convening special stockholder meetings; 
 limiting the ability of stockholders to act by written consent; and 
 our board of directors has the express authority to make, alter or repeal our amended and restated bylaws. 
 
 These anti-takeover provisions could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if the third party s offer may be considered beneficial by many of our stockholders. As a result, our stockholders may be limited in their ability to obtain a premium for their shares. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions you desire. 
 29 

Table of Content s 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 
 We currently lease our headquarters in San Jose, California. We also lease additional offices and research and development facilities in Palo Alto and Mountain View, California and flight test facilities at Salinas Municipal Airport in Salinas, California. We believe our existing leased facilities are in good condition and suitable for the conduct of our business. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 For a description of our material pending legal proceedings, see Note 8 - Commitments and Contingencies of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 30 

Table of Content s 

 Part II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrants Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 
 Following the closing of the Business Combination, our Class A common stock and warrants began trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbols ACHR and ACHR WS on September 17, 2021. 
 
 Our Class B common stock is not listed or traded on any stock exchange. 
 
 Holders of Record 
 
 As of March 3, 2023, there were 137 stockholders of record of our Class A common stock and 10 stockholders of record of our Class B common stock. The actual number of holders of our Class A and Class B common stock is greater than the number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers or other nominees. The number of holders of record presented here also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 
 We have never declared nor paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings, if any, for use in the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the sole discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, cash requirements, financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 On June 17, 2022, we issued 91,667 warrants in a private placement pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. These warrants have an exercise price of 0.01 per share in exchange for shares of our Class A common stock. 
 
 Use of Proceeds 
 
 On October 30, 2020, Atlas consummated its initial public offering of 50,000,000 units. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating total gross proceeds of 500.0 million from the initial public offering. The securities sold in the offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-249289). The registration statement became effective on October 27, 2020. 
 
 Simultaneously with the consummation of the initial public offering, Atlas consummated the sale of 8,000,000 private placement warrants, at a price of 1.50 per warrant, to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds to Atlas of 12.0 million. Such securities were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 
 
 Atlas incurred 10.5 million in offering costs for its initial public offering including 10.0 million of underwriting fees and 0.5 million of other costs. Following the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, a total of 500.0 million was deposited into the trust account for the purpose of effecting an initial business combination. As of August 5, 2021, the record date of the Business Combination, there was 500.1 million held in the trust account. After deducting payments to existing Atlas unit holders of 242.2 million in connection with their exercise of redemption rights, the remainder of the trust account totaling 257.6 million is now held on our balance sheet to fund our operations and continued growth. 
 
 The Business Combination generated 857.6 million in gross cash proceeds to Archer, inclusive of 600.0 million in proceeds from a private placement (the PIPE Financing and 257.6 million transferred from the trust account. Total direct and incremental transaction costs aggregated 81.8 million, of which 10.9 million was expensed as part of the Business Combination, 55.8 million was recorded to additional paid-in capital as equity issuance costs, and the remaining 15.1 million was settled through the issuance of shares of New Archer Class A common stock. 
 
 31 

Table of Content s 

 There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds noted above from those disclosed in the final prospectus (File No. 333-254007), dated August 11, 2021, which was declared effective by the SEC on August 11, 2021. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report. In addition to historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion includes forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. See the section titled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this Annual Report. Our actual results could differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to those differences include, but are not limited to, those set forth in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are designing and developing eVTOL aircraft for use in UAM networks. Our mission is to unlock the skies, freeing everyone to reimagine how they move and spend time. O ur eVTOL aircraft are designed to be safe, sustainable, and quiet. Our production aircraft, Midnight, which we unveiled in November of 2022, is designed around our proprietary 12-tilt-6 aircraft configuration. This means that it has 12 propellers attached to 6 booms on a fixed wing with all 12 propellers providing vertical lift during take-off and landing and the forward 6 propellers tilting forward to cruise position to provide propulsion during forward flight with the wing providing aerodynamic lift like a conventional airplane. 
 
 Midnight is designed to carry 4 passengers plus a pilot up to 100 miles at speeds up to 150 miles per hour, but is optimized for back-to-back short distance trips of around 20-miles, with a charging time of approximately 10 minutes between trips. We are working to certify Midnight with the FAA in late 2024 so that we can then enter into commercial service in 2025. 
 
 Midnight is the evolution of our demonstrator eVTOL aircraft, Maker, which through its flight test program has helped validate our proprietary 12-tilt-6 aircraft configuration and certain key enabling technologies. The design of Midnight marries what we believe to be cutting-edge electric propulsion technology with state-of-the-art aircraft systems to deliver the key attributes of our eVTOL aircraft: 
 
 Safety. High redundancy and simplified propulsion systems make for a significantly safer aircraft compared to a helicopter. Midnight has no single critical point of failure, meaning that should any single component fail, the aircraft can still safely complete its flight. 
 
 Low noise. With its intended cruising altitude at approximately 2,000 feet, the design of Midnight is such that the noise that reaches the ground is expected to measure around 45 A-weighted decibels, approximately 100 times quieter than that of a helicopter. During forward flight, the aircraft s tilt propellers spin on axes that are aligned with the oncoming air flow, rather than edge-wise to the flow, as is the case with traditional helicopters - further decreasing noise levels. Since Archer s aircraft is spinning 12 small propellers rather than one large rotor, it can also spin them at significantly lower tip speeds, resulting in much lower noise levels. 
 
 Sustainable. Midnight is all electric, resulting in zero operating emissions. Archer is committed to sourcing renewable energy wherever possible to power its aircraft. Archer s design and engineering teams have worked to integrate materials into this aircraft that have their own unique sustainability stories. For example, Midnight s seats are constructed out of flax fiber, a natural plant which requires very little irrigation and is highly absorbent of CO2. In addition, Archer s design uses fabric made from recycled contents like plastic bottles. 
 
 We continue to work to optimize our eVTOL aircraft design for both manufacturing and certification. The development of an eVTOL aircraft that meets our business requirements demands significant design and development efforts on all facets of the aircraft. We believe that by bringing together a mix of talent with eVTOL, traditional commercial aerospace, as well as electric propulsion backgrounds, we have built a team that enables us to move through the design, development, and certification of our eVTOL aircraft with the FAA in an efficient manner, thus allowing us to achieve our end goal of bringing to market our eVTOL aircraft as efficiently as possible. 
 
 Our Planned Lines of Business 
 
 Upon receipt of all necessary FAA certifications and any other government approvals necessary for us to manufacture and operate our aircraft, we intend to operate two complementary lines of business. Our core focus is Archer UAM with our secondary focus being Archer Direct. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Archer UAM 
 
 We plan to operate our own UAM ecosystem initially in select major U.S. cities. Our UAM ecosystem will operate using our eVTOL aircraft, which is currently in development. We project that the cost to manufacture and operate our eVTOL aircraft will be such that it will be able to enter the UAM ride-sharing market at a price point that is competitive with ground-based ride sharing services today. We will continue to evaluate our go-to-market strategy based on, among other things, estimated demand, readiness of the required infrastructure, and our ability to scale of our aircraft fleet. 
 
 Archer Direct 
 
 We also plan to selectively sell a certain amount of our eVTOL aircraft to third parties. We have entered into the United Purchase Agreement for the conditional purchase of up to 1 billion worth of aircraft, with an option for another 500.0 million worth of aircraft. 
 
 As we get closer to commercialization, we will look to determine the right mix of selling our eVTOL aircraft versus using them as part of our UAM ecosystem based on, among other factors, our capital needs, our volume of manufacturing, our ability to ramp Archer UAM operations, and the purchase demand from our Archer Direct customers. 
 
 To date, we have not generated any revenue from either of these planned categories, as we continue to design, develop, and seek the governmental approvals necessary for our eVTOL aircraft to enter into service. We will use our cash and cash equivalents for the foreseeable future to continue to fund our efforts to bring our eVTOL aircraft to market. The amount and timing of any future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the pace and results of the design and development of our aircraft and manufacturing operations, as well as our progress in obtaining necessary FAA certifications and other government approvals. For example, any significant delays in obtaining such FAA certifications and other government approvals will likely require us to raise additional capital above our existing cash on hand and delay our generation of revenues. 

Business Combination 
 
 On September 16, 2021, (the Closing Date ), Legacy Archer, Atlas, and Merger Sub, consummated the closing of the Business Combination Agreement, following approval at the Special Meeting. Unless otherwise specified or unless the context otherwise requires, references herein to Legacy Archer refer to Archer prior to the Business Combination and references herein to New Archer refer to Archer following the Business Combination. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, a business combination of Legacy Archer and Atlas was effected by the Merger. Following the consummation of the Merger on the Closing Date, the Surviving Entity changed its name from Archer Aviation Inc. to Archer Aviation Operating Corp., and Atlas changed its name from Atlas Crest Investment Corp. to Archer Aviation Inc. and it became the successor registrant with the SEC. Prior to the closing of the Business Combination, the Class A common stock and public warrants of Atlas were listed on the NYSE under the symbols ACIC and ACIC WS, respectively. New Archer Class A common stock and public warrants are currently listed on the NYSE under the symbols ACHR and ACHR WS, respectively. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 
 We are still working to design, develop, certify, and bring up manufacturing of our eVTOL aircraft and thus have not generated any revenues from either of our planned lines of business. We do not expect to begin generating significant revenues until we are able to complete the design, development, certification, and bring up of manufacturing of our eVTOL aircraft. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 Research and development activities represent a significant part of our business. Our research and development efforts focus on the design and development of our eVTOL aircraft, including certain of the systems that are used in it. As part of those activities, we continue to work closely with the FAA towards our goal of achieving certification of our eVTOL aircraft on an efficient timeline. Research and development expenses consist of personnel-related costs (including salaries, bonuses, benefits, and stock-based compensation) for employees focused on research and development activities, costs associated with building 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 prototype aircraft, other related costs, depreciation, and an allocation of general overhead. We expect research and development expenses to increase significantly as we progress towards the certification and manufacturing of our eVTOL aircraft. 
 
 We cannot determine with certainty the timing, duration or the costs necessary to complete the design, development, certification, and manufacturing bring up of our eVTOL aircraft due to the inherently unpredictable nature of our research and development activities. Development timelines, the probability of success, and development costs may differ materially from expectations. 
 
 General and Administrative 
 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs (including salaries, bonuses, benefits, and stock-based compensation) for employees associated with administrative services such as finance, legal, human resources, information technology, other related costs, depreciation, and an allocation of our general overhead. We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase in absolute dollars as a result of operating as a publicly traded company, including expenses to comply with the rules and regulations applicable to publicly traded companies, as well as additional expenses customary for a publicly traded company, such as directors and officers liability insurance, director fees, and additional internal and external accounting and legal fees and expenses. 
 
 At this time, we are unable to estimate the costs of defending the ongoing Wisk litigation or any potential settlement or award of damages related thereto and thus, we have not established any related reserves. For a description of our material pending legal proceedings, see Note 8 - Commitments and Contingencies of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 
 Other Warrant Expense 
 
 Other warrant expense consists entirely of non-cash expense related to the warrants issued in conjunction with the execution of the United Purchase Agreement and that certain warrant agreement, dated January 29, 2021, between the Company and United (as amended, the United Warrant Agreement ). 
 
 Other Income, Net 
 
 Other income, net consists of miscellaneous income and expense items, including the change in fair value of our warrant liabilities. 
 
 Interest Income (Expense), Net 
 
 Interest income (expense), net primarily consists of interest income from our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments in marketable securities, net of interest on notes payable. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth our consolidated statements of operations for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change (In millions) Operating expenses: Research and development (1) 
 171.5 64.3 107.2 167 General and administrative (1) 
 165.1 176.7 (11.6) (7) Other warrant expense 10.8 117.3 (106.5) (91) Total operating expenses 347.4 358.3 (10.9) (3) Loss from operations (347.4) (358.3) 10.9 (3) Gain on forgiveness of PPP Loan 0.9 (0.9) (100) Other income, net 27.8 10.6 17.2 162 Interest income (expense), net 2.3 (1.0) 3.3 (330) Loss before income taxes (317.3) (347.8) 30.5 (9) Net loss (317.3) (347.8) 30.5 (9) 
 
 (1) Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Research and development 26.1 3.7 General and administrative 76.7 119.9 Total stock-based compensation expense 102.8 123.6 
 
 Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses increased by 107.2 million, or 167 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, as we invested in people and materials to advance our technology development. The increase was primarily due to an increase of 39.4 million in costs related to professional services and tools and materials to support our increased research and development activities, an increase of 37.8 million in personnel-related expenses due to a significant increase in our workforce from the prior year period, and an increase of 22.4 million in stock-based compensation expense primarily related to new restricted stock units RSUs granted since the closing of the Business Combination and 2022 quarterly bonus equity awards. See Note 10 - Stock-Based Compensation for further details on our stock-based compensation. The remainder of the increase was made up of other immaterial items. 
 
 General and Administrative 
 
 General and administrative expenses decreased by 11.6 million, or 7 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease of 53.2 million in stock-based compensation expense related to the Founder Grants. The decrease was partially offset by an increase of 14.4 million in personnel-related expenses due to a significant increase in our workforce from the prior year period, as we invested in people and infrastructure to support our growth and maturity as a public company, an increase of 10.0 million in stock-based compensation expense primarily related to new RSUs granted since the closing of the Business Combination and 2022 quarterly bonus equity awards, an increase of 9.9 million in professional service expenses mainly due to legal fees and expenses, and an increase of 6.3 million in general and administrative expenses primarily related to the directors and officers D O insurance. See Note 10 - Stock-Based Compensation for further details on our stock-based compensation. The remainder of the decrease was made up of other immaterial items. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Other Warrant Expense 
 
 Other warrant expense decreased by 106.5 million, or 91 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was due to the vesting of warrants pursuant to the United Warrant Agreement in association with the achievement of specific milestones. See Note 10 - Stock-Based Compensation for further details. 
 
 Gain on Forgiveness of PPP Loan 
 
 Gain on Forgiveness of PPP Loan decreased by 0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was due to the one-time gain recognized on the extinguishment of a Paycheck Protection Program loan and accrued interest during the year ended December 31, 2021. There was no comparable activity for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Other Income 
 
 Other income increased by 17.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to the change in fair value of our warrant liabilities. See Note 3 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for further details. In addition, there was a 4.9 million accretion and amortization income related to our short-term investments recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Interest Income (Expense), Net 
 
 Interest income (expense), net increased by 3.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to interest income from our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, net of interest expense recognized for the Silicon Valley Bank term loans, which we entered into in July 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our principal sources of liquidity were cash and cash equivalents of 69.4 million and short-term investments in marketable securities of 461.8 million. We have incurred net losses since our inception and to date have not generated any revenues. We expect to incur additional losses and higher operating expenses for the foreseeable future. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient for at least the next 12 months to meet our requirements and plans for cash, including meeting our working capital requirements and capital expenditure requirements. 
 In the long term, our ability to support our working capital and capital expenditure requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 the level of research and development expenses we incur as we continue to develop our eVTOL aircraft; 
 capital expenditures needed to bring up our aircraft manufacturing capabilities, including for both the build out of our manufacturing facilities and component purchases necessary to build our aircraft; 
 general and administrative expenses as we scale our operations; and 
 sales, marketing and distribution expenses as we build, brand and market our eVTOL aircraft and UAM network. 
 Until such time as we can generate significant revenue from our business operations, we expect to finance our cash needs primarily through existing cash on hand, pre-delivery payments, equity financing and debt financing. 
 The following includes our short-term and long-term material cash requirements from known contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022: 
 Note Payable 
 
 We have short-term debt obligations of 10.0 million due within the next 12 months. See Note 7 - Notes Payable to the consolidated financial statements for further detail on our debt. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Leases 
 
 We lease office, lab, hangar, and storage facilities in the normal course of business. Under our operating leases as noted in Note 8 - Commitments and Contingencies to the consolidated financial statements, we have current obligations of 4.9 million due within the next 12 months and long-term obligations of 23.5 million. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Net cash used in operating activities (200.4) (108.4) Net cash used in investing activities (464.3) (3.5) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (9.9) 822.2 
 Cash Flows Used in Operating Activities 
 We continue to experience negative cash flows from operations as we are still working to design, develop, certify, and bring up manufacturing of our eVTOL aircraft and thus have not generated any revenues from either of our planned lines of business. Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly affected by our cash investments to support the growth of our research and development activities related to our eVTOL aircraft, as well as the general and administrative functions necessary to support those activities and operations as a publicly traded company. Our operating cash flows are also impacted by the working capital requirements to support growth and fluctuations in personnel-related expenditures, accounts payable, accrued interest and other current liabilities, and other current assets. 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 200.4 million, resulting from a net loss of 317.3 million, adjusted for non-cash items consisting primarily of 102.8 million in stock-based compensation primarily related to the Founder Grants and 10.8 million in other warrant expense related to the United warrants (see Note 10 - Stock-Based Compensation), partially offset by a gain of 22.9 million primarily due to the change in fair value of our warrant liabilities. The net cash related to changes in our net operating assets and liabilities of 19.2 million was primarily related to a 15.6 million increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities mainly due to legal fees and expenses and a 10.1 million increase in other long-term liabilities mainly due to the 10.0 million pre-delivery payment from United (see Note 10 - Stock-Based Compensation), partially offset by a 3.4 million increase in operating lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, net driven by lease payments and a 2.2 million increase in prepaid expenses primarily due to prepaid research and development-related expenses. 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2021was 108.4 million, resulting from a net loss of 347.8 million, adjusted for non-cash items consisting primarily of 123.6 million in stock-based compensation primarily related to the Founder Grants and 117.3 million in other warrant expense related to the United warrants. The net cash related to changes in our net operating assets and liabilities of 0.4 million was primarily related to an increase in accrued professional fees and other miscellaneous expenses offset by an increase in prepaid expenses related to the ramp up in our research and development activities and expenses related to becoming a publicly traded company. 
 Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 464.3 million, driven by purchases of short-term investments of 487.4 million and purchases of property and equipment of 6.9 million, offset by proceeds from maturities of short-term investments of 30.0 million. 
 Net cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 was 3.5 million, driven by purchases of property and equipment. 
 Cash Flows (Used in) Provided by Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 9.9 million, consisting of the repayment of debt for 10.0 million, offset by 0.1 million proceeds from the exercise of stock options. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Net cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021was 822.2 million, consisting primarily of 600.0 million in proceeds from the PIPE Financing, 201.8 million net proceeds from the Business Combination, and 20.0 million in proceeds from the issuance of debt. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and expenses, and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and our actual results, our future financial statements will be affected. 
 The SEC has defined a company s critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of the company s financial condition and results of operations, and which require the company to make its most difficult and subjective judgements, often as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. 
 We believe that the following critical accounting policies involve a greater degree of judgment or complexity than our other accounting policies. Accordingly, these are the policies we believe are the most critical to a full understanding and evaluation of our consolidated financial statements. For additional information, refer to Note 3 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Common Stock Valuation 
 
 Prior to the Business Combination, there was no public market for our common stock, and our board of directors determined the fair value of our common stock by taking into account input from management and independent third-party valuation analyses. The determinations of the fair value of our common stock were made using methodologies, approaches, and assumptions consistent with the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Accounting and Valuation Guide: Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation. In valuing our common stock, we determined the equity value of our business using a combination of the market and income approach valuation methods. The total enterprise value was then allocated to our various share classes using a hybrid approach consisting of the option pricing model OPM and probability-weighted expected return method PWERM ). The OPM considers preferred stockholders liquidation preferences, participation rights, dividend policy, and conversion rights to determine how proceeds from a liquidity event shall be distributed among the various ownership classes at a future date, whereas the PWERM estimates the fair market value of the common stock based on an analysis of future values for various potential liquidity outcomes. Since there was no active market for our common stock, we also applied a discount for lack of marketability for both OPM and PWERM scenarios. Application of these approaches and methods involves the use of estimates, judgments, and assumptions, such as future revenue, expenses and cash flows, selections of comparable companies, probabilities and timing of exit events, and other factors. The fair value of our common stock, utilizing the above methodology prior to the closing of the Business Combination, was used to determine the fair value of the United warrants, and was a key input in the estimation of the fair value of our stock options (as discussed below). 
 Since the closing of the Business Combination in September 2021, the fair value of our common stock is based on the closing price of our Class A common stock, as quoted on the NYSE, on the date of grant. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We account for stock-based compensation awards granted to employees and non-employees by recording compensation expense based on each award s grant date estimated fair value over the vesting period, in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation . We estimate the fair value of RSUs based on the fair value of our common stock on the date of grant. We estimate the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Determining the fair value of stock options under this model requires highly subjective assumptions, including the fair value of the underlying common stock, the risk-free interest rate, the expected term of the award, the expected volatility of the price of our common stock, and the expected dividend yield of our common stock. These estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. If we had made different assumptions, our stock-based compensation expense could have been materially different. We have not issued any stock options since the closing of the Business Combination. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 The fair value of RSUs that vest based on service conditions is determined based on the value of the underlying common stock at the date of grant. The Founder Grants vest when either a market condition or performance condition is satisfied. We determined the fair value of the performance award by utilizing the trading price on the Closing Date. When the applicable performance milestone is deemed probable of being achieved, we will recognize compensation expense for the portion earned to date over the requisite period. For the market condition award, we estimated the fair value using a Monte Carlo simulation model. We recognize compensation expense for the market award on a straight-line basis over the derived service period. Determining the fair value for the market condition award under this model requires subjective assumptions, including the expected volatility of the price of our common stock. If the applicable performance condition is not probable of being achieved, compensation cost for the value of the award incorporating the market condition is recognized, so long as the requisite service is provided. If the performance milestone becomes probable of being achieved, the full fair value of the award will be recognized, and any remaining expense for the market award will be cancelled. 
 Income Taxes 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States. Our income tax provision consists of an estimate of federal and state income taxes based on enacted federal and state tax rates, as adjusted for allowable credits, deductions, uncertain tax positions, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, and changes in tax laws. 
 We recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if we believe that it is more-likely-than-not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. Although we believe that we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, we can provide no assurance that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be materially different. We make adjustments to these reserves when facts and circumstances change, such as the closing of issues under audit or expiration of statute of limitation, changes in or interpretations of tax law. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences may affect the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made and could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Significant judgment is applied when assessing the need for valuation allowances and includes the evaluation of historical income (loss) adjusted for the effects of non-recurring items. Areas of estimation include consideration of future taxable income. We have placed a full valuation allowance against its federal and state deferred tax assets since the recovery of the assets is uncertain. Should a change in circumstances lead to a change in judgment about the utilization of deferred tax assets in future years, the adjustment related to valuation allowances would be reported as an increase to income. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 3 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for a discussion about accounting pronouncements recently adopted and recently issued and not yet adopted. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 Financial instruments, which subjects us to concentrations of credit risk, consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments. Our cash and cash equivalents are held at major financial institutions located in the United States of America. At times, cash account balances with any one financial institution may exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limits 250 thousand per depositor per institution). Management believes the financial institutions that hold our cash and cash equivalents are financially sound and, accordingly, minimal credit risk exists with respect to cash and cash equivalents. Our short-term investments consist of high quality, investment grade marketable securities and are held at a major financial institution located in the United States. We have established guidelines regarding diversification of our investments and their maturities that are designed to preserve principal and achieve liquidity requirements. We review these guidelines and modify them as necessary based on updated liquidity needs and changes in our operations and financial position. 
 
 Emerging Growth Company and Smaller Reporting Company Status 
 
 Section 107(b) of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. Thus, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. Atlas initially elected, and now we have elected, to take advantage of the extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards and to adopt certain of the reduced disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies. As a result of the accounting standards election, we are not subject to the same implementation timeline for new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies which may make comparison of our financials to those of other public companies more difficult. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 We have also elected to take advantage of some of the reduced regulatory and reporting requirements of emerging growth companies pursuant to the JOBS Act so long as we qualify as an emerging growth company, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and exemptions from the requirements of holding non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation and golden parachute payments. 
 Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our shares of common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our shares of common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to market risk for changes in interest rates applicable to our short-term investments. We had cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments in marketable securities totaling 534.2 million as of December 31, 2022. Cash equivalents and short-term investments were invested primarily in money market funds, U.S. Treasury securities, corporate debt securities and commercial paper. The primary objectives of our investment activities are to preserve principal and achieve liquidity requirements. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Due to the relatively short-term nature of our investment portfolio, a hypothetical 100 basis point change in interest rates would not have had a material impact on the fair value of our portfolio for the periods presented. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 43 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 44 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 45 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 46 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 47 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 48 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 49 

42 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Archer Aviation Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive loss, of stockholders equity and of cash flows for the years then ended, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ 

March 15, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In millions, except share and per share data) 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Short-term investments Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Right-of-use assets Other long-term assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Current portion of lease liabilities Current portion of notes payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Notes payable, net of current portion Lease liabilities, net of current portion Warrant liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) 
 Stockholders equity Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In millions, except share and per share data) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Operating expenses Research and development General and administrative Other warrant expense Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan Other income, net Interest income (expense), net ) Loss before income taxes ) ) Net loss ) ) Net loss per share, basic and diluted Weighted-average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 (In millions) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss: Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities, net of tax ) Comprehensive loss ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (In millions, except share data) 
 Common Stock Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Capital 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Loss 
 Total Class A Class B Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) Conversion of Class B common stock to Class A common stock ) Issuance of restricted stock and restricted stock expense Exercise of stock options Issuance of warrants and warrant expense Cancellation of Class B common stock (Note 10) ) Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 Common Stock Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Capital 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Loss 
 Total Class A Class B Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) Conversion of Class B common stock to Class A common stock ) Issuance of restricted stock and restricted stock expense Exercise of stock options Issuance of warrants and warrant expense Exercise of warrants Stock-based compensation Issuance of Class A common stock pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement PIPE financing Net loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In millions) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation, amortization and other Debt discount and issuance cost amortization Stock-based compensation Change in fair value of warrant liabilities and other warrant costs ) ) Non-cash lease expense Research and development warrant expense Other warrant expense Interest income on short-term investments ) Accretion and amortization income of short-term investments ) Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses ) ) Other current assets ) ) Other long-term assets ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Operating lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, net ) ) Other long-term liabilities Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities Purchase of short-term investments ) Proceeds from maturities of short-term investments Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuance of debt Repayment of debt ) Proceeds from PIPE financing Recapitalization transaction Recapitalization transaction costs ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from exercise of stock warrants Payment of debt issuance costs ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental Cash Flow Information: Cash paid for interest Non-cash investing and financing activities: Purchases of property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Allocation of debt proceeds to stock warrants Conversion of convertible preferred stock to common stock in connection with the reverse recapitalization PIPE financing issuance costs settled with the issuance of Class A common stock Recapitalization transaction costs settled with the issuance of Class A common stock 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1 - 
 complementary lines of business. The Company s core focus is direct-to-consumer offerings Archer UAM with its secondary focus being business-to-business offerings Archer Direct ). 
 
 Archer UAM 
 
 The Company plans to operate its own UAM ecosystem initially in select major U.S. cities. The Company s UAM ecosystem will operate using its eVTOL aircraft which is currently in development. 
 
 Archer Direct 
 
 The Company also plans to selectively sell a certain amount of its eVTOL aircraft to third parties. 
 
 Business Combination 
 
 On September 16, 2021 (the Closing Date ), Archer Aviation, Inc., a Delaware corporation (prior to the closing of the Business Combination (as defined below), Legacy Archer ), Atlas Crest Investment Corp., a Delaware corporation Atlas ), and Artemis Acquisition Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Atlas Merger Sub ), consummated the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, dated February 10, 2021, as amended and restated on July 29, 2021, by and among Atlas, Legacy Archer and Merger Sub (the Business Combination Agreement ), following approval at a special meeting of the stockholders of Atlas held on September 14, 2021 (the Special Meeting ). Unless otherwise specified or unless the context otherwise requires, references in these notes to Legacy Archer refer to Archer prior to the Business Combination and references in these notes to New Archer refer to Archer following the Business Combination. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, a business combination of Legacy Archer and Atlas was effected by the merger of Merger Sub with and into Legacy Archer, with Legacy Archer surviving the merger (the Surviving Entity as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Atlas (the Merger, and, collectively with the other transactions described in the Business Combination Agreement, the Business Combination ). Following the consummation of the Merger on the Closing Date, the Surviving Entity changed its name from Archer Aviation, Inc. to Archer Aviation Operating Corp., and Atlas changed its name from Atlas Crest Investment Corp. to Archer Aviation Inc. and it became the successor registrant with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Prior to the closing of the Business Combination, the Class A common stock and public warrants of Atlas were listed on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbols ACIC and ACIC WS, respectively. New Archer Class A common stock and public warrants are currently listed on the NYSE under the symbols ACHR and ACHR WS, respectively. 
 The financial statements included in this report reflect (i) the historical operating results of Legacy Archer prior to the Business Combination; (ii) the combined results of Atlas and Legacy Archer following the closing of the Business Combination; (iii) the assets and liabilities of Legacy Archer at their historical cost; and (iv) the Company s equity structure for all periods presented. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Note 2 - 
 million. Following the closing of the Business Combination on the Closing Date, the Company received net cash proceeds of million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of million and short-term investments in marketable securities of million, which management believes will be sufficient to fund the Company s current operating plan for at least the next 12 months from the date these consolidated financial statements were issued. 
 There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in achieving its business plans, that the Company s current capital will be sufficient to support its ongoing business plans, or that any additional financing will be available in a timely manner or on acceptable terms, if at all. If the Company s business plans require it to raise additional capital, but the Company is unable to do so, it may be required to alter, or scale back its aircraft design, development and certification programs, as well as its manufacturing capabilities, or be unable to fund capital expenditures. Any such events would have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations, cash flows, and ability to achieve the Company s intended business plans. 
 
 Note 3 - 
 
 Retroactive Application of Reverse Recapitalization 
 
 As discussed in Note 4, Reverse Recapitalization and Related Transactions, the Business Combination was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization of equity structure. Pursuant to U.S. GAAP, the Company retrospectively recast its weighted-average outstanding shares within the Company s consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. As part of the closing, all of Legacy Archer s issued Series Seed redeemable convertible preferred stock and Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock were converted into Legacy Archer common stock, which were converted again, along with all other issued and outstanding common stock of Legacy Archer, into New Archer Class A common stock and New Archer Class B common stock. The basic and diluted weighted-average Legacy Archer common stock were retroactively converted to New Archer Class A common stock and New Archer Class B common stock to conform to the recast in the consolidated statements of stockholders equity. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Cash and cash equivalent balances were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of which money market funds were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Restricted cash consists of cash held as security for the Company s standby letters of credit to support three of the Company s leased properties. Refer to Note 8 - Commitments and Contingencies for further details. 
 
 Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Short-Term Investments: U.S. Treasury securities Corporate debt securities Commercial paper Liabilities: Warrant Liability Public Warrants Warrant Liability Private Placement Warrants 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 Description Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets: Money market funds Liabilities: Warrant Liability Public Warrants Warrant Liability Private Placement Warrants 

52 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Short-Term Investments: U.S. Treasury securities ) Corporate debt securities Commercial paper Total ) 
 
 The unrealized losses related to the Company s short-term investments were primarily due to changes in interest rates and not due to increased credit risk or other valuation concerns. T he Company had no other-than-temporary impairments for the year ended December 31, 2022 . 

The quoted price of the public warrants was per warrant as of December 31, 2022. 
 Strike price Dividend yield Term (in years) Volatility Risk-free rate 
 
 Addition of private placement warrants Change in fair value ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Change in fair value ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million and million within other income, net in the consolidated statements of operations during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Refer to Note 13 for additional information about the public and private placement warrants. 
 -year estimated useful life on a straight-line basis or based on the pattern in which economic benefits are consumed, if reliably determinable. The Company reviews intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The Company has analyzed a variety of factors in light of the known impact to date of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s business to determine if any circumstance could trigger an impairment loss, and, at this time and based on the information presently known, does not believe that it is more likely than not that an impairment loss has been incurred. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the net carrying amounts for domain names were million and million recorded in the Company s consolidated balance sheets, respectively. 
 Computer hardware Computer software Website design Leasehold improvements Shorter of lease term or the asset standard life 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company recognized million of capitalized cloud computing implementation costs. 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 million and million of expense related to the restricted stock units granted to the Company s founders pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Business Combination Agreement immediately prior to closing (the Founder Grants ), for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Refer to Note 10 - Stock-Based Compensation for additional information. 
 
 Refer to Note 10 - Stock-Based Compensation for additional information. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 56 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

57 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Unvested restricted stock units Warrants Shares issuable under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Note 10) 
 Total 
 reportable segment, as the CODM reviews financial information presented on a combined basis for purposes of making operating decisions, allocating resources, and evaluating financial performance. Given the Company s pre-revenue operating stage, it currently has no concentration exposure to products, services, or customers. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 4 - 
 
 (the Exchange Ratio ). Additionally, upon closing the Business Combination, Legacy Archer received million in cash proceeds released from Atlas trust account, after redemptions of million. At the closing of the Business Combination, each non-redeemed outstanding share of Atlas Class A common stock was converted into share of Class A common stock of New Archer. 
 
 Upon consummation of the Business Combination, the shares of Legacy Archer held by Legacy Archer stockholders converted into shares of common stock of New Archer, including shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock. 
 
 While the legal acquirer in the Business Combination was Atlas, for accounting and financial reporting purposes under U.S. GAAP, Legacy Archer is the accounting acquirer and the Business Combination was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization. A reverse recapitalization does not result in a new basis of accounting, and the financial statements of the combined entity represent the continuation of the financial statements of Legacy Archer in many respects. Under this method of accounting, Atlas was treated as the acquired company. Accordingly, the consolidated assets, liabilities, and results of operations of Legacy Archer became the historical financial statements of New Archer, and Atlas assets and liabilities were consolidated with Legacy Archer s on the Closing Date. Operations prior to the Business Combination are presented as those of New Archer in reports subsequent to the Closing Date. 
 
 Warrant liability ) Net assets acquired 
 The Company accounted for the Business Combination as a tax-free reorganization. 
 
 Additionally, as part of the recapitalization, shares of Atlas Class A common stock held by Atlas Crest Investment LLC (the Atlas Sponsor were exchanged with shares of New Archer Class A common stock that will be subject to forfeiture if the vesting condition is not met over the term following the Closing Date. The vesting condition states that these earn-out shares of New Archer Class A common stock will vest if the New Archer s Class A common stock volume weighted-average price, as defined in the Amended and Restated Sponsor Letter Agreement, by and among Atlas Sponsor, Atlas, Legacy Archer, and the individuals named therein, is greater than or equal to per share for any period of ten ) trading days out of twenty ) consecutive trading days. 
 
 The earn-out shares were recognized at fair value upon the closing of the Business Combination and classified in stockholders equity (with no net impact to APIC) since the earn-out shares were determined to be indexed to the Company s own equity and meet the requirements for equity classification. 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, all of the issued and outstanding series seed redeemable convertible preferred stock and series A redeemable convertible preferred stock converted into shares of Legacy Archer common stock immediately prior to the Business Combination. Then, as of the closing of the Business Combination, all outstanding shares of Legacy Archer common stock converted into shares of New Archer Class A and B common stock. Additionally, each of Legacy Archer options, RSUs, and warrants that were outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Business Combination remained outstanding and converted into options, RSUs, and warrants for New Archer Class A and Class B common stock equal to the number of the Company s common stock, subject to such options, RSUs, or warrants, 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 . Additionally, of outstanding RSUs vested at the closing of the Business Combination into New Archer Class B common stock. 
 
 Substantially concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, Atlas entered into Subscription Agreements (the Subscription Agreements with certain investors in the PIPE Financing (the Subscription Investors ). Pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, the Subscription Investors agreed to purchase, and Atlas agreed to sell to the Subscription Investors, an aggregate of shares of New Archer Class A common stock for a purchase price of .00 per share, or an aggregate of million in gross cash proceeds. Pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, Atlas granted certain registration rights to the Subscription Investors with respect to the shares issued and sold in the PIPE Financing. The closing of the PIPE Financing occurred immediately prior to the closing of the Business Combination. In conjunction with the PIPE Financing, shares of New Archer Class A common stock were issued to satisfy certain fees related to the Business Combination and PIPE Financing. 
 
 Common stock issued through option exercises between July 1, 2021 and September 16, 2021 Vesting of unvested shares between July 1, 2021 and September 16, 2021 Common stock outstanding prior to the Business Combination Conversion of preferred stock Common stock attributable to Atlas Adjustment related to reverse recapitalization Restricted stock units vested at closing Common stock attributable to PIPE Financing Total shares of common stock as of closing of the Business Combination and related transactions as of September 16, 2021 
 
 The corresponding adjustment to APIC related to the reverse recapitalization was comprised of (i) million which represents the fair value of the consideration transferred in the Business Combination, less the excess of the fair value of the shares issued over the value of the net monetary assets of Atlas, net of transaction costs and (ii) million which represents the conversion of the convertible preferred stock into New Archer Class A and Class B common stock. 
 
 At the Closing Date, Legacy Archer had outstanding options and RSUs under the 2019 Plan (as defined below) in addition to outstanding warrants, which remained outstanding and converted into options, RSUs, and warrants in New Archer Class A or B common stock, as derived by multiplying the number of Legacy Archer common stock subject to such option or warrant by the Exchange Ratio. In addition, of the RSUs outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Business Combination, vested at closing into New Archer Class B common stock. The options and warrants shall be exercised at an exercise price per share equal to the current exercise price per share for such option or warrant divided by the Exchange Ratio. 
 
 Following the Business Combination, Atlas warrants to purchase shares of New Archer Class A common stock, consisting of (i) public warrants listed on the NYSE and (ii) private warrants, each with an exercise price of per share, remained outstanding. 
 
 As part of the closing, total direct and incremental transaction costs aggregated million, of which million was expensed as part of the Business Combination, million was recorded to APIC as equity issuance costs, and the remaining million was settled through the issuance of shares of New Archer Class A common stock. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Note 5 - 
 Computer hardware Computer software Website design Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Total property and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 Construction in progress includes costs incurred for leasehold improvements and other assets that have not yet been placed in service. 
 General and administrative Total depreciation expense 
 
 Note 6 - 
 Accrued employee costs Accrued parts and materials Taxes payable Accrued capital expenditures Accrued cloud computing implementation costs Accrued marketing fees Other current liabilities Total 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Note 7 - 
 Term Loans unamortized discount and loan issuance costs ) ) Total debt, net of discount and loan issuance costs Less current portion, net of discount and loan issuance costs ) ) Total long-term notes payable, net of discount and loan issuance costs 
 
 SVB Loan 
 On July 9, 2021, the Company, as the borrower, entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with SVB and SVB Innovation Credit Fund VIII, L.P. SVB Innovation as the lenders, and SVB as the collateral agent. The total principal amount of the loans is million (the Term Loans ), and all obligations due under the Term Loans are collateralized by all of the Company s right, title, and interest in and to its specified personal property in favor of the collateral agent. The Term Loans include events of default and covenant provisions, whereby accelerated repayment may result if the Company were to default. The Term Loans are subject to a final payment fee which was determined to be zero as a result of the completion of the Business Combination prior to October 10, 2021 (the Outside Date ). On January 1, 2022, the Company began repaying the Term Loans, which are payable in equal monthly installments, including principal and interest. The interest rate on the loans is a floating rate per annum equal to the greater of (1) and (2) the Prime Rate plus the Prime Rate Margin (each as defined in the Loan and Security Agreement), which increases by per annum upon the occurrence of an event of default. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized interest expense of million and million, respectively. 
 Additionally, in conjunction with the issuance of the Term Loans, the Company issued warrants to SVB and warrants to SVB Innovation, totaling warrants. The Company issued the warrants to the lenders as consideration for entering into the Term Loans, representing a loan issuance fee. Each warrant provides SVB and SVB Innovation with the right to purchase share of the Company s Class A common stock. The Company recorded the warrants as a liability at their fair value, which is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized as a gain or loss in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. See Note 13 - Liability Classified Warrants for further details. The initial offsetting entry to the warrant liability was a debt discount recorded to reflect the loan issuance fee. The Company estimated the fair value of the warrants at the issuance date to be million using the probability-weighted fair value of the warrants under two scenarios, the Business Combination occurring prior to, or after, the Outside Date, with the first scenario of the Business Combination occurring prior to the Outside Date weighted at and the second scenario of the Business Combination occurring after the Outside Date weighted at . For the second scenario, the Company determined the fair value of the warrants using a Monte Carlo simulation approach. Determining the fair value of these warrants under this model requires subjective assumptions. 
 Upon the closing of the Business Combination, the SVB warrants became public warrants. The subsequent measurement of the SVB warrants as of December 31, 2022 is classified as Level 1 due to the use of an observable market quote in an active market under the ticker ACHR WS. The quoted price of the public warrants was as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company also incurred issuance costs of million. The discount and loan issuance costs will be amortized to interest expense over the commitment period of months. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized interest expense of million and million related to the amortization of the discount and loan issuance costs, respectively. The unamortized balance of the discount and loan issuance costs was million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Note 8 - 
 rentable square feet of building space in the building located at 190 West Tasman Drive, San Jose, California, which serves as the Company s corporate headquarters. The term of the sublease commenced on February 26, 2022 and will expire on October 31, 2026, with right to extend. The Company is also responsible for certain other costs under the sublease, such as certain build-out expenses, operating expenses, taxes, assessments, insurance, and utilities. 
 
 On March 9, 2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement with SIR Properties Trust. The lease is for approximately rentable square feet of building space in the building located at 77 Rio Robles, San Jose, California. The Company intends that the premises will be used for lab space and a low rate initial production facility. The term of the lease commences days after the landlord delivers possession of the premises to the Company, subject to certain demolition work being completed, and will expire months thereafter, with an option for the Company to extend the term for additional period. The Company is also responsible for certain other costs under the lease, such as certain build-out expenses, operating expenses, taxes, assessments, insurance, and utilities. However, the Company is expected to receive a million leasehold improvement allowance from the landlord that will be applied against certain of the Company s build-out expenses. The Company took possession of the premises on October 8, 2022, and therefore the lease commenced in accordance with ASC 842. 
 Short-term lease cost Total lease cost 
 The Company s weighted-average remaining lease term and discount rate as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 2022 2021 Weighted-average remaining lease term (in months) Weighted-average discount rate 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future lease payments Less: leasehold improvement allowance ) Total net future lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Present value of future lease payments 
 Operating lease liabilities from obtaining right-of-use assets 
 Letter of Credit 
 On September 15, 2020, in conjunction with the operating lease for the Company s old headquarters, the Company entered into a standby letter of credit in the amount of million in favor of the Company s lessor, in lieu of paying cash to the lessor to satisfy the security deposit requirements of the leased property. The standby letter of credit expired on September 30, 2021. On June 24, 2021, the Company entered into a standby letter of credit for the same amount, which automatically renews annually through September 1, 2023. 
 
 On February 23, 2022, in conjunction with the sublease the Company entered into for its new corporate headquarters, the Company entered into a standby letter of credit in the amount of million in favor of the lessor, to satisfy the security deposit or other obligations of the leased property. The standby letter of credit will be automatically reduced and renewed annually through February 1, 2026. 
 
 On March 31, 2022, in conjunction with the lease the Company entered into for its new lab space and low rate initial production facility, the Company entered into a standby letter of credit in the amount of million in favor of the lessor, to satisfy the security deposit of the leased property. The standby letter of credit automatically renews annually through September 28, 2030. 
 Litigation 
 During the ordinary course of the business, the Company may be subject to legal proceedings, various claims, and litigation. Such proceedings can be costly, time consuming, and unpredictable, and therefore, no assurance can be given that the final outcome of such proceedings will not materially impact our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Wisk Litigation 
 On April 6, 2021, Wisk Aero LLC Wisk brought a lawsuit against the Company in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California (the District Court alleging misappropriation of trade secrets and patent infringement. The Company has filed certain counterclaims for defamation, tortious interference and unfair competition. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 of Wisk s asserted patents as invalid, which the District Court granted on April 19, 2022. The District Court separately ordered Wisk to narrow its trade secret case to 10 of the alleged trade secrets and its patent case to eight claims across all patents that remain in the case. Wisk has now narrowed its claims as ordered. The deadline for filing motions for summary judgment and motions to exclude expert evidence is March 19, 2023. The District Court is scheduled to hear oral argument on those motions on May 12, 2023. A trial on Wisk s claims and the Company s counterclaims is currently scheduled to begin on August 14, 2023. 
 On April 6, 2022, the Company brought a lawsuit against The Boeing Company Boeing in the Superior Court of California, County of Santa Clara (the Superior Court ), asserting substantially the same claims set forth in the Company s counterclaims against Wisk. On April 11, 2022, the Superior Court issued an order staying discovery and the responsive pleading deadline until after the case management conference set for August 2022. On September 6, 2022, the Superior Court entered an order approving the parties joint stipulation to stay the Company s lawsuit against Boeing pending the resolution of the lawsuit between Wisk and the Company in the District Court. 
 The Company continues to strongly believe Wisk s lawsuit is without merit. The Company will continue to vigorously defend itself against Wisk s claims and pursue the Company s counterclaims against Wisk and its claims against Boeing. Because the Company cannot yet predict the outcome of these proceedings or their potential impact on the Company and its business, the Company has concluded that a potential loss amount or a potential range of loss is not probable or reasonably estimable under ASC 450, Contingencies, and therefore has not accrued any amounts related to the award of damages or settlement of this matter with Wisk. Therefore, a negative result in these proceedings could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, liquidity, operations, and cash flows. 
 
 Note 9 - 
 shares of Class A common stock, par value per share, shares of Class B common stock, par value per share, and shares of preferred stock, par value per share. There were and shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were and shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 As of December 31, 2022, shares of preferred stock were outstanding, and the Company has no present plans to issue any shares of preferred stock. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers and preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series of preferred stock. The board of directors is able to, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of the board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control or the removal of existing management. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the stockholders, and holders of Class B common stock are entitled to votes per share on all matters to be voted upon by the stockholders. The holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock will generally vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, unless otherwise required by Delaware law or the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 
 Dividends 
 Holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are entitled to receive such dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Company s board of directors in its discretion out of funds legally available therefor. No dividends on common stock have been declared by the Company s board of directors through December 31, 2022, and the Company does not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 Preemptive Rights 
 Stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to Class A common stock and Class B common stock. 
 Conversion 
 Each share of Class B common stock is convertible at any time at the option of the holder into share of Class A common stock. In addition, each share of Class B common stock will automatically convert into share of Class A common stock upon transfer to a non-authorized holder. In addition, Class B common stock is subject to sunset provisions, under which all shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into an equal number of shares of Class A common stock upon the earliest to occur of (i) the anniversary of the closing of the Business Combination, (ii) the date specified by the holders of two-thirds of the then outstanding Class B common stock, voting as a separate class, and (iii) when the number of Class B common stock represents less than of the aggregate number of Class A common stock and Class B common stock then outstanding. In addition, each share of Class B common stock will automatically convert into an equal number of Class A common stock upon the earliest to occur of (a) in the case of a founder of the Company, the date that is nine months following the death or incapacity of such founder, and, in the case of any other holder, the date of the death or incapacity of such holder, (b) in the case of a founder of the company, the date that is months following the date that such founder ceases to provide services to the Company and its subsidiaries as an executive officer, employee or director of the Company, and, in the case of any other holder, immediately at the occurrence of any such event, and (c) in the case of a founder of the Company or any other holder, at least (subject to customary capitalization adjustments) of the Class B common stock held by such founder (on a fully as converted/as exercised basis) as of immediately following the closing of the Business Combination having been transferred (subject to exceptions for certain permitted transfers). 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and shares of Class B common stock were converted into Class A common stock, respectively. 
 Liquidation 
 In the event of the Company s voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, distribution of assets or winding-up, subject to preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of the Company s common stock will be entitled to receive an equal amount per share of all of the Company s assets of whatever kind available for distribution to stockholders, after the rights of the holders of any preferred stock have been satisfied. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Note 10 - 
 . In addition, the number of shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance under the Amended and Restated 2021 Plan will automatically increase on January 1st of each year, starting on January 1, 2023 and ending on (and including) January 1, 2031, in an amount equal to the lesser of (1) of the total number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding year, or (2) a lesser number of Class A common stock determined by the board of directors prior to the date of the increase. The Amended and Restated 2021 Plan provides for the grant of incentive and non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, performance awards, and other awards to employees, directors, and non-employees. 
 In connection with the adoption of the 2021 Plan, the Company ceased issuing awards under its 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan ). Following the closing of the Business Combination, the Company assumed the outstanding stock options under the 2019 Plan and converted such stock options into options to purchase the Company s common stock. Such stock options will continue to be governed by the terms of the 2019 Plan and the stock option agreements thereunder, until such outstanding options are exercised or until they terminate or expire. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 In August 2021, the Company adopted the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ), which became effective immediately upon the closing of the Business Combination. The ESPP permits eligible employees to purchase shares of Class A common stock at a price equal to of the lower of the fair market value of Class A common stock on the first day of an offering or on the date of purchase. The maximum number of shares of Class A common stock that may be issued under the ESPP will not exceed shares. Additionally, the number of shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance under the ESPP will automatically increase on January 1st of each year, beginning on January 1, 2022 and continuing through and including January 1, 2031, by the lesser of (i) of the total number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year; (ii) shares of Class A common stock; or (iii) such lesser number of shares of the Company as determined by the board of directors. In accordance therewith, the number of shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance under the ESPP increased by on January 1, 2022. 
 
 The Company currently offers six-month offering periods, and at the end of each offering period, which occurs every six months on May 31 and November 30, employees can elect to purchase shares of the Company s Class A common stock with contributions of up to 15 of their base pay, accumulated via payroll deductions, subject to certain limitations. 
 
 The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to calculate the grant date fair value of each award granted under the ESPP. 
 
 Risk-free interest rate Term (in years) Volatility Dividend yield Grant date fair value per share 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of million for the awards granted under the ESPP. There were no ESPP offerings for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million for the awards granted under the ESPP, which is expected to be recognized over the current six-month offering period until May 31, 2023. 
 
 Quarterly Equity Awards 
 Subject to the achievement of certain performance goals established by the Company from time to time, the Company s employees are eligible to receive an annual incentive bonus that will entitle them to a quarterly grant of a number of restricted stock units RSUs determined by dividing of the annual bonus target amount by the closing price of the Company s Class A common stock on the date of grant. The RSUs will be fully vested on the date of grant. Furthermore, all the quarterly equity awards are contingent and issued only upon approval by the Company s board of directors. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of million related to these quarterly equity awards. There were no quarterly equity awards granted for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Stock Options 
 Exercised ) Expired/forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 
 Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 
 
 There were options granted for the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted incentive and non-statutory stock options under the 2019 Plan. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Non-employee stock options Expected term (in years): Employee stock options Non-employee stock options Expected volatility: Employee stock options Non-employee stock options Dividend yield: Employee stock options Non-employee stock options Grant date fair value per share: Employee stock options Non-employee stock options 
 The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of million and million for stock options for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total remaining stock-based compensation expense for unvested stock options was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted RSUs under the 2021 Plan and the Amended and Restated 2021 Plan. The RSUs generally vest over a three - or period with a straight-line vesting and a or cliff and remain subject to forfeiture if vesting conditions are not met. Upon vesting, RSUs are settled in Class A 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 -for-one basis. The shares of Class A common stock underlying RSU grants are not issued and outstanding until the applicable vesting date. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted RSUs under the Amended and Restated 2021 Plan, representing the quarterly equity awards for the Company s first three fiscal quarters of 2022. The RSUs were fully vested on the date of grant and settled in Class A common stock on a -for-one basis. 
 In addition, in July 2022, the Company granted RSUs under the Amended and Restated 2021 Plan. The RSUs vest over three and a half years with a straight-line vesting and remain subject to forfeiture if vesting conditions are not met. Upon vesting, RSUs are settled in Class A common stock on a -for-one basis. The shares of Class A common stock underlying RSU grants are not issued and outstanding until the applicable vesting date. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted RSUs under the 2021 Plan. The RSUs generally vest over a three or period with a straight-line vesting and a or cliff and remain subject to forfeiture if vesting conditions are not met. Upon vesting, RSUs are settled in Class A common stock on a -for-one basis. The shares of Class A common stock underlying this grant are not issued and outstanding until the applicable vesting date. 
 Immediately prior to closing of the Business Combination, each of the Company s founders was granted RSUs under the 2019 Plan pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Business Combination Agreement. Considering each of the founder s existing equity ownership and assuming the Founder Grants fully vest, it would result in each of the founders owning approximately of all outstanding shares of the Total Outstanding Capitalization of the Company (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement). One-quarter of each Founder Grant vests upon the achievement of the earlier to occur of (i) a price-based milestone or (ii) a performance-based milestone, with a different set of such price and performance-based milestones applying to each quarter of each Founder Grant and so long as the achievement occurs within following the closing of the Business Combination. 
 
 The Company accounts for the Founder Grants as separate tranches, with each tranche consisting of two award grants, a performance award grant and market award grant. Each tranche vests when either the market condition or performance condition is satisfied (only one condition is satisfied). The Company determined the fair value of the performance award by utilizing the trading price on the Closing Date. When the applicable performance milestone is deemed probable of being achieved, the Company will recognize compensation expense for the portion earned to date over the requisite period. For the market award, the Company determined both the fair value and derived service period using a Monte Carlo simulation model on the Closing Date. The Company will recognize compensation expense for the market award on a straight-line basis over the derived service period. If the applicable performance condition is not probable of being achieved, compensation cost for the value of the award incorporating the market condition is recognized, so long as the requisite service is provided. If the performance milestone becomes probable of being achieved, the full fair value of the award will be recognized, and any remaining expense for the market award will be cancelled. 
 
 Term (in years) Volatility Risk-free interest rate Dividend yield 
 
 One-quarter of each Founder Grant, totaling shares each of Class B common stock, vested immediately prior to the Closing Date pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Business Combination Agreement. 
 
 On April 14, 2022, the vested shares of Class B common stock of Brett Adcock, the Company s co-founder and former co-CEO, were cancelled. Following the separation of Mr. Adcock from the Company on April 13, 2022 (the Separation Date ), Mr. Adcock s unvested shares of Class B common stock for the remaining tranches remain 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 months from the Separation Date pursuant to the original terms of the Founder Grants. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded million of stock-based compensation expense for the amortized portion of the market award for the remaining three tranches in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded million of stock-based compensation expense for the vesting of the first tranche and the amortized portion of the market award for the remaining three tranches in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded million and million of stock-based compensation expense, respectively, related to RSUs (excluding the Founder Grants). 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total remaining stock-based compensation expense for unvested RSUs (including the Founder Grants) was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 The Company records stock-based compensation expense for stock-based compensation awards based on the fair value on the date of grant. The stock-based compensation expense is recognized ratably over the course of the requisite service period. 
 
 The Company has elected to account for forfeitures as they occur and will record stock-based compensation expense assuming all stockholders will complete the requisite service period. If an employee forfeits an award because they fail to complete the requisite service period, the Company will reverse stock-based compensation expense previously recognized in the period the award is forfeited. 
 General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 Warrants 
 Issued Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 Vested as of December 31, 2022 
 
 United Airlines 
 On January 29, 2021, the Company entered into the United Purchase Agreement, United Collaboration Agreement, and United Warrant Agreement. Under the terms of the United Purchase Agreement, United has a conditional purchase order for up to of the Company s aircraft, with an option to purchase an additional aircraft. Those purchases are conditioned upon the Company meeting certain conditions that include, but are not limited to, the certification of the Company s aircraft by the FAA and further negotiation and reaching of mutual agreement on certain material terms related to the purchases. The 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 warrants to United to purchase shares of the Company s Class A common stock. Each warrant provides United with the right to purchase share of the Company s Class A common stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrants were initially expected to vest in installments in accordance with the following milestones: the execution of the United Purchase Agreement and the United Collaboration Agreements, the completion of the Business Combination, the certification of the aircraft by the FAA, and the sale of aircraft to United. 
 On August 9, 2022, the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 to the United Purchase Agreement (the Amended United Purchase Agreement and Amendment No. 1 to the United Warrant Agreement (the Amended United Warrant Agreement ). In association with the Amended United Purchase Agreement, the Company received a million pre-delivery payment from United for of the Company s aircraft (the Pre-Delivery Payment ), which was recognized as a contract liability in other long-term liabilities in the Company s consolidated condensed balance sheets. Pursuant to the Amended United Warrant Agreement, the vesting condition of the fourth milestone of the United Warrant Agreement was modified, and the warrants now vest in four installments in accordance with the following sub-milestones: (i) warrants vested upon receipt by the Company of the Pre-Delivery Payment on August 9, 2022; (ii) warrants shall vest on February 9, 2023 upon the six-month anniversary of the amendment date; (iii) warrants shall vest upon the acceptance and delivery of each of the Company s aircraft; and (iv) warrants shall vest upon the acceptance and delivery of each of the Company s aircraft. 
 The Company determined that as a result of the relationship established by signing the United Purchase Agreement, United is a customer with the intention of obtaining the output of the Company s ordinary activities (design and production of aircraft). United has not contracted to share in the risks and benefits of development of the aircraft, and United is not otherwise involved in the development of the aircraft. As a result, the Company accounts for the United Purchase Agreement (including the subsequent amendment) and the United Collaboration Agreements under ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . The Company identified the sale of each aircraft ordered by United as a separate performance obligation in the contract. As the performance obligations have not been satisfied, the Company has not recognized any revenue as of December 31, 2022. 
 With respect to the warrant vesting milestones outlined above, the Company accounts for them as consideration payable to a customer under ASC 606 related to the future purchase of aircraft by United. The Company determined that the warrants are classified as equity awards based on the criteria of ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and ASC 718. Pursuant to ASC 718, the Company measured the grant date fair value of the warrants to be recognized upon the achievement of each of the original milestones and the vesting of the related warrants. 
 On January 29, 2021, a valuation of the Company s common stock was performed, valuing the Company s common stock at per share. The value of the common stock was determined using a hybrid approach of the OPM and PWERM, with the PWERM weighted at primarily based on management s expectation of the planned merger as described in Note 1 and the OPM weighted at due to uncertainties in the timing of other possible scenarios. The Company used the OPM to allocate value in a stay private scenario. Given the exercise price, each warrant also had a fair value of at the grant date. 
 Pursuant to ASC 606, consideration payable to the customer is generally accounted for as a reduction to revenue and recorded at the later of when (i) the entity recognizes revenue for the transfer of related goods, or (ii) the entity pays the consideration. Due to the nature of the warrant vesting milestones, and the Company s unique circumstances upon the actual or anticipated vesting dates as described below, the recognition pattern and cost presentation of each will differ. For the first milestone, issuance of the warrant in conjunction with the execution of the United Purchase Agreement and the United Collaboration Agreements, the Company recorded the grant date fair value of the respective warrant tranche at the vesting date upon satisfaction of the milestone, and the related costs were recorded in other warrant expense in the consolidated statements of operations due to the absence of historical or probable future revenue. For the second milestone, the completion of the Business Combination, the related costs were also recorded in other warrant expense in the consolidated statements of operations due to the absence of historical or probable future revenue. For the third milestone, the certification of the aircraft by the FAA, the Company will assess whether it is probable that the award will vest at the end of every reporting period. If and when the award is deemed probable of vesting, the Company will begin capitalizing the grant date fair value of the associated warrants as an asset through the vesting date and subsequently amortize the asset as a reduction to revenue as it sells the aircraft to United. 
 For the original fourth milestone, the sale of aircraft to United, the Company was initially expected to record the cost associated with the vesting of each portion of warrants within this milestone as a reduction of the transaction price as revenue is 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 , which was the closing price of the Company s Class A common stock on August 9, 2022. For the third and fourth sub-milestones, the sale of aircraft and aircraft, respectively, the Company determined that the amendment does not represent a modification under ASC 718. The Company will record the cost associated with the vesting of each portion of the associated warrants as a reduction of the transaction price based on the original grant date fair value as revenue is recognized for each sale of the aircraft. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded million in other warrant expense in the consolidated statements of operations related to the first two sub-milestones under the fourth milestone, and a total of warrants vested from achievement of the first sub-milestone under the fourth milestone. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded million in other warrant expense in the consolidated statements of operations related to the achievement of the first two milestones. A total of warrants vested from achievement of the first two milestones and were exercised during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 FCA US LLC 
 On November 6, 2020, the Company entered into a collaboration agreement with FCA US LLC FCA (the FCA Collaboration Agreement ), in which both parties agreed to work together to complete a series of fixed duration collaboration projects related to the Company s ongoing efforts to design, develop, and bring up production capabilities for its aircraft. In conjunction with the FCA Collaboration Agreement, the Company issued a warrant to FCA on November 6, 2020, in which FCA has the right to purchase up to shares of the Company s Class A common stock at an exercise price of per share. The Company performed a valuation and determined each warrant had a fair value of per share at the grant date. Shares under the warrant vest based on the completion of specific aircraft development milestones identified under the FCA Collaboration Agreement. 
 As the Company is currently in pre-revenue stage and is not generating any revenue from the FCA Collaboration Agreement, all costs incurred with third parties are recorded based on the nature of the cost incurred. The Company accounts for the warrant in accordance with ASC 718. The Company assessed whether it was probable that the award vested for each of the milestones at the end of every reporting period. If and when the award was deemed probable of vesting, the Company recognized compensation expense for the portion of the grant determined probable of vesting on a straight-line basis over the duration of each milestone. If services had been provided by FCA prior to management determining the milestone was probable of being achieved, a cumulative catch-up adjustment was recorded for services performed in prior periods. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded million and million of R D expense, respectively, in the consolidated statements of operations related to the completion of certain milestones. As of December 31, 2022, all of the milestones have been completed, amounting to shares that have vested. 
 FCA Italy S.p.A. 
 On July 19, 2021, the Company entered into a manufacturing consulting agreement with an affiliate of FCA, FCA Italy S.p.A. FCA Italy (the Manufacturing Consulting Agreement ), in which both parties agreed to work together to complete a series of fixed duration projects to develop manufacturing and production processes in connection with the Company s ongoing efforts to bring up production capabilities for its aircraft. In conjunction with the Manufacturing Consulting Agreement, the Company issued a warrant to FCA Italy, in which FCA Italy has the right to purchase up to shares of the Company s Class A common stock at an exercise price of per share. The Company performed a valuation and determined each warrant had a fair value of per share at the grant date. The shares underlying the warrant vest in equal installments in accordance with time-based milestones. 
 
 The Company accounts for the warrant in accordance with ASC 718. The Company recognized compensation cost for half of the shares that were fully vested upon execution of the Manufacturing Consulting Agreement. The Company recognized 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 months. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded million of R D expense in the consolidated statements of operations related to services received for the second milestone. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded million of R D expense in the consolidated statements of operations related to the achievement of the first milestone and services received for the second milestone. As of December 31, 2022, both of the milestones have been completed, amounting to shares that have vested. 
 
 Note 11 - 
 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company s loss was generated entirely in the United States. 
 Current income tax for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was . The Company did t record any deferred income tax provision for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The related increase in the deferred tax asset was offset by the increase in valuation allowance. 
 State and local income taxes (net of federal benefit) Nondeductible expenses ) ) Warrant expense ) ) Nondeductible officers compensation ) ) Other Credits Change in valuation allowance ) ) Effective tax rate 
 Differences between state statutory rate and state effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily relate to the limitations imposed on certain share-based compensation under Section 162(m), R D tax credits and an increase in the valuation allowance. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Accrued expenses Operating lease liabilities Stock-based compensation Warrants Capitalized R D expenses Credits Start-up costs Other Gross deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred Tax Liabilities: Depreciation and amortization ) Right-of-use assets ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total net deferred tax assets 
 In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more-likely-than-not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the period in which those temporary differences become deductible. Based upon the analysis of federal and state deferred tax balances and future tax projections and the Company s lack of taxable income in the carryback period, the Company recorded a valuation allowance of million against the federal and state deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance increased by million during the year ended December 31, 2022, and by million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 On August 16, 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. The Company does not currently expect the Inflation Reduction Act to impact its estimated effective tax rate due to a full valuation allowance against deferred tax assets. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has U.S. federal net operating loss NOL carryforwards of million and million, respectively, which can be carried forward indefinitely. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has state NOL carryforwards of million and million, respectively, which will both begin to expire in 2038. 
 In the ordinary course of its business, the Company incurs costs that, for tax purposes, are determined to be qualified R D expenditures within the meaning of IRC 41 and are, therefore, eligible for the Increasing Research Activities credit under IRC 41. The U.S. federal R D tax credit carryforward is million and million for December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The U.S. federal R D tax credit carryforward begins to expire in 2039. The state R D tax credit carryforward is million and million for December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which can be carried forward indefinitely. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Increases related to current year tax positions Decreases based on tax positions related to prior years ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Increases related to current year tax positions Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is due to the valuation allowance that would otherwise be recorded on the deferred tax asset associated with the recognized position. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. It is not expected that there will be a significant change in uncertain tax positions in the next 12 months. 
 In accordance with Section 382 and Section 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), a corporation that undergoes an ownership change (generally defined as a cumulative change of more than 50 in the equity ownership of certain stockholders over a rolling three-year period) is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change NOLs and R D tax credits to offset post-change taxable income and post-change tax liabilities, respectively. The Company s existing NOLs and R D credits may be subject to limitations arising from previous ownership changes, and the ability to utilize NOLs could be further limited by Section 382 and Section 383 of the Code. In addition, future changes in the Company s stock ownership, some of which may be outside of the Company s control, could result in an ownership change under Section 382 and Section 383 of the Code. The amount of such limitations, if any, has not been determined. 
 The Company is subject to taxation and files income tax returns with the U.S. federal government and the states of California and Florida. The tax years ended December 31, 2018 through December 31, 2021 remain open to examination for federal purposes, and the tax years ended December 31, 2018 through December 31, 2021 remain open to examination for state purposes. In addition, the utilization of NOL and R D credit carryforwards is subject to federal and state review for the periods in which those net losses were incurred. The Company is not under audit by any tax jurisdictions at this time. 
 
 Note 12 - 
 of each employee contribution, subject to the maximum amount established by the Internal Revenue Service. All current employees are eligible to participate in the 401(k) savings plan. The Company s matching contributions were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Note 13 - 
 public w arrants outstanding. Public warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares are issued upon exercise of the public warrants. The public warrants became exercisable on October 30, 2021, months after the closing of the initial public offering of Atlas. The public warrants will expire from the consummation of the Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 
 Once the public warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the public warrants for redemption: 
 in whole and not in part; 
 at a price of per public warrant; 
 upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 
 if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a -trading day 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 
 If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if the Company is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 
 
 Each public warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase share of Class A common stock at a price of per share. The exercise price and number of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger, or consolidation. The public warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of Class A common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the public warrants. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were private placement warrants outstanding. The private placement warrants are identical to the public warrants underlying the shares sold in the initial public offering of Atlas, except that the private placement warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants became transferable, assignable, and salable as of October 16, 2021, days after the completion of the Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the private placement warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the private placement warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the public warrants. 
 
 Note 14 - 
 
 million of shares of the Company s Class A common stock, following the satisfaction of certain Milestones (as defined in the Stellantis Forward Purchase Agreement) and pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Stellantis Forward Purchase Agreement. Under the terms of the Stellantis Warrant Agreement, Stellantis is entitled to purchase up to million of shares of the Company s Class A common stock, at an exercise price of per share (the Stellantis Warrant ). The Stellantis Warrant Agreement provides that the warrant will become vested and exercisable in three separate tranches upon either (i) the performance by Stellantis of certain undertakings set forth in the Stellantis Collaboration Agreement or (ii) the VWAP (as defined in the Stellantis Warrant Agreement) for the Class A common stock exceeding certain specified amounts. In addition, a member of the Company s board of directors is also an executive at Stellantis. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as required by Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective, due to the material weaknesses described below. 
 
 However, after giving full consideration to these material weaknesses, and the additional analyses and other procedures that we performed to ensure that our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report were prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, our management has concluded that our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows for the periods presented. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the assessment, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of December 31, 2022, due to the material weaknesses described below. 
 
 Material Weaknesses in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 In connection with the preparation and audit of our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020, we identified certain control deficiencies in the design and operation of our internal control over financial reporting that constituted material weaknesses. The material weaknesses are: 
 We did not design and maintain an effective control environment commensurate with our financial reporting requirements. We lacked a sufficient number of trained professionals with (i) an appropriate level of accounting knowledge, training and experience to appropriately analyze, record and disclose accounting matters timely and accurately, and (ii) an appropriate level of knowledge and experience to establish effective processes and controls. Additionally, the limited personnel resulted in an inability to consistently establish appropriate authorities and responsibilities in pursuit of financial reporting objectives, as demonstrated by, among other things, insufficient segregation of duties in our finance and accounting functions. 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 The material weakness in the control environment contributed to the following additional material weaknesses: 
 We did not design and maintain an effective risk assessment process at a precise enough level to identify new and evolving risks of material misstatement in our financial statements. Specifically, changes to existing controls or the implementation of new controls have not been sufficient to respond to changes to the risks of material misstatement to financial reporting. 
 We did not design and maintain formal accounting policies, procedures and controls to achieve complete, accurate and timely financial accounting, reporting and disclosures, including controls over the preparation and review of business performance reviews, account reconciliations and journal entries. 
 We did not design and maintain effective controls over IT general controls for information systems that are relevant to the preparation of our financial statements. Specifically, we did not design and maintain: 
 user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties and that adequately restrict user and privileged access to financial applications, programs, and data to appropriate company personnel; 
 program change management controls to ensure that IT program and data changes affecting financial IT applications and underlying accounting records are identified, tested, authorized, and implemented appropriately; and 
 computer operations controls to ensure that data backups are authorized and monitored. 
 These material weaknesses resulted in a revision to our consolidated condensed financial statements for the period ended March 31, 2021 to reclassify certain costs within operating expenses from research and development expense to other warrant expense and immaterial errors to our previously issued consolidated financial statements which were corrected in the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, each of these material weaknesses could result in a misstatement of substantially all of our accounts or disclosures that would result in a material misstatement to the annual or interim financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. 
 
 Remediation Measures 
 We are taking the steps we believe are necessary to remediate these material weaknesses to comply with the rules and regulations of the SEC regarding compliance with Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Management, with the participation of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors, is engaged in remediation activities to address the material weaknesses described above. Those remediation measures are ongoing and include the following: 
 We prepared a remediation plan for each of the material weaknesses and trained process owners, developed new controls, enhanced existing controls and evaluated process adoption, and are monitoring results; 
 We hired a new Chief Financial Officer in February 2022 and have hired and plan to continue to hire additional accounting, human resources and payroll, and IT personnel to bolster our accounting and IT capabilities and capacity, and to establish and maintain our internal controls; 
 We have implemented and continue to implement controls to formalize roles and review responsibilities that align with our team s skills and experience and to ensure segregation of duties; 
 We engaged third-party professionals to design and implement a formal risk assessment process and identified and evaluated changes in our internal controls; 
 We have implemented formal processes, policies, and procedures supporting our financial close process, including establishing and reviewing thresholds for business performance reviews, formalizing procedures over the review of financial statements, and creation of standard balance sheet reconciliation templates and journal entry controls; 
 We continue to design and implement IT general controls, including controls over the review and updating of user access rights and privileges and implementing more robust IT policies and procedures over change management, data backup authorization and computer operations; and 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 We implemented a new enterprise resource planning ERP system in February 2023 that is expected to be capable of automating some of our manual financial reporting processes, enhancing our information technology control environment, and mitigating some of the internal control gaps and limitations that cannot be addressed by our current system. 
 We believe we are making progress toward achieving the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. The actions that we are taking are subject to ongoing senior management review, as well as Audit Committee oversight. We will not be able to conclude whether the steps we are taking will fully remediate these material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting until we have completed our remediation efforts including evaluation of their ongoing effectiveness for a sufficient period of time. We may also conclude that additional measures may be required to remediate the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which may necessitate additional implementation and evaluation time. We will continue to assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and take steps to remediate the known material weaknesses expeditiously. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Part III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Part IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 
 1. Financial Statements 
 
 See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 Schedules not listed above have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable, or the required information is otherwise included. 
 
 (b) Exhibits 
 
 The exhibits listed below are filed as part of this Annual Report or are incorporated by reference as indicated. 
 Exhibit Description 2.1 Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2021, by and among Atlas Crest Investment Corp., Artemis Acquisition Sub Inc. and Archer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-39668), filed July 29, 2021) 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Archer incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-39668), filed September 22, 2021 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Archer incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3. 1 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-39668), filed February 7, 2023 
 4.1 Description of Archer s Securities 
 4.2 Warrant Agreement, dated October 27, 2020, by and between Legacy Archer and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-39668), filed November 2, 202 0 
 10.1 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-39668), filed February 10, 2021) 
 10.2 Amended and Restated Sponsor Letter Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2021, by and among Atlas Crest Investment Corp., Atlas Crest Investment LLC, Leg acy Archer , and the individuals named therein (incorporated by reference to Annex D-2 to Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-254007), filed August 3, 2021) 
 10.3 Archer 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-39668), filed September 22, 2021) 
 10.4 Form of Stock Option Grant Package under Archer 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-39668), filed September 22, 2021) 
 10.5 Form of RSU Grant Package under Archer 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-39668), filed September 22, 2021) 
 10.6 Archer Amended and Restated 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-39668), filed June 15, 2022) 
 10.7 Form of Stock Option Grant Package under Archer 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-39668), filed September 22, 2021) 
 10.8 Form of RSU Grant Package under Archer 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-39668), filed September 22, 2021) 
 10.9 Form of Employee Stock Purchase Plan incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-39668), filed September 22, 2021 
 10.10 Archer Director Equity Deferral Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q (File No. 001-39668), filed August 10, 2022) 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Description 10.11 Form of Irrevocable Deferral Election under Archer Director Equity Deferral Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 3 to Form 10-Q (File No. 001-39668), filed August 10, 2022) 
 10.12 Offer Letter, dated September 16, 2021, by and between Archer and Brett Adcock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-39668), filed September 22, 2021) 
 10.13 Separation Agreement of Brett Adcock, dated April 28, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-39668) filed April 29, 2022) 
 10.14 Offer Letter, dated September 16, 2021, by and between Archer and Adam Goldstein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-39668), filed September 22, 2021) 
 10.15 Offer Letter, dated November 19, 2019, by and between Legacy Archer and Tom Muniz (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-254007) filed August 10, 2021) 
 10.16 Offer Letter, dated January 16, 2022, by and between Mark Mesler and Archer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-Q (File No. 001-39668) filed May 12, 2022) 
 10.17 Offer Letter, dated May 28, 2021, by and between Tosha Perkins and Archer 
 10.18 Sublease Agreement, dated July 1, 2020, by and between Aurora Innovation, Inc. and Le gacy Arc her (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Registration Statement on S-4 (File No. 333-254007), filed August 10, 2021) 
 10.19 Lease Agreement, dated December 11, 2020, by and between Jack Dymond Lathing Co. and Legacy Archer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Registration Statement on S-4 (File No. 333-254007), filed August 10, 2021) 
 10.20 Sublease Agreement, dated March 1, 2020, by and between Delta Mike Enterprises, LLC and Legacy Archer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Registration Statement on S-4 (File No. 333-254007), filed August 10, 2021) 
 10.21 Lease Agreement, dated April 14, 2021, by and between NC Investments, LLC and Legacy Archer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Registration Statement on S-4 (File No. 333-254007), filed August 10, 2021) 
 10.22 Sublease Agreement, dated January 14, 2022, between Fo r e scout Technologies, Inc. and Archer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q (File No. 001-39668) filed May 12, 2022) 
 10.23 Lease Agreement, dated March 9, 2022, between SIR Properties Trust and Archer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-Q (File No. 001-39668) filed May 12, 2022) 
 10.24 Storage/R D Space License Agreement, dated March 15, 2021, by and between J.V. Lewis Enterprises, Inc. and Legacy Archer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Registration Statement on S-4 (File No. 333-254007), filed August 10, 2021) 
 10.25 Warrant to Purchase Shares, dated as of November 6, 2020, by and among FCA US LLC and Legacy Archer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Registration Statement on S-4 (File No. 333-254007), filed August 10, 2021) 
 10.26 Warrant to Purchase Shares, dated as of January 29, 2021, by and among United Airlines, Inc. and Archer incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Form 10-K (File No. 001-39668), filed March 14, 2022) 
 10.27 Amendment No. 1 to Warrant to Purchase Shares, dated August 9, 2022, by and among United Airlines, Inc. and Archer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to form 10-Q (File No. 001-39668), filed November 10, 202 2 
 10.28 Warrant to Purchase Shares, dated as of February 26, 2021, by and among Mesa Air Group, Inc. and Legacy Archer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 11 to Registration Statement on S-4 (File No. 333-254007), filed August 10, 2021) 
 10.29 Warrant to Purchase Shares, dated as of July 19, 2021, by and between FCA Italy, S.p.A. and Legacy Archer (in corporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Form 10-K (File No. 001-39668), filed March 14, 2022) 
 10.30 Form of Subscription Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-39668), filed February 10, 2021 
 10.31 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, by and between Archer and certain stockholders, dated September 16, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-39668), filed September 22, 2021) 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Description 10.32 Loan and Security Agreement, dated July 9, 2021, by and among Silicon Valley Bank, in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent, Silicon Valley Bank and SVB Innovation Credit Fund VIII, L.P., as lenders, and Legacy Archer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-254007), filed August 3, 2021) 
 10.33 Form of Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-39668), filed September 22, 2021) 
 10.34 Form of Change in Control and Severance Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q (File No. 001-39668) filed May 12, 2022) 
 10.35 Form of Transaction Support Agreement (incorporated by reference to Annex E to Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-254007), filed March 8, 2021) 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries 
 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered public accounting firm 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (reference is made to the signature page thereto) 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Finan cial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1# Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2# Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) ____________________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Certain of the exhibits and schedules to these exhibits have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The registrant agrees to furnish a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 
 # This certification is deemed not filed for purpose of section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 Reference is made to Item 15(a) 2 above. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 Not applicable. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 ARCHER AVIATION INC. March 15, 2023 By: /s/ Mark Mesler Mark Mesler Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS , that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Adam Goldstein and Mark Mesler, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, proxies and agents, each with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report and to file the same, with any exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto such attorneys-in-fact, proxies and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact, proxies and agents, or their or his or her substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 
 Signature 
 Title 
 Date 
 /s/ Adam Goldstein Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 Principal Executive Officer 
 March 15, 2023 
 Adam Goldstein /s/ Mark Mesler 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 March 15, 2023 
 Mark Mesler 
 /s/ Deborah Diaz 
 Director 
 March 15, 2023 
 Deborah Diaz 
 /s/ Fred Diaz 
 Director 
 March 15, 2023 
 Fred Diaz 
 /s/ Oscar Munoz 
 Director 
 March 15, 2023 
 Oscar Munoz 
 /s/ Barbara J. Pilarski 
 Director 
 March 15, 2023 
 Barbara J. Pilarski 
 /s/ Maria Pinelli 
 Director 
 March 15, 2023 
 Maria Pinelli 
 /s/ Michael Spellacy 
 Director 
 March 15, 2023 
 Michael Spellacy 
 
 85 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 exhibit41-fy22.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 

Exhibit 4.1 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 
 The following description of capital stock of Archer Aviation Inc. (the Company, we, us, and our and certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ), amended and restated bylaws (the Bylaws ), and the agreements governing the warrants described herein are summaries and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, and the relevant agreements, copies of which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and applicable provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ). 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class A Common Stock ), Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class B Common Stock and, together with the Class A Common Stock, the Common Stock and warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock. All shares of our Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable. Defined terms used and not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 General 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes us to issue up to 700,000,000 shares of our Class A Common Stock, 300,000,000 shares of our Class B Common Stock, and 10,000,000 shares of our preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 
 Common Stock 
 Voting Power 
 Holders of our Class A Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the stockholders, and holders of Class B Common Stock are entitled to ten votes per share on all matters to be voted upon by the stockholders. The holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock will generally vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, unless otherwise required by Delaware law or our Certificate of Incorporation. Delaware law could require either holders of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock to vote separately as a single class in the following circumstances 
 if we were to seek to amend our Certificate of Incorporation to increase or decrease the par value of a class of our capital stock, then that class would be required to vote separately to approve the proposed amendment and 
 if we were to seek to amend our Certificate of Incorporation in a manner that alters or changes the powers, preferences, or special rights of a class of our capital stock in a manner that affected its holders adversely, then that class would be required to vote separately to approve the proposed amendment. 
 As a result, in these limited instances, the holders of a majority of Class A Common Stock could defeat an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation. 
 Dividends 
 Holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors in its discretion out of funds legally available therefor. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 Liquidation, Dissolution and Winding Up 
 In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, distribution of assets or winding-up, subject to preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of our Common 

Stock will be entitled to receive an equal amount per share of all of our assets of whatever kind available for distribution to stockholders, after the rights of the holders of the preferred stock have been satisfied. 
 Conversion 
 Each share of Class B Common Stock is convertible at any time at the option of the holder into one share of Class A Common Stock. In addition, each share of Class B Common Stock will automatically convert into one share of Class A Common Stock upon transfer to a non-authorized holder. In addition, Class B Common Stock is subject to sunset provisions, under which all shares of Class B Common Stock will automatically convert into an equal number of shares of Class A Common Stock upon the earliest to occur of (i) September 16, 2031, (ii) the date specified in writing by the holders of two-thirds of the then outstanding Class B Common Stock, voting as a separate class, and (iii) when the number of then outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock represents less than 10 of the aggregate number of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock then outstanding. In addition, each share of Class B Common Stock will automatically convert into an equal number of shares of Class A Common Stock upon the earliest to occur of (a) in the case of either Brett Adcock or Adam Goldstein (each, an Archer Founder ), the date that is nine months following the death or incapacity of such Archer Founder, and, in the case of any other holder, the date of the death or incapacity of such holder, (b) in the case of an Archer Founder, the date that is 12 months following the date that such Archer Founder ceases to provide services to the Company and its subsidiaries as an executive officer, employee or director of the Company, and, in the case of any other holder, immediately at the occurrence of any such event, and (c) in the case of an Archer Founder or any other holder, at least 80 (subject to customary capitalization adjustments) of the shares of Class B Common Stock held by such Archer Founder (on a fully as converted as exercised basis) as of immediately following the closing of the Business Combination having been transferred (subject to the exceptions described above). 
 Preemptive or Other Rights 
 Stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. 
 Election of Directors 
 Our board of directors will remain divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class serving a three-year term. There will be no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Under our Certificate of Incorporation, shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers and preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series of preferred stock. The board of directors is able to, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the Common Stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of the board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control or the removal of existing management. We have no present plans to issue any shares of preferred stock. 
 Warrants 
 SVB Warrants 
 On July 9, 2021, we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the Loan and Security Agreement ), as borrower, with Silicon Valley Bank SVB and SVB Innovation Credit Fund VIII, L.P. SVB Innovation as the lenders, and SVB as the collateral agent. In connection with the Loan and Security Agreement, we issued SVB a warrant to purchase 211,642 shares of Legacy Archer common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Legacy Archer Common Stock (such warrant, SVB Warrant I ). At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time ), SVB Warrant I was automatically exchanged for a warrant to purchase 366,140 shares of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share. 
 In connection with the Loan and Security Agreement, the Company and SVB Innovation entered into a warrant to purchase 211,641 shares of Legacy Archer Common Stock SVB Warrant II per the warrant agreement with SVB 

Innovation Credit Fund VIII. At the Effective Time, SVB Warrant II was automatically exchanged for a warrant to purchase 366,140 shares of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share. 
 Mesa Warrant 
 On January 29, 2021, we entered into a Purchase Agreement, as amended on August 9, 2022 (the Purchase Agreement ), and Collaboration Agreement (the Collaboration Agreement with United Airlines, Inc. United ). On February 26, 2021, we entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement (the Assignment and Assumption Agreement with Mesa Airlines, Inc. Mesa ). In connection with the Collaboration Agreement and the Assignment and Assumption Agreement, Legacy Archer issued Mesa a warrant to purchase 1,171,649 shares of Legacy Archer Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.01 (the Mesa Warrant ). The Mesa Warrant was adjusted by the application of the Exchange Ratio (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) at the Effective Time. 
 United Warrant 
 In connection with the Purchase Agreement and Collaboration Agreement, Legacy Archer issued United a warrant to purchase up to 14,645,614 shares of Legacy Archer Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.01 (the United Warrant ), of which 1,171,649 shares subject to such warrant were assigned to Mesa pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption Agreement between Legacy Archer, United and Mesa. The United Warrant was assigned by United to United Airlines Ventures, Ltd. and shall vest and become exercisable upon the achievement of certain milestones. The United Warrant was adjusted by the application of the Exchange Ratio at the Effective Time. 
 FCA Warrant 
 In November 2020, we entered into certain agreements (the FCA Agreements with FCA US LLC (now known as Stellantis ). In connection with the FCA Agreements, Legacy Archer issued FCA US LLC a warrant to purchase up to 1,671,202 shares of Legacy Archer Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.01 per share (the Initial FCA Warrant ). The Initial FCA Warrant shall vest and become exercisable upon the achievement of certain milestones. The Initial FCA Warrant was adjusted by the application of the Exchange Ratio at the Effective Time. 
 In July 2021, we entered into a Consulting Agreement (the Consulting Agreement with FCA Italy S.p.A. In connection with the Consulting Agreement, Legacy Archer issued FCA Italy S.p.A. a warrant to purchase up to 1,070,000 shares of Legacy Archer Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.01 per share (the Second FCA Warrant ). The Second FCA Warrant shall vest and become exercisable upon the achievement of certain milestones. The Second FCA Warrant was adjusted by the application of the Exchange Ratio at the Effective Time. 
 Stellantis Forward Purchase Agreement and Warrant 
 
 On January 3, 2023, the Company entered into a Manufacturing Collaboration Agreement (the Stellantis Collaboration Agreement with Stellantis N.V. In connection with the Stellantis Collaboration Agreement, the Company entered into a Forward Purchase Agreement (the Forward Purchase Agreement with Stellantis N.V., pursuant to which the Company may elect, in the Company s sole discretion, to issue and sell Stellantis N.V. up to 150.0 million shares of Class A Common Stock upon the achievement of certain milestones (the Forward Purchase Shares ). 
 
 From January 3, 2023 on, Stellantis N.V. will maintain the right to nominate one individual for election to our board of directors as a Class II director at the Company s annual meeting of stockholders in 2023 through the date of the Company s annual meeting of stockholders to occur in 2026 (which initial designee shall be Barbara J. Pilarski who currently serves as a Class II director on our board of directors) and, so long as Stellantis N.V. or its affiliates beneficially own shares of Class A Common Stock equal to at least 12.5 of the outstanding Class A Common Stock, will have the right to continue to nominate one individual for election to our board of directors as a Class II director at the Company s annual meeting of stockholders to occur in 2026 through the date of the Company s annual meeting of stockholders in 2029. 
 
 In connection with the Stellantis Collaboration Agreement, the Company issued Stellantis N.V. a warrant to purchase up to 15,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, at an exercise price of 0.01 per share (the Stellantis Warrant ), which shall vest and become exercisable upon the achievement of certain milestones. The number of shares of Class A Common Stock for which the Stellantis Warrant is exercisable, as well as the exercise price, may be adjusted upon certain qualifying events, including but not limited to a merger, sales of assets, reclassification or recapitalization. The Stellantis Warrant is exercisable until (i) immediately prior to the closing of a Liquidation 

Event (as defined in the Stellantis Warrant Agreement), and (ii) January 3, 2028. The maximum number of shares of Class A Common Stock that are issuable pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreement and the Stellantis Warrant may not be in excess of the share issuance limitations of the NYSE. 
 
 Reef Warrant 
 
 On June 17, 2022, we issued 91,667 warrants to Reef US Investments LLC in a private placement pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (the Reef Warrants ). The Reef Warrants have an exercise price of 0.01 per share in exchange for shares of our Class A common stock. 
 
 Redeemable Warrants 
 Each Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share at any time commencing October 16, 2021. The Warrants will expire at 5 00 p.m., New York City time, on September 16, 2026, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 Holders of Public Warrants cannot pay cash to exercise their Public Warrants unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the issuance of the shares underlying such Warrants and a current prospectus relating thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of the Business Combination, Warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise Public Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis. In the event of such cashless exercise, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the Warrants for that number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the Public Warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the Public Warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose will mean the average reported last sale price of the shares of Class A Common Stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to holders of Warrants. 
 The Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants except that such Public Warrants will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and will not be redeemable by us, in each case so long as they are still held by the initial stockholders of Atlas, including Atlas officers and directors, or their permitted transferees. 
 We may call the Public Warrants for redemption, in whole and not in part, at a price of 0.01 per Public Warrant, 
 at any time after the Public Warrants become exercisable 
 upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each Public Warrant holder 
 if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the shares of Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing at any time after the Public Warrants become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to Public Warrant holders and 
 if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of Class A Common Stock underlying such Public Warrants. 
 The right to exercise will be forfeited unless the Warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date, a record holder of a Warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s Warrant upon surrender of such Warrant. 
 The redemption criteria for our Warrants was established at a price which is intended to provide Warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the Warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the Warrants. 

If we call the Warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise Warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the Warrants for that number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the Warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the Warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose shall mean the average reported last sale price of the shares of Class A Common Stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of Warrants. 
 The Warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding Public Warrants and Private Warrants, if such modification or amendment is being undertaken prior to, or in connection with, the closing of the Business Combination, or Warrants, if such modification or amendment is being undertaken after the closing of the Business Combination, in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. The exercise price and number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. The Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of shares of Class A Common Stock at a price below their respective exercise prices. 
 The Warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the Warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the office of the warrant agent, with the subscription form, as set forth in the Warrant, duly executed, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to the order of the warrant agent, for the number of Warrants being exercised. The Warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of shares of Class A Common Stock and any voting rights until they exercise their Warrants and receive shares of Class A Common Stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 
 Anti-Takeover Provisions 
 Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law 
 We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, which generally prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, with the following exceptions 
 before such date, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder 
 upon completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction began, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding, but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder, those shares owned (1) by persons who are directors and also officers and (2) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer or 
 on or after such date, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 662 3 of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 In general, Section 203 defines a business combination to include the following 
 any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder 
 any sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder 
 subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder 

any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock or any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder or 
 the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits by or through the corporation. 
 In general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as an entity or person who, together with the person s affiliates and associates, beneficially owns or within three years prior to the time of determination of interested stockholder status did own, 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 
 A Delaware corporation may opt out of these provisions with an express provision in its original certificate of incorporation or an express provision in its amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws resulting from a stockholders amendment approved by at least a majority of the outstanding voting shares. We have not opted out of these provisions. As a result, mergers or other takeover or change in control attempts of us may be discouraged or prevented. 
 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 Among other things, our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws 
 permit our board of directors to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, with any rights, preferences and privileges as they may designate, including the right to approve an acquisition or other change of control 
 provide that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of our board of directors 
 provide that, subject to the rights of any series of preferred stock to elect directors, directors may only be removed with or without cause, which removal may be effected, subject to any limitation imposed by law, by the holders of at least 66 2 3 of the voting power of all of our then-outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote generally at an election of directors 
 provide that all vacancies, including newly created directorships, may, except as otherwise required by law, be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum 
 require that any action to be taken by our stockholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders and not be taken by written consent or electronic transmission 
 provide that stockholders seeking to present proposals before a meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at a meeting of stockholders must provide advance notice in writing, and also specify requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder s notice 
 provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the chairperson of our board of directors, our chief executive officer or by our board of directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors and 
 do not provide for cumulative voting rights, therefore allowing the holders of a majority of the shares of Class A Common Stock entitled to vote in any election of directors to elect all of the directors standing for election, if they should so choose. 
 The amendment of any of these provisions would require approval by the holders of at least 66 2 3 of the voting power of all of our then-outstanding capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 
 The combination of these provisions may make it more difficult for our existing stockholders to replace our board of directors as well as for another party to obtain control of us by replacing our board of directors. Since our board of directors has the power to retain and discharge our officers, these provisions could also make it more difficult for existing stockholders or another party to effect a change in management. In addition, the authorization of undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change our control. 

These provisions are intended to enhance the likelihood of continued stability in the composition of our board of directors and its policies and to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to reduce our vulnerability to hostile takeovers and to discourage certain tactics that may be used in proxy fights. However, such provisions could have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares and may have the effect of delaying changes in our control or management. As a consequence, these provisions may also inhibit fluctuations in the market price of our stock. 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for the following actions or proceedings brought under Delaware statutory or common law 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf 
 any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer or stockholder of the Company, to the Company or the Company s stockholders 
 any action asserting a claim against us arising under the DGCL 
 any action regarding our Certificate of Incorporation or our Bylaws (as either may be amended from time to time) 
 any action as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction to the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and 
 any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in all cases to the fullest extent permitted by law and subject to the court having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation further provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. 
 Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision of our Certificate of Incorporation will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder and therefore may bring a claim in another appropriate forum. Additionally, we cannot be certain that a court will decide that this provision is either applicable or enforceable, and if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our Certificate of Incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Limitations of Liability and Indemnification 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation limits a director s liability to the fullest extent permitted under the DGCL. The DGCL provides that directors of a corporation will not be personally liable for monetary damages for breach of their fiduciary duties as directors, except for liability 
 for any transaction from which the director derives an improper personal benefit 
 for any act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law 
 for any unlawful payment of dividends or redemption of shares or 
 for any breach of a director s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders. 

If the DGCL is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of the directors will be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as so amended. 
 Delaware law and our Bylaws provide that we will, in certain situations, indemnify our directors and officers and may indemnify other employees and other agents, to the fullest extent permitted by law. Any indemnified person is also entitled, subject to certain limitations, to advancement, direct payment, or reimbursement of reasonable expenses (including attorneys fees and disbursements) in advance of the final disposition of the proceeding. 
 In addition, we have entered into separate indemnification agreements with our directors and officers. These agreements, among other things, require us to indemnify our directors and officers for certain expenses, including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, and settlement amounts incurred by a director or officer in any action or proceeding arising out of their services as one of our directors or officers or any other company or enterprise to which the person provides services at our request. 
 Registration Rights Agreements 
 In connection with the Closing of the Business Combination, we entered into the Registration Rights Agreement on September 16, 2021, pursuant to which the holders of Registrable Securities (as defined therein) became entitled to, among other things, customary registration rights, including demand, piggy-back and shelf registration rights. The Registration Rights Agreement also provides that we will pay certain expenses relating to such registrations and indemnify the registration rights holders against (or make contributions in respect of) certain liabilities which may arise under the Securities Act. 
 In connection with the Forward Purchase Agreement, the Company and Stellantis N.V. entered into a registration rights agreement (the Stellantis Registration Rights Agreement ), dated January 3, 2023, pursuant to which the Company has granted Stellantis N.V. certain demand, piggyback and resale shelf registration rights with respect to the Forward Purchase Shares (as defined therein) and shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Stellantis Warrant. The registration rights terminate after Stellantis N.V. no longer holds any Registrable Securities (as defined in the Stellantis Registration Rights Agreement) or with respect to any Registrable Securities, seven years after the date such Registrable Securities were issued to Stellantis. 
 
 Transfer Agent 
 The transfer agent for our securities is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. The transfer agent s address is One State Street Plaza, 30th Floor New York, NY 10004. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.17>
 3
 exhibit1017-fy22.htm
 EX-10.17

exhibit1017-fy22 

Exhibit 10.17 Archer Aviation Inc. Dear Tosha, On behalf of Archer Aviation, Inc. the Company ), we are delighted to offer you a full time position within our organization. This letter will outline the terms of this offer: Title Chief People Officer Start Date Monday, June 14th, 2021 COVID Office Policy Currently because of the COVID situation the Archer Bay Area offices are closed for anyone who does not need to be in the physical office. Pending the status of COVID vaccinations, the Archer management team does expect to re- open the office in 2021. Once the office is re-opened, there is an expectation for local employees to be back in the office following 30 days from reopening. Employees relocating to the San Francisco Bay Area are expected to be onsite within 90 days of reopening. Salary 350,000 annually, payable in semi-monthly installments (less customary payroll deductions), subject to periodic review and adjustment in the Company s discretion. The Company will make future adjustments in compensation plan structure, if any, in its sole and absolute discretion. Relocation Salary Increase Subject to your successful completion of your relocation with the Company to San Francisco Bay Area California, you will be eligible for a salary increase to 500,000. Relocation One-Time Bonus You will also be eligible for a one-time discretionary bonus of 75,000 (the Relocation Bonus upon the successful completion (to be determined in the Company's sole discretion) of your initial period of employment with the Company and move to San Francisco Bay Area California, payable on the regularly scheduled payroll date following 15 days of your start date. As always, your employment is at-will, and may be ended by the employee or the Company at any time. Should either party terminate employment, or give notice of same, before the 15-day Payroll Date, this one-time bonus shall be nullified. Annual Performance Bonus You will also be eligible for an annual performance based bonus up to 250,000 (the Performance Bonus at (50 of salary) payable on the regularly scheduled payroll date following year end. Note this bonus will be prorated based on your start date. As always, your employment is at-will, and may be ended by the employee or the Company at any time. Should either party 

Archer Aviation Inc. terminate employment, or give notice of same, before the Payroll Date, this annual performance bonus shall be nullified. Equity Archer Aviation, Inc. Archer has agreed to effect a business combination with Atlas Crest Investment Corp., pursuant to which Archer will merge with and into a subsidiary of Atlas (the Merger ). After the Merger, it is expected that the newly combined company Atlas will be listed on the NYSE under the new ticker symbol ACHR. Subject to the closing of the Merger, Archer will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause Atlas to grant you a restricted stock unit award to acquire shares of Class A Common Stock of Atlas (the Atlas Class A Common having a target grant date value of 3,000,000 (but not more than 300,000 Atlas Class A Common Shares (the Award )); provided, however, that the Award shall in all events be subject to, and conditioned upon, the following: (i) the approval of the Board of Directors of Atlas (the Atlas Board (ii) the effectiveness of a registration statement covering the Award; (iii) the closing of the Merger; and (iv) your continued employment with Archer through the date of grant of the Award. The number of shares subject to the Award (and the method used to calculate the value of the Atlas Class A Common in connection therewith) shall be determined after the closing of the Merger in the sole discretion of the Atlas Board or a committee thereof (provided, that the number of Atlas Class A Common shares subject to the Award shall not exceed the maximum number of shares set forth above). If the Award is granted, the vesting of the Award will be time-based as follows: The Award will vest at the rate of 33 of the total number of shares subject to the Award on the Quarterly Vest Date (expected to be set at February 15th, May 15th, August 15th and November 15th of each year (each, a Quarterly Vest Date )) that occurs after the one-year anniversary of your employment start date with Archer, and an additional 1/12th of the total number of shares on each Quarterly Vest Date thereafter. The Award will be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Atlas s equity plan and its standard form of restricted stock unit agreement. Please be aware that Archer makes no representation or guarantee about (a) whether or not the Merger will close (it may not); or (b) the future value of the Award or the Atlas Class A Common shares underlying the Award. If the Merger closes and the Award is granted, the value of the Atlas Class A Common shares subject to the Award may increase in value, decrease in value, or stay the same as on the date the Award is granted. If the Merger does not occur during a period of time determined by the Board of Directors of Archer (the Archer Board in its sole discretion, then Archer will instead grant you another form of equity compensation that the Archer Board determines, in its sole discretion, to be appropriate and comparable at such time. Benefits Healthcare As a full-time employee, you are eligible to participate in the Company s group health insurance and other employee benefit plans and programs that are 

Archer Aviation Inc. generally made available to our employees, subject to eligibility requirements, enrollment criteria, and the other terms and conditions of such plans and programs. The Company reserves the right to amend, modify, or rescind any employee benefit plan or program and/or change employee contribution amounts to benefit costs without notice at its discretion. Healthcare will enroll at the start of every month (i.e. if you start on June 15th, you won t be enrolled into healthcare until July 1st). 401k As a full-time employee, you are eligible to participate in the Company s 401k benefit plan. The Company will match 50 of every dollar up to the maximum amount of employee contribution. Learning Development Policy Archer believes that effective learning and development L D benefits the individual employee, as well as the company as a whole, to achieve our mission. Archer encourages our employees to enhance knowledge and skills in their respective fields, and recognizes that this may mean taking classes or attending seminars, conferences, and workshops. Archer offers a learning and development benefit of up to 2,000 per year for each employee. Google Drive: Healthcare 401k information can be found here. Vacation Policy As a full-time exempt employee, you are eligible for unlimited paid time off (PTO). Requests must be approved by your manager. Parental Leave Once you have at least six (6) months of continuous service, you will be eligible for up to twelve (12) weeks of paid parental leave. The leave must be taken within the first twelve (12) months after the birth, adoption, or placement of the child(ren). You will continue to receive 100 of your base salary from Archer while out on Paid Parental Leave minus any applicable federal, state, and local taxes. At-Will Employment and Termination Employment at the Company is at will. This means that you may resign from the Company at any time for any or no reason and the Company has the right to terminate this employment relationship with or without cause at any time. We request, however, that in the event of resignation, you give the Company at least two weeks notice. Neither this letter nor any other communication, either written or oral, should be construed as a contract of employment for a given length of time or term. You further acknowledge that the Company may modify job titles, salaries, and benefits from time to time as it deems necessary. Proprietary Information and Arbitration Agreement Like all Company employees, you will be required to sign, as a condition of your employment with the Company, the Company s standard employee Proprietary Information and Arbitration Agreement (the Proprietary Agreement ). We encourage you to read this document carefully, and to seek 

Archer Aviation Inc. independent legal counsel if you have any questions about the meaning or scope of these requirements. Please note that we must receive your signed Confidentiality Agreement before your first day of employment. Pre-Hire Checklist Agreement You will be required to sign, as a condition of your employment with the Company, the Company s standard pre-hire checklist (the Pre-hire Checklist Agreement ). We would like this signed at the time of your offer letter. Confidentiality The Company is offering you employment based on your personal skills and experience, and not due to your knowledge of any confidential, proprietary, or trade secret information of any prior employer. Should you accept this offer, we do not want you to make use of or disclose any such information or to retain or disclose any materials from a prior or current employer. In this regard, you should be extremely careful not to bring to the Company, even if inadvertently, any documents or other materials in tangible form belonging to or acquired from any prior employer. This includes electronic or hardcopy documents, such as (but not limited to) customer lists, sales reports, strategy documents, sales/marketing promotional materials, contracts, slide presentations, email correspondence, and training materials. The nature of the work performed at the Company is strictly confidential. Ethical standards, legal requirements, and sound business practice all require that the Company s employees never violate corporate issues of confidentiality. All business matters are property of the Company and its employees are expected to preserve and protect all confidential information of the Company. By executing this letter agreement below, you agree that during the course of your employment, and thereafter, you shall not use or disclose, in whole or in part, any of the Company s (or its clients trade secrets or confidential and proprietary information to any person, firm, corporation, or other entity, for any reason or purpose whatsoever other than in the course of your employment with the Company, or with the prior written permission of the Company s founders. By executing this letter agreement below, you also represent and warrant to the Company that you have no agreement with, or duty to, any previous employer or other person or entity that would prohibit, prevent, inhibit, limit, or conflict with the performance of your duties to the Company. Miscellaneous You agree that, during the term of your employment with the Company, you will not engage in any other employment, occupation, consulting, or other business activity directly related to the business in which the Company is now involved or becomes involved during the term of your employment, nor will you engage in any other activities that conflict with your obligations to the Company. As a Company employee, you will be expected to abide by the Company s rules and standards, which may include signing an acknowledgment that you have read and that you understand the Company s rules of conduct. The Company reserves the right to conduct background investigations and/or reference checks on all of its potential employees. Your job offer, therefore, is 

Archer Aviation Inc. contingent upon a clearance of such a background investigation and/or reference check, if any. For purposes of federal immigration law, you will be required to provide to the Company documentary evidence of your identity and eligibility for employment in the United States. Such documentation must be provided to us within three (3) business days of your date of hire, or our employment relationship with you may be terminated. The validity, interpretation, construction, and performance of this letter agreement, and all acts and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of state of California, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law. This letter agreement and the attached Confidentiality Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter herein and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous discussions, understandings, and agreements, whether oral or written, between them relating to the subject matter hereof, including but not limited to, any representations made during your recruitment, interviews, or pre-employment negotiations, whether written or oral. This letter, including, but not limited to, its at-will employment provision, may not be modified or amended except by a written agreement signed by the Co- Founder or President of the Company and you. We look forward to the possibility of you joining the Archer Aviation, Inc. team. If the above terms and conditions are acceptable to you, please sign below to signify your understanding and acceptance of these terms and to acknowledge that no one at the Company has made any other representation to you. We kindly ask that you respond to this offer by June 2nd, 2021. You should retain a copy for your records, and return the executed original to me. Please feel free to reach out should you have any questions in the interim. Sincerely, Brett Adcock Adam Goldstein [Signature Page Follows] 

Archer Aviation Inc. Adam Goldstein: /s/ Adam Goldstein Signature CoCEO Title 05 / 28 / 2021 Date (MM/DD/YYYY) Tosha Perkins: /s/ Tosha Perkins Signature 05 / 28 / 2021 Date (MM/DD/YYYY) 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 exhibit211-fy22.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 Archer Aviation Inc. 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 Subsidiary Jurisdiction Archer Aviation Operating Corp. Delaware Archer Air LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ex2313152023.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-260121) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-261547, 333-263544 and 333-265955) of Archer Aviation Inc. of our report dated March 15, 2023 relating to the financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Irvine, California March 15, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 exhibit311-fy22.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(A) OR 15d-14(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Adam Goldstein, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Archer Aviation Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Exhibit 31.1 

Date March 15, 2023 
 s Adam Goldstein Adam Goldstein Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 exhibit312-fy22.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(A) OR 15d-14(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Mark Mesler, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Archer Aviation Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Exhibit 31.2 

 Date March 15, 2023 
 s Mark Mesler Mark Mesler Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 exhibit321-fy22.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Archer Aviation Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 15, 2023 
 s Adam Goldstein Adam Goldstein Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 This certification accompanies the Report to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether made before or after the date of the Report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 exhibit322-fy22.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Archer Aviation Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 15, 2023 
 s Mark Mesler Mark Mesler Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 This certification accompanies the Report to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether made before or after the date of the Report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 achr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 achr-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 achr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 achr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 achr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

