<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1867443_0001493152-23-010142.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3974127</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>267801</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>705274</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1213681</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>804172</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>897334</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010142.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331145041
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010142
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		44
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Canna-Global Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001867443
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				863692449
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41102
		FILM NUMBER:		23786786

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4640 ADMIRALTY WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			MARINA DEL REY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90292
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(6016) 333-0323

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4640 ADMIRALTY WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			MARINA DEL REY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90292

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010142.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For
 the fiscal year ended , . 

or

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___ to _____ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 , and one redeemable warrant of one share of Common
 Stock 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). No 

As
of March 31, 2023, there were 
shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.000001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding (excluding 2,369,370 shares subject to possible redemption) , 
shares of the Company s Class B common stock, par value 0.000001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding, and 0
shares of preferred stock, par value 0.000001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Report (as defined below), including, without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements
can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, 
 expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, 
 predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable
terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but
are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other
statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations,
but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business
 combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or
 in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

our
 financial performance. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual
results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or
more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material
respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. 

2 

Unless
otherwise stated in this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

board
 of directors or board are to the board of directors of the Company; 

common
 stock are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock, collectively; 

Continental 
 are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our trust account (as defined below) and warrant agent of our public
 warrants (as defined below); 

DGCL 
 are to the Delaware General Corporation Law; 

DWAC
 System are to the Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System; 

Exchange
 Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

founder
 shares (which includes the representative shares) are to shares of our Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor
 in a private placement prior to our initial public offering, and the shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon the conversion
 thereof as provided herein; 

GAAP 
 are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; 

IFRS 
 are to the International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; 

initial
 business combination or business combination are to a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock
 purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses; 

initial
 public offering or IPO are to the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company on November 30,
 2021; 

initial
 stockholders are to our sponsor and any other holders of our founder shares (including the holders of the representative shares)
 prior to our initial public offering (or their permitted transferees); 

Investment
 Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

JOBS
 Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; 

management 
 or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

Nasdaq 
 are to the Nasdaq Stock Market; 

placement
 units are to the units purchased by our sponsor, with each placement unit consisting of one placement share and one placement
 warrant; 

placement
 shares are to the shares of our common stock included within the placement units purchased by our sponsor in the private placement; 

placement
 warrants are to the warrants included within the placement units purchased by our sponsor in the private placement; 

private
 placement are to the private placement of 802,500 placement units at a price
 of 10.00 per unit, for an aggregate purchase price of 8,025,000, which occurred simultaneously with the completion of our initial
 public offering; 

public
 shares are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are
 purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public
 stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team to the extent
 our initial stockholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial stockholder s
 and member of our management team s status as a public stockholder shall only exist with respect to such public
 shares; 

public
 warrants are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are purchased
 in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market, including warrants that may be acquired by our sponsor or its affiliates
 in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

PCAOB 
 are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States); 

Registration
 Statement are to the Form S-1 filed initially with the SEC on August 9, 2021, as amended; 

Report 
 are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021; 

representative 
 are to EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, Inc., who is the representative of the underwriters in our initial public offering; 

representative
 shares are to the 57,500 shares of our Class A common stock issued in December 2021 to the representative and its designees; 

Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

SEC 
 are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Securities
 Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

special
 meeting are to the special meeting of its shareholders held by Canna-Global on November 28, 2022, at 10:00 a.m. ET; 

sponsor 
 are to Canna-Global LLC; 

termination
 date are to t he date by which Canna-Global must (i) complete an initial business combination,
 (ii) cease its operations if it fails to complete such initial business combination, and (iii) redeem or repurchase 100 of Canna-Global s
 Class A Common Stock shares included as part of the units sold in Canna-Global s IPO from December 2, 2022 ; 

trust
 account are to the trust account at J.P. Morgan Securities LLC maintained by the trustee in which an amount of 233,450,000
 10.15 per unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the units and placement units (including to reflect the underwriters exercise
 of the overallotment in full) in the initial public offering was placed on December 2, 2021; 

trust
 agreement are to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated December 2, 2021, entered into by and between Canna-Global
 and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee; 

trustee 
 are to Continental; 

underwriters 
 are to the underwriters of our initial public offering, for which the representative is acting as representative; 

units 
 are to the units sold in our initial public offering, which consist of one public share and one public warrant; 

warrants 
 are to our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the placement warrants and any warrants sold as part
 of the placement units issued upon conversion of working capital loans to the extent they are no longer held by the initial holders
 or their permitted transferees; 

warrant
 agent are to Continental; and 

we, 
 us, Company or our Company are to Canna-Global Acquisition Corp. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

General 

We
are an early stage blank check company incorporated in April 2021 as a Delaware corporation whose business purpose is to effect an initial
business combination. Since our initial public offering, we have focused our search for an initial business combination with businesses
that may provide significant opportunities for attractive investor returns. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business are
not limited to a particular industry or geographic region, although we expect to focus our search
for a target business addressing a large market opportunity with a company that is driving its growth in the medicinal cannabis or cannabinoid
industry, which are compliant with all applicable laws and regulations within the jurisdictions in which they are located or operate.
In particular, we will not invest in or consummate a business combination with a target business that we determine has been operating,
or whose plan is to operate, in violation of U.S. federal laws, including the U.S. Controlled Substances Act. 

Initial
Public Offering 

On
November 30, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 20,000,000 units. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common
stock of the Company, par value 0.000001 per share and one redeemable warrant of the Company, with each warrant entitling the holder
thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock for 11.50 per whole share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit,
generating gross proceeds to the Company of 230,000,000, which included an additional 3,000,000 Option Units in connection with the
exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the initial public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 802,500
 units to our sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per placement unit, generating gross proceeds of 8,025,000. 

A
total of 233,450,000, comprised of the proceeds from the IPO after offering expenses and the proceeds of the sale of the placement units,
was placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

It
is the job of our sponsor and management team to complete our initial business combination. Our management team is led by J. Gerald (Gerry)
Combs, our Chief Executive Officer, and Sharwin Sinnan, our Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Combs
brings more than 30 years of leadership experience across numerous engagements with a focus on investment management, manufacturing,
and business growth working with a range of businesses from start-ups to established enterprises. His extensive experience includes debt
restructuring, corporate reorganizations, private placements and public offerings, most recently focused on quantitative asset management
and incubation. In addition, Mr. Combs has served as the Chief Executive Officer of both public and private companies and has assisted
clients in all phases of business development. His experience spans a wide range of companies from manufacturing and distribution to
software and high-tech. We must complete our initial business combination by May 2, 2023, subject to seven (7) one-month extensions to
December 2, 2023 (the Termination Date ). If our initial business combination is not consummated by the Termination Date,
then our existence will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account. 

4 

Extension
Amendment 

As
previously announced on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 1, 2022, on November 28, 2022, at 10:00 a.m. ET, we held a special
meeting of our shareholders pursuant to due notice (the Special Meeting ). Our shareholders entitled to vote at the
Special Meeting cast their votes and approved an amendment to the Trust Agreement (the Extension Amendment Proposal ),
pursuant to which the Trust Agreement was amended to extend the date on which the trustee must liquidate the Trust Account if we
have not completed our initial business combination, from December 2, 2022 to December 2, 2023 provided we deposit 0.045 per share
of Canna-Global public Class A Common Stock per month extended. 

Our
shareholders also approved the First Amendment to our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation at the Special
Meeting, giving us the right to extend the date by which we must (i) consummate an initial business combination, (ii) cease our
operations if we fail to complete such initial business combination, and (iii) redeem or repurchase 100 of our public shares of
Class A Common Stock included as part of the units sold in our IPO from December 2, 2022 by up to twelve (12) one-month
extensions to December 2, 2023. 

In
connection with the voting on the Extension Amendment Proposal at the Special Meeting, holders of 20,630,630 shares of our Class A
common stock exercised their right to redeem those shares for cash at an approximate price of 10.26 per share, for an aggregate of
approximately 211,651,029. As of December 31, 2022, the Trust Account had a balance of 24,599,703. 

In
 connection with the exercise of the first monthly extension of the Termination Date, we caused
 0.045 per outstanding share of our Class A common stock, giving effect to the redemptions disclosed above, or approximately 106,62 2 
for the remaining 2,369,370 Class A common stock to be deposited in the Trust Account on November 30, 2022 in advance of the December
2, 2022 due date. In connection with the second, third, fourth and fifth monthly extensions of the Termination Date, we caused
 0.045 per outstanding share of our Class A Common Stock or approximately 106,622 for the remaining 2,369,370 Class A common stock
to be paid to the Trust Account on each of January 2, January 27, February 27, and March 24, 2023, respectively, in advance of each
monthly due date. 

Business
Strategy 

While
we may pursue a business combination target in any business, industry or geographic region, we intend to focus our search on businesses
in the cannabis industry that are compliant with all applicable laws and regulations within the jurisdictions in which they are located
or operate and, in particular, we will not invest in, or consummate a business combination with, a target business that we determine
has been operating, or whose business plan is to operate, in violation of U.S. federal laws, including the U.S. Controlled Substances
Act. However, we expressly disclaim any intent to and will not consummate a business combination with a target business located in China
or Hong Kong. 

Our
business strategy is to identify and complete one or more business combinations with a target operating in the cannabis industry that
is compliant with all applicable laws and regulations within the jurisdictions in which it is located or operates. We will seek potential
targets which we believe can materially grow revenue and earnings both organically and inorganically through the efforts of our management
team. These may include targets that can benefit from access to capital in order to: (i) increase spending on strategic initiatives that
are expected to generate favorable returns and which can accelerate revenue and earnings growth; (ii) invest in infrastructure or technology;
or (iii) fundamentally restructure their business operations. 

5 

We
plan to leverage our management team s network of potential proprietary and public transaction sources where we believe a combination
of our relationships, knowledge and experience in the technology sector could effect a positive transformation or augmentation of existing
businesses to improve their overall value. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a comprehensive
network of contacts and corporate relationships that we believe will serve as a useful source of acquisition opportunities. We plan to
leverage relationships with management teams of public and private companies, investment professionals at private equity firms and other
financial sponsors, owners of private businesses, investment bankers, restructuring advisers, consultants, attorneys and accountants,
which we believe should provide us with a number of business combination opportunities. 

There
is no geographic limitation to the location of targets, as these types of opportunities are not necessarily bound by geography, however,
we expressly disclaim any intent to and will not consummate a business combination with a target business located in China or Hong Kong.
While evaluating any business combination our team believes that the stage of the market should be considered whether it is a new, transitioning,
or a mature market. 

Companies
 in new and transitioning markets will have a first mover advantage, with significant revenue potential and profit margins. As inexperienced
 competition enters these markets, supply increases with the resulting sales erosion. If the cyclical nature of the new market strategy
 is understood and proper practices are applied, our team believes that there is opportunity to capture significant revenues while
 building a sustainable and established business. 

Companies
 in mature markets experience less volatility and more market/price stability. This stability allows for a traditional approach in
 managing the business, market growth, operations and forecasting sales. 

Entering
 either a new market or a mature market both have a positive and negative effect, mature markets typically offer better stability
 but less growth potential. 

Our
management team has been communicating with their networks of relationships to articulate the parameters for our search for a target
business and a potential business combination, and has begun the process of pursuing and reviewing potential opportunities. After the
initial business combination, our management team intends to apply a rigorous approach to enhancing shareholder value, including examining
opportunities for revenue enhancement, cost savings, operating efficiencies and strategic acquisitions and divestitures and developing
and implementing corporate strategies and initiatives to improve profitability and long-term value. We also plan to evaluate additional
opportunities in the cannabis industry that offer broad portfolio synergies and conduct appropriate risk-weighted analyses to capture
opportunities for growth and value at every level of the cannabis industry supply chain. 

The
Industry Opportunity 

Given
the rapid and continued growth of the legal cannabis market, management believes that the ability to move quickly to capitalize on new
opportunities will be critical to success in creating stakeholder value. Potential areas of interest in the cannabis industry include
but are not limited to domestic and international businesses that are involved in the production, distribution and sale of cannabis as
well as businesses that legally cultivate, process and/or aid in the retail and direct-to-consumer distribution of cannabis. 

The
global legal marijuana market size was valued at 9.1 billion in 2020 and is expected to expand at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR)
of 26.7 from 2021 to 2028 according to a May 2021 study by Grand View Research, called Legal Marijuana Market Size , 
Share Trends Analysis Report By Marijuana Type (Medical, Adult Use), By Product Type (Flower, Oil), By Medical Application (Chronic
Pain, Mental Disorders), And Segment Forecasts, 2021 2028. 

One
of the major factors fueling the market growth is the expanding demand for legal cannabis owing to the growing number of legal cannabis
countries according to the study. Owing to the recent legalizations in different countries, the use of medical marijuana for various
aliments is gaining momentum worldwide. Patients suffering from chronic illnesses, such as Parkinson s, cancer, Alzheimer s,
and many neurological disorders, are administered medical marijuana, as are children for the treatment of disorders like epilepsy. Unlike
other emerging industries, which have been driven by massive technological advances, cannabis has supported therapeutic treatments for
thousands of years across a wide variety of cultures. The evolution of its public perception is being progressed by consumers seeking
cannabis-based treatments for a variety of health and wellness needs. 

6 

The
adult-use segment dominated the market with a revenue share of 54.6 in 2020 and is expected to witness significant growth from 2021
to 2028 according to the May 2021, Grand View Research Report. The legalization of cannabis for adult use is one of the major factors
driving the demand for legal marijuana, according to Grand View Research. In particular, the cannabis industry has seen a dynamic increase
in usage among patients opting to use marijuana in Canada and the U.S., where cannabis for adult use has been legalized, which can be
due to its low prices and fast availability according to an April 22, 2021, article in Rolling Stone magazine titled The United
States of Weed. North America dominated the legal marijuana market with a revenue share of 79.6 in 2020 according to the
Grand View Research Report; this change in pattern is very evident in nations where reimbursement for medical marijuana is not available. 

The
medical segment is expected to grow at a steady rate from 2021 to 2028 according to a May 2021 study that attributes the growth to the
increased awareness of the medical benefits of cannabis, surging demand for plant-based treatments in pain management, and increasing
legalization of cannabis for medical purposes are some of the key factors driving the segment. We believe that as the number of countries
that are legalizing medical marijuana increases, the market will continue to expand thus achieving lucrative growth through 2028. 

According
to the Grand View Research Report, key factors that are driving the legal cannabis market growth include the high prevalence of cancer,
expanding demand for legal marijuana due to the growing number of legal cannabis countries, and changes in government policies. A number
of studies of smoked marijuana found that it can be helpful in treating nausea and vomiting from cancer chemotherapy and other studies
have found that inhaled (smoked or vaporized) marijuana can be helpful treatment of neuropathic pain (pain caused by damaged nerves)
according to the American Cancer Society. With an increasing number of people becoming aware of the benefits of cannabis consumption,
the market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 14.6 during 2021 to 2030 according to a July 7, 2021 , Market Watch article, Legal
Marijuana Market Will Reach US 85.0 Billion by 2030 . 

The
chronic pain segment dominated the market in 2020 with a share of 44.8 . The different types of chronic pain include neurogenic pain,
arthritis pain, cancer pain, low back pain, headache, neck pain, and face pain among others according to an October 2010 National Institutes
of Health (NIH) study called Cannabinoid Delivery Systems for Pain and Inflammation Treatment . Preclinical studies
have shown that cannabinoid receptor agonists block pain in various acute and chronic pain models and that inflammation is attenuated
according to the NIH study. Further, the NIH study reveals that data from clinical trials on synthetic and plant-derived cannabis-based
medicines is promising for the management of chronic neuropathic pain of different origins. It is also hypothesized that cannabis reduces
the alterations in cognitive and autonomic processing that are present in chronic pain states of being. 

Cannabinoids
and endocannabinoids are a hot topic in the fields of chemical and biomedical research with more than 1,000 articles being published
per year and research into cannabinoid delivery systems is growing. We believe that recent developments in pharmacological, pharmaceutical
and technological sciences will result in new therapeutic strategies using both known cannabinoids for new therapeutic strategies as
well as cannabinoid synthetic derivatives. 

There
has been an increase in the adoption of cannabis and its products among patients suffering from mental disorders, such as anxiety, owing
to their antipsychotic effect on the nervous system. Anxiety is expected to be effectively treated by cannabis-based products owing to
their high therapeutic benefits. According to the Anxiety and Depression Association of America in 2021, around 18.1 of the total population
in the U.S. suffers from anxiety disorders each year, and the number is growing at a significant pace. 

Thus,
we believe that there will be significant growth through the broader adoption of cannabis for medical, pain relief and other non-recreational
use. Potential sources for additional growth include the disruption of a variety of health-related market segments including pain management,
sleep, skin care and cosmetics and anxiety, as well as many other applications that are being explored. We believe that the ability to
move quickly to capitalize on these new opportunities will be critical to success in creating stakeholder value. 

As
the industry continues to evolve, we believe that it is crucial to identify the most important end-markets, which we believe are social
consumption, pharmaceutical applications, health and wellness and industrial applications through hemp. 

7 

Our
Acquisition Philosophy 

Our
acquisition philosophy is rooted in several core tenets, consistent with those that have been utilized in the past by members of our
management team as they have evaluated investment opportunities. We have identified the following general and non-exclusive criteria
and guidelines that we believe are consistent with our acquisition strategy and management s experience, and that we believe are
important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We plan to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities,
but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. 

We
intend to focus on companies that we believe possess some or all of the following characteristics: 

Market
 leaders: Leading companies by sales, geographic reach, in our target sub-sectors; 

Institutional-level
 operations and financial controls: Companies that have the underlying infrastructure and operations to build a public company
 platform; 

Established
 growth: Rapidly growing businesses with a proven financial track record or demonstrated success in business model; 

Scalability:
 Companies with a clear strategy and demonstrated ability to scale in their respective state markets and beyond; 

Innovation:
 Innovative and disruptive solutions to industry problems and pain points, including development of new production methods, products
 or new markets; 

Exceptional
 managers: Talented management teams with integrity that seek to increase their companies growth trajectories and be trailblazing
 innovators; and 

Opportunity
 for value creation: Like-minded operators open to strategic resources and influence at the board level. 

These
criteria and guidelines are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination
may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria
that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business
that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria and
guidelines in our shareholder communications related to our initial business combination, which would be in the form of proxy solicitation
or tender offer materials that we would file with the SEC. 

Initial
Business Combination 

We
will have until the Termination Date to consummate our initial business combination unless extended by the Company s stockholders
in accordance with the first amendment to our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

In
the event that our sponsor elects to extend the time to complete a business combination and deposits the applicable amount into the trust
account, as it has done for the first five monthly extensions of the Termination Date, it will receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured
promissory note equal to the amount of any such deposit that will not be repaid in the event that we are unable to close a business combination
unless there are funds available outside the trust account to do so. Such notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial
business combination, or, at the relevant insider s discretion, converted upon consummation of our business combination into additional
placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit. Our shareholders have approved the issuance of the placement units upon conversion of
such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert such notes at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination. 

8 

Our
sponsor is not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are
unable to consummate our initial business combination by the Termination Date, we will, as promptly as possible but not more than ten
business days thereafter, redeem 100 of our outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account,
including a pro rata portion of any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our
taxes, and then seek to dissolve and liquidate. However, we may not be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors
which may take priority over the claims of our public stockholders. In the event of our dissolution and liquidation, the placement units
will expire and will be worthless. The public shareholders will not be able to vote on or redeem their public shares in connection with
any such extensions. 

Nasdaq
rules require that we complete one or more initial business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the
value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned on
the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of
directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. 

If
our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect
to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent
determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced
with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets
or prospects. 

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares
will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial
business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target
business for the post-acquisition company to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons,
but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting
securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target or assets sufficient for it not to be required to register as
an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

Even
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial
business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the
target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number
of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest
in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our
initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. 

If
less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company,
the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test.
If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate
value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for the purposes
of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

The
net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the placement units released to us from the trust account upon the closing of our initial business
combination may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which we complete our initial business combination.
If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account
are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemption of our public shares,
we may use the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account following the closing for general corporate purposes, including
for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness
incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. In addition,
we may be required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial business combination to be used following
the closing for general corporate purposes as described above. 

9 

There
is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances
or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop
agreements we may enter into following consummation of this offering. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would
only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party
to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities
or otherwise. None of our sponsors, officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with
or after our initial business combination. We may also obtain financing prior to the closing of our initial business combination to fund
our working capital needs and transaction costs in connection with our search for and completion of our initial business combination. 

Our
second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, provides that, prior to the consummation of our initial business
combination, we will be prohibited from issuing additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from
the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment
to our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business
combination or (y) amend the foregoing provisions, unless (in connection with any such amendment to our second amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, as amended) we offer our public stockholders the opportunity to redeem their public shares. 

Our
sponsor, Canna-Global LLC, is a Delaware limited liability company. Our sponsor currently beneficially owns 5,650,000 shares of our Class
B common stock and 802,500 Private Placement Units. Our sponsor is controlled by one or more non-U.S. persons. While we do believe that
our sponsor may constitute a foreign person under CFIUS rules and regulations, we do not believe any future initial business
combination between us and a target company would be subject to CFIUS review in view of the asset class in which we seek to complete
a business combination. If, however, our future business combination does fall within the scope of applicable foreign ownership restrictions,
we may be unable to consummate the business combination so we may be required to seek other potential targets. The pool of potential
targets with which we could complete an initial business combination may be limited as a result of any such regulatory restriction. Moreover,
the process of any government review, whether by CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy, which could delay our ability to close our initial
business combination within the requisite time period, which means we may be required to liquidate. If we make a mandatory filing or
determine to submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or proceed with the business combination without notifying CFIUS, we risk CFIUS intervention,
before or after closing the business combination. 

Financial
Position 

With
funds available in the trust account in the amount of 24,599,703 as of December 31, 2022 for an initial business combination (or 16,549,703 after
payment of 8,050,000 of deferred underwriting fees), we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event
for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing
its debt leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities,
or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration
to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing
and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. 

Effecting
our Initial Business Combination 

We
will have until the Termination Date to consummate our initial business combination unless extended by the Company s stockholders
in accordance with the first amendment to our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

In
the event that our sponsor elects to extend the time to complete a business combination and deposits the applicable amount into the trust
account, as it has done for the first five monthly extensions of the Termination Date, it will receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured
promissory note equal to the amount of any such deposit that will not be repaid in the event that we are unable to close a business combination
unless there are funds available outside the trust account to do so. Such notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial
business combination, or, at the relevant insider s discretion, converted upon consummation of our business combination into additional
placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit. Our shareholders have approved the issuance of the placement units upon conversion of
such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert such notes at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination. 

10 

Our
sponsor is not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are
unable to consummate our initial business combination by the Termination Date, we will, as promptly as possible but not more than ten
business days thereafter, redeem 100 of our outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account,
including a pro rata portion of any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our
taxes, and then seek to dissolve and liquidate. However, we may not be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors
which may take priority over the claims of our public stockholders. In the event of our dissolution and liquidation, the placement units
will expire and will be worthless. The public shareholders will not be able to vote on or redeem their public shares in connection with
any such extensions. 

We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our
initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the IPO, the private placement of the placement units, our equity, debt
or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial business
combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would
subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If
our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account
are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A
common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for
maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred
in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We
have not currently selected any business combination target. Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors to evaluate the possible
merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. Although our management
will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will
result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control,
meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business. 

We
may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash
than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public
shares upon completion of the initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection
with such business combination. There are no prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial
business combination. We are not currently a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any
additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt or otherwise. 

Sources
of Target Businesses 

Our
process of identifying acquisition targets will leverage our sponsor and our management team s industry experiences, proven deal
sourcing capabilities and broad and deep network of relationships in numerous industries, including executives and management teams,
private equity groups and other institutional investors, large business enterprises, lenders, investment bankers and other investment
market participants, restructuring advisers, consultants, attorneys and accountants, which we believe should provide us with a number
of business combination opportunities. We expect that the collective experience, capability and network of our sponsor, our directors
and officers, combined with their individual and collective reputations in the investment community, will help to create prospective
business combination opportunities. 

11 

In
addition, we anticipate that target business candidates may be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including
investment bankers and private investment funds. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a
result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think
we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read our prospectus filed with the SEC and know what
types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their respective affiliates, may also bring to our attention
target business candidates of which they become aware through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or
discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. 

We
also expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result
of the business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional
firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals
in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s
length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the
use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis
with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily
tied to completion of a transaction; in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event,
however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s
fee, consulting fee or other compensation by the Company prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion
of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). None of our sponsor, executive officers or directors,
or any of their respective affiliates, will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective
business combination target in connection with a contemplated acquisition of such target by us. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors,
we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from either an independent investment banking firm that is a member
of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view.
Furthermore, in the event that we seek such a business combination, we expect that the independent members of our board of directors
would be involved in the process for considering and approving the transaction. 

Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities, including entities that are affiliates of our sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required
to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business
combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he
or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject
to their fiduciary duties under Delaware law. 

Evaluation
of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq
rules require that we consummate an initial business combination with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value
equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes,
if permitted, and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting commissions). The fair market value of our initial business combination
will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as
discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses or a valuation based on the financial
metrics of M A transactions of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market
value of our initial business combination (including with the assistance of financial advisors), we will obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such
criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair
market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of
a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. We do
not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this
requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target
businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar
company with nominal operation. 

12 

In
any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business
or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be
valued for purposes of the 80 of fair market value test. There is no basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible merits
or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. 

To
the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages
of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant
risk factors. 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which will encompass, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities,
as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. If we determine to move
forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the initial business combination transaction. 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately
completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The Company
will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or
in connection with our initial business combination. 

Lack
of Business Diversification 

For
an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely
on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with
multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate
the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of
diversification may: 

subject
 us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the
 particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and 

cause
 us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although
we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial
business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition,
the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future
role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination
as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial
business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following
our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial
business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge
relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

13 

We
cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The
determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business
combination. Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the
target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will
have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve our Initial Business Combination 

We
may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our second
amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or
applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other reasons. 

Type
 of Transaction 
 
 Whether 
 Stockholder 
 Approval is 
 Required 
 
 Purchase
 of assets 
 
 No 
 
 Purchase
 of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 
 
 No 
 
 Merger
 of target into a subsidiary of the company 
 
 No 
 
 Merger
 of the company with a target 
 
 Yes 

Under
Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we
 issue shares of common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of our shares of common stock then outstanding
 (other than in a public offering); 

any
 of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by the Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons
 collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise
 and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common stock or voting power of
 5 or more; or 

the
 issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

The
decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which stockholder approval
is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and legal reasons, which include a
variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 

the
 timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine stockholder approval would require additional time and there is either
 not enough time to seek stockholder approval or doing so would place the Company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in
 other additional burdens on the Company; 

the
 expected cost of holding a stockholder vote; 

the
 risk that the stockholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; 

other
 time and budget constraints of the Company; and 

additional
 legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to stockholders. 

14 

Permitted
Purchases of Our Securities 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates
may purchase public shares or public warrants in privately-negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following
the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares or warrants our initial stockholders, directors,
officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules.
However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions
for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of
any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange
Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under
the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers
determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules.
Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject
to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such
transactions prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

Our
insider trading policy requires insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing our securities during certain blackout periods when they are
in possession of any material non-public information and (ii) clear all trades of company securities with a compliance officer prior
to execution. We cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will
be dependent upon several factors, including but not limited to, the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances,
our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary. 

The
purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase
the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement
with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination,
where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce
the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection
with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination
that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of Class
A common stock or warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult
to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our
sponsor, officers, directors and/or any of their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor,
officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately-negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or
by our receipt of redemption requests tendered by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial
business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase,
they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro
rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted
a proxy with respect to our initial business combination. Such persons would select the stockholders from whom to acquire shares based
on the number of shares available, the negotiated price per share and such other factors as any such person may deem relevant at the
time of purchase. The price per share paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per share a public stockholder would
receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors
or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal
securities laws. 

15 

Any
purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their respective affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under
the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor
from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements
that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their
respective affiliates will not make purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange
Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are
subject to such reporting requirements. 

Manner
of Conducting Redemptions 

We
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our
initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or
(ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct
a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction
and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing
requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking stockholder
approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers
with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our shares of outstanding common stock
or seek to amend our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, would require stockholder approval. We currently
intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote unless stockholder approval is not required by applicable law or
stock exchange listing requirement and we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or
other reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq rules. 

If
we held a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination, we will, pursuant to our second amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, as amended: 

conduct
 the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation
 of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and 

file
 proxy materials with the SEC. 

In
the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If
we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, we will complete our initial business combination only
if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock present and entitled to vote at the meeting to approve the initial business combination
are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by
proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of
capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our sponsor, officers, directors, and director nominees will count towards
this quorum. Our sponsor, officers, directors, and director nominees have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased
during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements
of our sponsor, officers, directors, and director nominees may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination.
Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed
transaction, or abstained from voting. Public stockholders will not be offered the opportunity to vote on or redeem their shares in connection
with any extension of the period to complete our initial business combination. 

16 

The
quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will complete our
initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or
against the proposed transaction or whether they were a stockholder on the record date for the stockholder meeting held to approve the
proposed transaction. In addition, our sponsor, directors and each member of our management, have entered into a letter agreement with
us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares, including
with respect to any shares obtained through the placement units, held by them in connection with (i) the completion of a business combination
and (ii) a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, that
would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to
redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not completed an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial
business combination. 

If,
however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder
approval for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended: 

conduct
 the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and 

file
 tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial
 and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the
 Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon
the public announcement of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with
Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply
with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will
remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete
our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on
public stockholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public stockholders tender more
shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

Our
second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, will provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares
in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny
stock rules). Redemptions of our public shares may also be subject to a higher net tangible asset test or cash requirement pursuant
to an agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration
to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes
or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the
event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of our Class A common stock that are validly submitted
for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed
the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares
of our Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Limitation
on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with
our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as
amended, will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder
is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption
rights with respect to the Excess Shares. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of
shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business
combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price
or on other undesirable terms. 

17 

Absent
this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO could threaten to exercise its
redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current
market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold
in the IPO without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to
block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target
that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting
our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 

Tendering
Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights 

Public
stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, 
will be required to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation
or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using
The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/ Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case up to
two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve the initial business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender
offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination
will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself
in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials
until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the initial vote on the initial business combination if we distribute
proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short
period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There
is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through
the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the
broker whether to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether we require holders
seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights
regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

The
foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with
their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial
business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating
such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the initial business combination was approved, the Company would
contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder
then had an option window after the completion of the initial business combination during which he or she could monitor
the price of the Company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her
shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the Company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights,
to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option rights surviving
past the completion of the initial business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical
or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming stockholder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the initial
business combination is approved. 

Any
request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve
the initial business combination, unless otherwise agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate
in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such
rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated
that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the
completion of our initial business combination. 

If
our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their
redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case,
we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed business
combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until the Termination
Date. 

18 

Redemption
of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination 

Our
second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, provides that we will have until the Termination Date to complete
our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our business combination within such period, we will: (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem
the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable
law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and
our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law. 

There
will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete
our business combination by the Termination Date. In the event that our sponsor elects to extend the time to complete a business combination
and deposits the applicable amount into the trust account, as it has done for the first five monthly extensions of the Termination Date,
it will receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note equal to the amount of any such deposit that will not be repaid in
the event that we are unable to close a business combination unless there are funds available outside the trust account to do so. Such
notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, or, at the relevant insider s discretion, converted
upon consummation of our business combination into additional placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit. Our shareholders have approved
the issuance of the placement units upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert such notes at the time
of the consummation of our initial business combination. 

Our
shareholders have approved the issuance of the placement units upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert
such notes at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination. Our sponsor is not obligated to fund the trust account
to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. The public shareholders will not be able to vote on or redeem
their public shares in connection with any such extensions. 

Our
sponsor, directors and each member of our management have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived
their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we do not complete an initial
business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination including with respect to any shares obtained through
the placement units. However, if our sponsor, directors or members of our management team acquire public shares in or after this offering,
they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we do not complete an
initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination. 

Our
sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment
to our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation
to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete
an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, unless we provide our public stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to
the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
released to us to pay our taxes, if any divided by the number of the then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public
shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC s
 penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares
such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of
our public shares at such time. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed
by our sponsor, any executive officer, director or director nominee, or any other person. 

19 

We
expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be
funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately 700,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account plus up to 100,000 of funds
from the interest on the trust account available to us to pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be
sufficient funds for such purpose. 

If
we were to expend all of the net proceeds of this offering the sale of the placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the
trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received
by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.15. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become
subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure
you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.15. Under Section 281(b)
of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made
in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of
our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient
to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although
we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target
businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any
kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute
such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including
but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the
enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds
held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account,
our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party
that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial
to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include
the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior
to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider
willing to execute a waiver. 

The
underwriters will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no
guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations,
contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts
held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services
rendered or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or a prospective target business with
which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.15
per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust
account if less than 10.15 per unit, due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be
withdrawn to pay our taxes, if any, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target
business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity
of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. 

In
the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent
of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations,
nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations and we believe that
our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy
those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims
by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

20 

In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.15 per public share and (ii) the actual amount
per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.15 per unit, due to
reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay our taxes, if any, and our
sponsor asserts that they are unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related
to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce
its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose
not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share
redemption price will not be less than 10.15 per unit. 

We
will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses
or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or
to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of
this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to approximately
 700,000 from the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the placement units with which to pay any such potential claims (including
costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 25,000). In the
event that we liquidate, and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders
who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors, however such liability will not be greater than
the amount of funds from our trust account received by any such stockholder. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate
of 425,000, we may fund such excess with funds from the funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds
we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses
are less than our estimate of 425,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding
amount. 

Under
the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by
them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public
shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination
may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section
280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during
which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims
brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders
with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount
distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

Furthermore,
if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event
we do not complete our initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, is not considered
a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition
of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of
the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead
of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the period
to consummate the initial business combination, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that
may be released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay taxes and if needed, dissolution expenses), divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each
case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly,
it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following our 18th month and, therefore, we do not intend
to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions
received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

21 

Because
we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such
time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within
the subsequent ten years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be
limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as
lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our
underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which
we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust
account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any
claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the extent
necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.15 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount
per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the
trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity
of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an
executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability
for such third-party claims. 

If
we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed,
the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law and may be included in our bankruptcy
estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims
deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.15 per unit to our public stockholders. Additionally, if
we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed,
any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either
a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek
to recover some, or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its
fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive
damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that
claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our
public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares
if we do not complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, (ii) in connection
with a stockholder vote to amend our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, (A) to modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares
if we do not complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination or (B) with respect
to any other provisions relating to the rights of holders of our Class A common stock, or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares
for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination. Public stockholders who redeem their Class A common stock in connection
with a stockholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon
the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not completed an initial business combination
within the period to consummate the initial business combination, with respect to such shares of our Class A common stock so redeemed.
In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek
stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the initial
business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the
trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, may be
amended with a stockholder vote. 

22 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter competition from other
entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout
funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established
and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these
competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses
will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial business
combination of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their
redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the
future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place
us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

Employees 

We
currently have two executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters, but
they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination.
The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial
business combination and the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees
prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

Periodic
Reporting and Financial Information 

Our
Class A common stock and warrants are registered under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that
we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports
contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

We
will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender
offer materials, as applicable, sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial
statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the
historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement
requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements
in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within
the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate
will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will
be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements
cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates,
we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

We
are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth
company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity
to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We
have filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange
Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing
a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial
business combination. 

23 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such,
we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and
stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of
the completion of our IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion (as adjusted for inflation pursuant
to SEC rules from time to time), or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class
A common stock that is held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700.0 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we
have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of material
risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

our
 sponsor being controlled by one or more non-U.S. persons, which may result in us being deemed a foreign person under
 the regulations relating to the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States and our failure to obtain any required approvals
 within the requisite time period may require us to liquidate; 

early
 stage company without an operating history; 

lack
 of opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination; 

lack
 of protections afforded to investors of blank check companies; 

issuance
 of equity and/or debt securities to complete a business combination; 

lack
 of working capital; 

third-party
 claims reducing the per-share redemption price; 

negative
 interest rate for securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account; 

our
 stockholders being held liable for claims by third parties against us; 

failure
 to enforce our sponsor s indemnification obligations; 

the
 ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company; 

dependence
 on key personnel; 

24 

conflicts
 of interest of our sponsor, officers and directors and the representative; 

the
 delisting of our securities by Nasdaq; 

dependence
 on a single target business with a limited number of products or services; 

shares
 being redeemed and warrants and rights becoming worthless; 

our
 competitors with advantages over us in seeking business combinations; 

ability
 to obtain additional financing; 

our
 initial stockholders controlling a substantial interest in us; 

warrants 
 and founder shares adverse effect on the market price of our common stock; 

disadvantageous
 timing for redeeming warrants; 

registration
 rights adverse effect on the market price of our common stock; 

impact
 of COVID-19 and related risks; 

business
 combination with a company located in a foreign jurisdiction; 

changes
 in laws or regulations; tax consequences to business combinations; and 

exclusive
 forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

For
the complete list of risks relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our Registration
Statement. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties 

Our
executive offices are located at 4640 Admiralty Way, Suite 500, Marina Del Rey, California 90292 and our telephone number is (310) 496-5700.
The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative
and shared personnel support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

To
the knowledge of our management team, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors
in their capacity as such or against any of our property. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

25 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a) 
 Market Information 

Our
units, public shares and public warrants are each traded on Nasdaq under the symbols CNGLU ,
 CNGL and CNGL W ,
respectively. Our units commenced public trading on November 30 , 2021 , and our public shares
and public warrants commenced separate public trading on January 20, 2022. 

(b) 
 Holders 

On
March 31, 2023, there were two holders of record of our units, four holders of record of our shares of Class A common stock and one
holder of record of our warrants. 

(c) 
 Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent
to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur
any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive
covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) 
 Securities
 Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. 

None. 

(e) 
 Recent
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 

As
previously disclosed on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 2, 2021, on November 30, 2021, simultaneously with the consummation of
the IPO, the Company completed a private placement of an aggregate of 802,500 units at a price of 10.00 per placement unit, generating
total gross proceeds of 8,025,000. The placement units are identical to the units sold as part of the public units in the IPO, except
as described in the Company s S-1 Registration Statement, including in part that the initial purchasers agreed not to transfer,
assign or sell any of the placement units or underlying securities (except in limited circumstances, as described in the S-1 Registration
Statement) until the completion of the Company s initial business combination. 

Such
initial purchasers were granted certain demand and piggyback registration rights in connection with the purchase of the placement units.
The placement units were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as the transactions did not involve
a public offering. If the placement units are held by holders other than the Sponsor or their respective permitted transferees, the placement
units will be redeemable by the Company under all redemption scenarios and exercisable by holders on the same basis as the public warrants.
The placement units were issued pursuant to, and are governed by the warrant agreement. 

(f) 
 Purchases
 of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

26 

(g) 
 Use
 of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering 

On
November 30, 2021, the Company consummated its initial public offering of 23,000,000 units, including 3,000,000 units issued on December
2, 2021 pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option in full. Each unit consists of one public share and
one public warrant, with each whole public warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one public share for 11.50 per share. The
units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 230, 000,000 . 

A
total of 233,450,000 of the proceeds from the initial public offering (which amount includes 3,450,000
of the underwriters deferred discount) and the sale of the private placement units, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account at
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, maintained by Continental, acting as trustee. The proceeds held in the trust account may be invested by the
trustee only in U.S. government securities with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government
treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. 

Item
6. Reserved. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

References
in this Report to we, us or the Company refer to Canna-Global Acquisition Corp. References
to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor 
refer to Canna-Global, LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations
should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. Certain information
contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the
Exchange Act that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those expected and projected. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in Report, including statements in
this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s
financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements.
Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, seek 
and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements
relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available.
A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed
in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to Item 1.A Risk Factors. The Company s securities filings
can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities
law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a business combination with
one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds our IPO and the private
placement of the placement units, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant
to backstop agreements we may enter into), shares issued to the owners of a target, debt issued to banks or other lenders or the owners
of a target, or a combination of the foregoing. 

The
issuance of additional shares of common stock in connection with an initial business combination to the owners of a target or other investors: 

may significantly dilute
 the equity interest of investors in our IPO, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the insider shares
 resulted in the issuance of common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis; 

may subordinate the rights
 of holders of our common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; 

could
 cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things,
 our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers
 and directors; 

may
 have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person
 seeking to obtain control of us; and 

may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock and/or rights. 

27 

Similarly,
if we issue debt securities or otherwise incur significant debt to banks or other lenders or the owners of a target, it could result
in: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt
 obligations; 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants
 that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such
 financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our
 inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends
 on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general
 corporate purposes; 

limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; 

limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution
 of our strategy; and 

other
 purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We
expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete
our initial business combination will be successful. 

Results
of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational
activities and those necessary in connection with our IPO, as described below, and identifying a target for our initial business combination.
We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial business combination. We generated non-operating
income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 2,772,773 for the year ended December 31,
2022. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as
well as for due diligence expenses in connection with completing our initial business combination and have a net income of 1,159,838
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

On
November 30, 2021, we consummated our IPO of 20,000,000 Units, at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 200,000,000.
Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, pursuant to the Unit Subscription Agreement, the Company completed the private sale of 712,500
placement units to the Sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per placement unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 7,125,000. 

Following
our IPO, the Underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full, and the closing of the issuance and sale of the additional 3,000,000
Units (the Over-Allotment Units occurred also on December 2, 2021, generating gross proceeds of 30,000,000. In connection
with the closing of the purchase of the Over-Allotment Units, the Company sold an additional 90,000 placement units to the Sponsor at
a price of 10.00 per placement unit, generating an additional 900,000 of gross proceeds. We incurred transaction costs in the IPO with
the exercise of the overallotment totaling 15,335,300, consisting of 3,450,000 of cash underwriting fees, 8,050,000 of deferred underwriting
fees, 3,450,000 funded to the trust account and 385,300 of other costs related to the IPO. 

28 

We
intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust
account (less deferred underwriting commissions), to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest to pay taxes.
We estimate our annual franchise tax obligations, based on the number of shares of our common stock currently authorized and outstanding,
to be 200,000, which is the maximum amount of annual franchise taxes payable by us as a Delaware corporation per annum, which we may
pay from funds from the IPO held outside of the trust account or from interest earned on the funds held in our trust account and released
to us for this purpose. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts
held in the trust account. We expect the interest earned on the amount in the trust account will be sufficient to pay our income taxes.
To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination,
the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or
businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

Prior
to the completion of our initial business combination, we will have available to us the approximately 700,000 of proceeds held outside
the trust account. We will use these funds to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective
target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their or owners, review
corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete an initial business
combination. 

In
order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination,
our sponsor or an affiliate of our CEO or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds on a non-interest
bearing basis as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we will repay such loaned amounts. In the event that
our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay
such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. 

Up
to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation
of our initial business combination. The units would be identical to the placement units. Other than as described above, the terms of
such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans.
We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our CEO as we do not believe third parties will
be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

We
expect our primary liquidity requirements during that period to include approximately 350,000 for legal, accounting, due diligence,
travel and other expenses associated with structuring, negotiating and documenting successful business combinations; 60,000 for legal
and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting requirements; 120,000 for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support; 150,000 for Director and Officer liability insurance premiums; and approximately 20,000 for working capital that will be used
for miscellaneous expenses and reserves. 

These
amounts are estimates and may differ materially from our actual expenses. In addition, we could use a portion of the funds not being
placed in trust to pay commitment fees for financing, fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business or as a
down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision designed to keep target businesses from shopping 
around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular
proposed initial business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into an agreement where
we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business, the amount that would be used as a down payment or to fund a no-shop 
provision would be determined based on the terms of the specific business combination and the amount of our available funds at the time.
Our forfeiture of such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise) could result in our not having sufficient funds to continue
searching for, or conducting due diligence with respect to, prospective target businesses. 

We
do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However,
if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business
combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior
to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial business combination
or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our initial business combination,
in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. In addition, we intend to
target businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the placement units, and may as a result
be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable
securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. If we
are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to
cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient,
we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

29 

Going
Concern 

In
connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting
Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going
Concern, we have until the Termination Date to consummate a business combination. It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate
a business combination by this time. If a business combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation
and subsequent dissolution. Management has determined that the mandatory liquidation, should a business combination not occur, and potential
subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not
participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable
interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered
into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other
entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement
to pay an affiliate of our Sponsor a monthly fee of 10,000 for office space, utilities and administrative support provided to the Company,
and an agreement to pay Jonathan Combs a monthly fee of 7,000 for consulting service provided to the Company. We began incurring these
fees after November 30, 2021 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the initial business
combination or the Company s liquidation. 

The
underwriter is entitled to a deferred fee of 0.15 per unit 3,450,000 as the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised
in full) in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely
in the event that we complete a business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. We have not identified any critical accounting policies. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on our condensed financial statements. 

30 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Through
December 31, 2022, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities, activities relating to our initial public offering and
since the initial public offering, the search for a target business with which to consummate an initial business combination. We have
engaged in limited operations and have not generated any revenues. We have not engaged in any hedging activities since our inception
on April 12, 2021. We do not expect to engage in any hedging activities with respect to the market risk to which we are exposed. 

The
net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account at Morgan Stanley , maintained by Continental, acting as trustee, have been invested in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or
less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct
U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material
exposure to interest rate risk. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

This
information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer (together,
the Certifying Officers ), we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this Report. 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports
filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including
our Certifying Officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

As
required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for
external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that: 

(1) 
 pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
 assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance
 with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors,
 and 

(3) 
 provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated
financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting on December 31, 2022. In making these assessments,
management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control
 Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, due to the material weakness in our internal controls due to inadequate
segregation of duties within account processes due to limited personnel and insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting,
IT, and financial reporting and record keeping. 

Management
intends to implement remediation steps to improve our internal controls due to inadequate segregation of duties within account processes
due to limited personnel and insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting, IT, and financial reporting and record keeping.
We plan to further improve this process by enhancing the size and composition of our board upon the closing of the business and to identify
third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and consideration of additional staff with the
requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals and implemented additional layers of reviews in the
financial close process. 

This
Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth
company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

Not
applicable. 

31 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

As
of the date of this Report, our founder, officers and directors are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 J.
 Gerald Combs 
 
 73 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Sharwin
 Sinnan 
 
 39 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Subramaniam
 Thavaraj 
 
 70 
 
 Director,
 Chairperson of the Board s Compensation Committee, and Member of the Board s Audit Committee 
 
 Dr.
 Wian Stander 
 
 47 
 
 Director,
 Chairperson of the Board s Governance and Nomination Committee 
 
 Christine
 Cho 
 
 62 
 
 Director,
 Chairperson of the Board s Audit Committee and Member of the Board s Compensation Committee 
 
 Kah
 Yong Tham 
 
 67 
 
 Director,
 Member of the Board s Governance and Nomination Committee, and Member of the Board s Compensation Committee 

J.
Gerald (Gerry) Combs brings more than 30 years of investment management, manufacturing, finance and legal experience in various
roles to his role as Chief Executive Officer and Director of the company. Mr. Combs has assisted clients in all phases of business development
from business plan to their initial public offerings on Nasdaq and NYSE. His experience spans a wide range of companies from manufacturing
and distribution to software and high tech where he has handled the corporate interaction with the research analyst community and individual
market makers, and has deep experience negotiating with investment and commercial banks for both equity and debt financing as well as
bringing significant public company experience. Currently, Mr. Combs also serves as chief executive officer of CASH International Asset
Management Limited (CIAM) since 2018. Headquartered in Hong Kong, CIAM is a subsidiary of Celestial Asia Securities Holdings Limited,
a global asset management company specializing in an array of active, return-oriented investment strategies. Previously, Mr. Combs served
as a senior investment banker with the parent of CIAM, CASH Financial Services Group in Hong Kong where he handled U.S. relationships
since 2004. 

Since
February 2010, Mr. Combs has also served as the CEO of Jerald Capital Corp, an investment banking firm. From 1997 to 2004, Mr. Combs
served as SunRiver Corp s chairman and chief executive officer. SunRiver Corp is the parent company of Boundless Technologies,
which makes network computers. From 1992 to 1997, Mr. Combs served as President and chief executive officer New York-based financial
consultancy Merrico Corp. 

From
1985 to 1992, he served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Merrico Corporation, a privately held financial consulting firm. In
October 1975, he began his business career at the investment banking firm of Salomon Brothers, where his responsibilities included mergers
and acquisitions, initial public offerings, secondary offerings, and private placements. He earned his Bachelor of Arts degree from Northwestern
University (1972) and received a Juris Doctorate (J.D.) from St. Louis University where he graduated with honors (1975). 

Sharwin
Sinnan serves as Chief Financial Officer and Director of Canna-Global Acquisition Corp where he brings nearly 20 years of sophisticated
finance and accounting experience. Mr. Sinnan is the Founder of S23 Capital LLC and serves as the Portfolio Manager for Global Long/Short
Equity Tech, Media Telecom, which operates S23 Capital Growth Fund since January 2013. The S23 Capital Growth Fund focuses
on long- and short-equity investments in the technology sector with an annualized rate of return of 21 over a 9-year period in asset
classes involving global communications infrastructure, U.S. tech/media to include global telecom, cable and data infrastructure (including
semiconductors, supply chain and software) and created and maintain an in-house database of 150+ company operating models and projections.
At S23 Capital LLC, Mr. Sinnan executes a highly concentrated long/short equity strategy, generating actionable investment ideas across
a 3-to-5-year investment horizon and provide financial advisory services within network of clients and industry professionals; conducted
due diligence on private and public transactions across industries including Cannabis, Technology, Real Estate, and Energy. 

32 

Prior
to S23 Capital, Mr. Sinnan served for more than three years as the Financial Officer for SJLT Group Pvt. Ltd in New York and Chennai,
India from September 2009 to December 2012 for Manufacturing Conglomerate: Textiles Granite where he spearheaded the development
and initial operations of the U.S. business arm of a multinational conglomerate headquartered in Chennai, India. The company revenues
increased 500 over a 3-year period under Mr. Sinnan s leadership. During that time he worked closely with the CEO and developed
and executed the business plan, led client and supplier negotiations and was responsible for all financial reporting including budgeting
and projections. From July 2006 to August 2009, Mr. Sinnan worked for three years as a Financial Associate for TIAA-CREF in New York
worked he worked as an analyst on a distressed work-out team, managing a portfolio consisting of domestic and international private and
public securities, equity positions and commercial mortgages totaling 1 billion AUM, prepared valuation analysis of public and private
companies, attended deal-specific investor relations meetings and industry conferences, correspondingly updated financial models for
business decisions, and was responsible for the creation and presentation of weekly, monthly, and quarterly portfolio reports and deal
specific tear-sheets. At TIAA-CREF, Mr. Sinnan worked closely with internal and external legal counsel, financial advisory, accounting,
compliance, proprietary desks, trading, and risk departments; responsible for company material non-public information and was instrumental
in the origination of a company-first distressed investing initiative; team allocated 100 million. Mr. Sinnan is a graduate of New York
University: Leonard N. Stern School Of Business in 2006 with a Bachelor of Science in Finance Accounting where he was a NYU Stern
Scholar. 

Subramaniam
Thavaraj brings more than 40 years of health education and health promotion programs at the state, national and institutional
levels to us; the first 40 years with the Malaysia s Ministry of Health from 1978 to 2018 where he rose the ladder from a junior
officer to become the first Director of the Institute for Behavioral Research which he pioneered in 2005 to become a member of the Board
of Directors of the Malaysian Health Promotion Board from 2014 to 2017. 

Since
2019, Mr. Thavaraj has served as a Partner with Messrs. Palany, Fairus Adib Chambers, a registered law firm with the Bar Council
of Malaysia. Before then, from 2012 through 2019, he served as a Law Associate with Messrs. Rejendra Palany Chambers, a registered law
firm with the Bar Council of Kuala Lumpur. Since August 2012, Mr. Thavaraj has served as a part-time lecturer in the International Medical
University Kuala Lumpur, teaching Health Promotion for the Master in Science program in Public Health, and Business Law, Company Law
and Employment Law for the Anglia Ruskin University in FTMS College in Kuala Lumpur. He has conducted training in Labor Laws for the
plantation sector, and Health Promotion for Master in Public Health Program in University of Malaysia Sarawak (UNIMAS). 

During
his years with Malaysia s Ministry of Health, Mr. Thavaraj as Head of the Post-graduate Program in Health Education and Coordinator
of the Master of Science Program in University Kebangsaan Malaysia UKM or the National University of Malaysia), conducted
training in Health Education and Health Promotion from 1994 to 2008. He can attribute the accreditation of this course by UKM in 1996
as his legacy. Mr. Thavaraj was the Principal Researcher for Behavioral Research among youths and specific groups in various communicable
and chronic diseases. He was responsible for developing Risk Communication Training Manuals for Malaysia and Association of Southeast
Asian Nations ASEAN countries, while conducting workshops, seminars and conferences for ASEAN countries in Risk Communication.
Mr. Thavaraj pioneered health promotion campaigns in healthy lifestyle from 1989 to 1994 in Malaysia. He conducted behavioral research
in healthy lifestyles and was involved in campaigns and research on healthy sexual behavior, HIV AIDS, lifestyle diseases, as well as
in immunization programs for Rubella, Hepatitis B and childhood diseases. 

Mr.
Thavaraj reached the height of his profession as the ASEAN Consultant in Risk Communication from 2006 to 2008. He was attached to the
Johns Hopkins University for three weeks in Disaster Management in 2003, and attended international meetings and seminars, and presented
papers in Health Promotion and HIV AIDS in Vancouver 2006, and Manila in 1998. Mr. Thavaraj visited health agencies in various cities
in the United States on a World Health Organization (WHO) Fellowship for Media Campaigns in 1991. He also visited the National Institute
of Health (NIH) and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), and public health agencies and universities in Canada to study
behavioral research in 2006. 

Mr.
Thavaraj obtained a Bachelor of Science degree with Honors from University of Science, Malaysia (1977), a Master in Arts degree from
the University of South Dakota (1992), and a Bachelor of Laws (LL.B) degree in 1996 in the United Kingdom and a Certificate in Legal
Practice (Malaysia) in 1997. 

Dr.
Wian Stander brings nearly two decades of medical training to our company s cannabis focus with specialties in functional
medicine, interventional ortho-biologics, sports medicine, pediatric special needs including autism, ADHD, and allergies. He is the founder
of multiple Integrative medical centers and clinics throughout Africa, including Namibia and Mauritius. 

Dr.
Stander launched the StemMed Regenerative Medical Centres in 2011 assisting patients living with chronic degenerative conditions that
provide regenerative medicine aimed at restoring the normal function of organ systems in Melrose Arch, Johannesburg (Gauteng) Bryanston,
Johannesburg (Gauteng), Parys (Free State), Bloemfontein (Free State), Potchefstroom (North-West Province), Namibia (Windhoek), Mauritius
(Floreal DHI), Uganda (Kampala), Kenya (Nairobi), and Sao Tome (Sao Tome et Principe). His clinics also include the Integrative Medical
Centre in Bryanston, Johannesburg (Gauteng). In 2007, Dr. Stander launched the Slimming Clinic SA Medical Weight Loss franchise
throughout South Africa. 

33 

Dr.
Stander is a graduate from the University of Pretoria in 2000 and he obtained a post-graduate qualification in Tropical Diseases and
Travel Medicine at University of the Witwatersrand in 2004. He completed Fellowship training in Anti-ageing and Functional Medicine at
the South African Association of Anti-Ageing and Integrative Medicine in 2012 as well as Advanced Stem Cell Therapy program at the American
Academy for Anti-Aging Medicine in 2014. He is currently an advanced Fellowship program Pediatric Special Needs through the U.S.-based
MedMAPs organization. 

Christine
Cho brings over 20 years of accounting experience with public and private companies in Malaysia and Singapore. From January 2019
to February 2022, Ms. Cho was a Director of Sales and Advisory at CTBC Bank in Singapore. Prior to that, Ms. Cho served as a Director
and Client Advisor at Standard Chartered Bank in Singapore from December 2015 to January 2019 and as the Director for South East Asia
operations at the Singapore branch of Coutts Co. from December 2013 to December 2015. At these roles, Ms. Cho focused on strategic
and holistic advisory to high net worth clients, advising on various asset classes and products in global markets. Prior to working at
Coutts Co, Ms. Cho was the Director and Founder of Private Banking at RHB Investment Bank in Malaysia from January 2007 to December
2013. There, Ms. Cho was responsible for the direction and profitability of Private Banking, with a focus on commercial viability, marketing,
operational efficiency, product/service offerings and banking rules and regulations in Malaysia. Ms. Cho also has extensive experience
as an Audit Manager, working for Ernst Young in Malaysia from January 1980 to December 1987, including a secondment to the Los
Angeles office of the company from October 1985 to September 1986. 

Ms.
Cho holds banking qualifications in Malaysia and Singapore and is a member of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants and the Malaysian
Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 

Kah
Yong Tham brings nearly 40-year career in the banking industry, he has acquired wide variety of experience in credit evaluation,
marketing, trade finance, fraud detection, as well as credit risk management. From April 2019 to January 2020, he served as Executive
Director of Vortex Consolidated Berhad, an information technology public company listed on Bursa Malaysia, the Malaysian stock exchange. 

From
June 2011 to December 2017, Mr. Tham applied his strong experience in credit risk management at Malayan Banking Berhad, Malaysia s
largest banking group, to assist on a contract basis as a Credit Specialist from 2010 to 2017, to improve the bank s assets quality
for consumer mortgage loans and middle market lending to business enterprises, enhance the bank s internal risk assessment processes,
security documentation, and trade finance processing of documents, to filter out potential fictitious financing and timely asset remedial
actions. 

In
2004, Mr. Tham joined the Credit Operations Division of Public Bank Berhad as Director of Credit Approval and was subsequently promoted
to Director of Credit Administration and Supervision where he remained until 2010, upon reaching the then mandatory retirement age of
55. In 1991, he was transferred to the bank s subsidiary as its Chief Operating Officer for the factoring operations (domestic
and international), reporting to the board of directors. Factoring operations requires an in-depth knowledge of business acumen and stringent
credit appraisal to weed out potential frauds. Mr. Tham played this key role for 13 years with an impeccable record of achieving the
yearly budget set by the board. 

In
1983, Mr. Tham joined Public Bank Berhad as a Senior Officer in Credit Administration and Supervision for four years before assuming
the post of Branch Manager until 1991. As Branch Manager, Mr. Tham s key responsibilities were the overall profitability in deposits,
loans growth and asset quality. Prior to that, he was with Koperasi Serbaguna Malaysia Berhad, a licensed and regulated public cooperative
as Deputy General Manager (Loans), where his main job was to formulate operating policies on loans to its members as well as general
office administration. Mr. Tham started his career in 1979 with a member bank of United Overseas Bank Group, Malaysia, as Credit Officer
where he remained until 1982, as Assistant Branch Manager. He is experienced in all aspects of branch banking operations, including credit
processing for consumer and business loans. He graduated from University Malaya in 1979 with a Bachelor of Economics, majoring in Business
Administration. 

34 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

We
have six directors. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected in each year
and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. 

The
term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Christine Cho and Kah Yong Tham, will expire at our first annual meeting
of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Subramaniam Thavaraj and Dr. Wian Stander, will expire
at our second annual meeting of the stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of and J. Gerald Combs
and Sharwin Sinnan, will expire at our third annual meeting of stockholders. 

We
may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we complete our initial business combination. Prior to the completion of an
initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our
founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares
may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into concurrently with the issuance
and sale of the securities in this offering, our sponsor, upon completion of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate
individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as our sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration rights agreement. 

Our
officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our board of directors is authorized to nominate persons to the offices set forth in our second amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, as amended, as it deems appropriate. Our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, provides
that our officers may consist of one or more chairman of the board of directors, chief executive officer, president, chief financial
officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the Company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the Company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. We have independent directors, as defined in Nasdaq listing standards
and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors have three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a corporate governance and nominating
committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the
audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception,
the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. 

35 

Audit
Committee 

We
have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Christine Cho and Subramaniam Thavaraj serve as members of our audit committee.
Our board of directors has determined that each Christine Cho and Subramaniam Thavaraj meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq
listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Christine Cho serves as the chairman of the audit committee. Each
member of the audit committee is financially literate, and our board of directors has determined that each of Christine Cho and Subramaniam
Thavaraj qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. We have adopted an audit
committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

appointing,
 compensating and overseeing our independent registered public accounting firm; 

reviewing
 and approving the annual audit plan for the Company; 

overseeing
 the integrity of our financial statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; 

discussing
 the annual audited financial statements and unaudited quarterly financial statements with management and the independent registered
 public accounting firm; 

pre-approving
 all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including
 the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing
 or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm; 

establishing
 procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints (including anonymous complaints) we receive concerning accounting,
 internal accounting controls, auditing matters or potential violations of law; 

monitoring
 our environmental sustainability and governance practices; 

establishing
 procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls
 or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; 

approving
 audit and non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm; 

discussing
 earnings press releases and financial information provided to analysts and rating agencies; 

discussing
 with management our policies and practices with respect to risk assessment and risk management; 

reviewing
 any material transaction between our Chief Financial Officer that has been approved in accordance with our Code of Ethics for our
 officers, and providing prior written approval of any material transaction between us and our President; and 

producing
 an annual report for inclusion in our proxy statement, in accordance with applicable rules and regulations. 

The
audit committee is a separately designated standing committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. 

36 

Compensation
Committee 

We
have established a compensation committee of our board of directors. The members of our compensation committee are Subramaniam Thavaraj,
Christine Cho and Kah Yong Tham. Subramaniam Thavaraj serves as chairman of the compensation committee. Under Nasdaq listing standards
and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent
directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Subramaniam Thavaraj, Christine Cho and Kah Yong Tham is independent. We
have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving corporate goals and objectives relevant to our President s compensation, evaluating our President s performance
 in light of those goals and objectives, and setting our President s compensation level based on this evaluation; 

setting
 salaries and approving incentive compensation and equity awards, as well as compensation policies, for all other officers who file
 reports of their ownership, and changes in ownership, of the Company s common stock under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act
 (the Section 16 Officers ), as designated by our board of directors; 

making
 recommendations to the board of directors with respect to incentive compensation programs and equity-based plans that are subject
 to board approval; 

approving
 any employment or severance agreements with our Section 16 Officers; 

granting
 any awards under equity compensation plans and annual bonus plans to our President and the Section 16 Officers; 

approving
 the compensation of our directors; and 

producing
 an annual report on executive compensation for inclusion in our proxy statement, in accordance with applicable rules and regulations. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment to an affiliate of our sponsor, of 10,000 per month until the Termination
Date, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting
or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior
to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely
that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review
and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such
adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the
compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity
that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. 

Corporate
Governance and Nominating Committee 

We
have established a corporate governance and nominating committee of our board of directors. The members of our corporate governance and
nominating committee are Dr. Wian Stander and Kah Yong Tham. Dr. Wian Stander serves as chairman of the corporate governance and nominating
committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards, we are required to have a corporate governance and nominating committee composed entirely
of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Dr. Wian Stander and Kah Yong Tham is independent. 

37 

The
primary function of the corporate governance and nominating committee include: 

identifying
 individuals qualified to become members of the board of directors and making recommendations to the board of directors regarding
 nominees for election; 

reviewing
 the independence of each director and making a recommendation to the board of directors with respect to each director s independence; 

developing
 and recommending to the board of directors the corporate governance principles applicable to us and reviewing our corporate governance
 guidelines at least annually; 

making
 recommendations to the board of directors with respect to the membership of the audit, compensation and corporate governance and
 nominating committees; 

overseeing
 the evaluation of the performance of the board of directors and its committees on a continuing basis, including an annual self-evaluation
 of the performance of the corporate governance and nominating committee; 

considering
 the adequacy of our governance structures and policies, including as they relate to our environmental sustainability and governance
 practices; 

considering
 director nominees recommended by stockholders; and 

reviewing
 our overall corporate governance and reporting to the board of directors on its findings and any recommendations. 

Guidelines
for Selecting Director Nominees 

The
guidelines for selecting nominees, which we have specified in our charter adopted by us, generally provide that potential candidate nominations: 

should
 possess personal qualities and characteristics, accomplishments and reputation in the business community; 

should
 have current knowledge and contacts in the communities in which we do business and, in our industry, or other industries relevant
 to our business; 

should
 have the ability and willingness to commit adequate time to the board of directors and committee matters; 

should
 demonstrate ability and willingness to commit adequate time to the board of directors and committee matters; 

should
 possess the fit of the individual s skills and personality with those of other directors and potential directors in building
 a board of directors that is effective, collegial and responsive to our needs; and 

should
 demonstrate diversity of viewpoints, background, experience, and other demographics, and all aspects of diversity in order to enable
 the board of directors to perform its duties and responsibilities effectively, including candidates with a diversity of age, gender,
 nationality, race, ethnicity, and sexual orientation. 

Each
year in connection with the nomination of candidates for election to the board of directors, the corporate governance and nominating
committee will evaluate the background of each candidate, including candidates that may be submitted by our stockholders. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our
audit committee charter with the SEC. You are able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site
at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose
any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

38 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

Compensation
Discussion and Analysis 

None
of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. In addition, our sponsor, executive
officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or
our or their respective affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside
the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls
in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and completing an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor
has transferred 60,000 founder shares among our former Chief Executive Officer, to our former Chief Financial Officer and to each of
our independent directors at their original purchase price pursuant to executed securities assignment agreements, effective as of July
23, 2021. On October 5, 2021, our sponsor assigned 40,000 founder shares to our new Chief Executive Officer and on April 6, 2022, our
sponsor assigned 20,000 founder shares to our new Chief Financial Officer. On July 1, 2022, our sponsor assigned 1,000 founder shares
to Christine Cho upon her appointment to our Board of Directors. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial
business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting
fees, will be paid by the Company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion
of our initial business combination. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management
fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation
materials or tender offer materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established
any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our members of management. It is unlikely the amount
of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination because the directors of the post-combination business
will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers
will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely
by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the completion
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the completion of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

The
compensation committee has reviewed and discussed this Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management and, based upon its review
and discussions, the compensation committee recommended to the board of directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included
in this Report. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2023, based
on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of common stock, by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each
 of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns shares of common stock; and 

all
 our executive officers and directors as a group. 

39 

In
the table below, percentage ownership is based on 8,153,030 shares of our common stock, consisting of (i) 2,403,030 shares of Class A
common stock, par value 0.000001 per share, issued and outstanding (including 2,369,370 shares subject to possible redemption) and (ii)
5,750,000 shares of our Class B common stock, issued and outstanding. On all matters to be voted upon, except for the election of directors
of the board, holders of the shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock vote together as a single class. Currently,
all of the shares of Class B common stock are convertible into Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement
warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (2) 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (2) 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock 
 
 Canna-Global LLC (1) 
 802,500 
 33.4 
 5,629,000 
 97.9 
 9.8 
 
 J. Gerald Combs 
 - 
 - 
 40,000 

Sharwin Sinnan 
 - 
 - 
 20,000 

Dr. Wian Stander 
 - 
 - 
 5,000 

Subramaniam Thavaraj 
 - 
 - 
 5,000 

Kah Yong Tham 
 - 
 - 
 5,000 

Christine Cho 
 - 
 - 
 1,000 

All six (6) executive officers and directors as a group (individuals) 
 - 
 - 
 76,000 

Less
 than 1 

(1) 
 Canna-Global
 LLC, our sponsor, is the record holder of the securities reported herein. The business address of each of these entities and individuals
 is 4640 Admiralty Way, Suite 500, Marina Del Rey, California 90292. 

(2) 
 Interests
 shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock, as well as placement shares. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Table 

None. 

Changes
in Control 

None. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

On
July 13, 2021, our sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per unit, in exchange for the issuance of 5,750,000
Class B founder shares, par value 0.000001. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder
shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares upon completion of this offering (excluding the placement units and underlying securities).
Up to 750,000 founder shares held by our sponsor were subject to forfeiture by our sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters 
over-allotment option was exercised, which is no longer the case as they were exercised in full. 

40 

The
founder shares (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be
transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. Our sponsor has transferred 60,000 founder shares among our former Chief Executive Officer,
our former Chief Financial Officer and each of our independent directors at their original purchase price pursuant to executed securities
assignment agreements, effective as of July 23, 2021. On October 5, 2021, our sponsor assigned 40,000 shares to our new Chief Executive
Officer and on April 6, 2022, our sponsor assigned 20,000 founder shares to our new Chief Financial Officer. On July 1, 2022, our sponsor
assigned 1,000 founder shares to Christine Cho upon her appointment to our Board of Directors. 

On
December 2, 2021, simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 802,500 placement
units at a purchase price of 10.00 per unit in a private placement for an aggregate purchase price
of 8,025,000 . There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to the founder
shares, placement shares or placement warrants, which will expire worthless if we do not consummate a business combination by the Termination
Date. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the trust account with
respect to the founder shares, placement shares, placement warrants or placement rights, which will expire worthless if we do not consummate
a business combination by the Termination Date. 

We
have agreed to pay Canna-Global LLC, our sponsor, a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

No
compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan,
will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors or any affiliate of our sponsor, officers or directors prior to, or in connection
with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction
that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our
behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee
will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will
determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

Prior
to the closing of our initial public offering, our sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses
of our initial public offering. This loan was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due the earlier of (i) December 31, 2021, or (ii) the
consummation of the Initial Public Offering. As of December 31, 2021, there was 154,288 outstanding under the Promissory Note. The Promissory
Note was fully repaid on January 21, 2022 out of the offering proceeds that had been allocated to the payment of offering expenses (other
than underwriting commissions). 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an
affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds on a non-interest
bearing basis as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we will repay such loaned amounts. In the event
that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to
repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans
may be convertible into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business
combination. The units would be identical to the placement units. Other than as described above, the terms of such loans by our
officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. On November 10,
2022, our sponsor agreed to loan us up to 160,000 (in addition to the 30,000 in loans that the sponsor had loaned us in April
2022) to be used for working capital expenses. This loan was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due the later of (i) December 31,
2022, or (ii) the consummation of the initial business combination. 

We
do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will
be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender
offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will
be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial
business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director
compensation. 

41 

The
holders of the founder shares, representative shares, placement units, and units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital
loans (and in each case holders of their component securities, as applicable) have (or will have) registration rights to require us to
register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on November 30, 2021. These
holders are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities for sale
under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders have piggy-back registration rights to include their securities in
other registration statements filed by us. 

We
have entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification
provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any
officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such
indemnification. We have purchased a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and
directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations
to indemnify our officers and directors. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that each
of Dr. Wian Stander, Subramaniam Thavaraj, Christine Cho and Kah Yong Tham is an independent director, as defined
in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only
independent directors are present. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to MaloneBailey,
LLP , for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and
services that are normally provided by MaloneBailey, LLP in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by MaloneBailey,
LLP for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, and other required filings with the SEC for
the period from April 12, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and for the year ended December 31, 2022, totaled 87,500 and 42,500, respectively. These amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees . Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest
services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We
did not pay MaloneBailey, LLP for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the period from April 12,
2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Tax
Fees. We did not pay MaloneBailey, LLP for tax planning and tax advice for the period from April 12, 2021 (inception) through December
31, 2021, and the year ended December 31, 2022. 

All
Other Fees. We did not pay MaloneBailey, LLP other fees for the period from April 12, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2021, and the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board
of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to
the completion of the audit). 

42 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 The
 following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

(1)
 Financial Statements 

Page(s) 

Report of MaloneBailey, LLP, Houston, TX (PCAOB ID 
 
 F-1 

Financial
 Statements: 

Balance Sheets 
 
 F-2 

Statements of Operations 
 
 F- 3 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 
 F- 4 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F- 5 

Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
 F- 6 

(2)
 Financial Statements Schedule 

All
financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required
information is presented in the financial statements and notes beginning on F-1 on this Report. 

(3)
Exhibits 

We
hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference
can be inspected on the SEC website at sec.report. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

43 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Canna-Global
Acquisition Corp 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Canna-Global Acquisition Corp (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, and the related statements of operations, shareholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the
period from April 12, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
the period from April 12, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Matter 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described
in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination within
a prescribed period of time and if not completed will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory
liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

www.malonebailey.com 

 We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March
31, 2023 

F- 1 

Canna-Global
Acquisition Corp 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Cash and Marketable Securities held in trust account 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 
 
 - 
 
 Working capital loan 
 
 - 
 
 Extension loan 
 
 - 
 
 Promissory note related party 
 - 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred underwriter commission 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption; shares (at per share at December 31, 2021 and per share at December 31, 2022) 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class A Common Stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption) 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock value 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 2 

Canna-Global
Acquisition Corp 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For
 the Year Ended December
 31, 2022 
 For
 the Period from April 12, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 

Formation
 and operating costs 

Franchise
 tax 

Loss
 from Operations 

Other
 Income 

Interest
 earned on marketable securities held in trust account 

Net
 Income (Loss) before income taxes 

Income
 tax expense 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 Income (Loss) 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding of Class A common stock 

Basic
 and diluted net income (loss) per common stock 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding of Class B common stock 

Basic
 and diluted net income (loss) per common stock 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

Canna-Global
Acquisition Corp 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Class A 
 Common Stock 
 Class B 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance December 31, 2021 

- 

Subsequent measurement of common stock subject to redemption 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Additional amount deposited into trust per common stock subject to possible redemption) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net Income (Loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2022 

- 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR THE PERIOD FROM INCEPTION THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class
 A Common
 Stock 
 Class
 B Common
 Stock 
 Additional Paid
 in 
 Accumulated 
 Total
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance
 April 12, 2021 (Inception) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance
 of Class B Common stock to Sponsor 
 - 
 - 

- 

Sale
 of Units in Initial Public Offering, net of offering costs 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Class
 A Common Stock subject to possible redemption 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Sale
 of Private Placement Units 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Representative
 shares 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deferred
 underwriting commission 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Re-classification 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Net
 Income (Loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 December 31, 2021 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

Canna-Global
Acquisition Corp 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND THE PERIOD FROM INCEPTION THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Year
 Ended December 31, 
 For
 the Period from April 12,2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash
 flows from operating activities: 

Net
 income (loss) 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest
 earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Related
 party costs 
 - 
 - 
 
 Prepaid
 expenses 

Account
 payable 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued
 expenses 

Franchise
 Tax payable 

Income
 tax payable 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Cash
 flows from investing activities: 

Interest
 withdraw from Trust Account 
 
 - 
 
 Investment
 of cash in Trust Account 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

Cash
 flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds
 from extension loan 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds
 from working capital loan 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds
 from sale of Units, net of IPO costs 
 - 

Proceeds
 from sale of private placement units 
 - 

Deferred
 offering costs 
 - 
 - 
 
 Proceeds
 from issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor 
 - 

Repayment of promissory note - related party 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from promissory note - related party 
 - 

Net
 cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net
 change in cash 

Cash
 at the beginning of the period 
 
 - 
 
 Cash
 at the end of the period 

Supplemental
 Disclosures of Noncash Financing Activities 

Deferred
 offering costs included in promissory note related party 
 - 

Deferred
 underwriting fee payable 
 - 

Initial
 Classification of Class A common stock subject to redemption 
 - 

Remeasurement
 of Class A common stock subject to redemption 
 
 - 
 
 Extension
 Funds attributable to common stock subject to redemption 
 
 - 
 
 Payment
 of redeemed shares 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

CANNA-GLOBAL
ACQUISITION CORP 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

. The Company was formed
for the purpose of acquiring, engaging in a share exchange, share reconstruction and amalgamation with, purchasing all or substantially
all of the assets of, entering into contractual arrangements with, or engaging in any other similar business combination with one or
more businesses or entities Business Combination ). While the Company may pursue a business combination target in any business
or industry, it intends to focus our search on industries that complement our management team s background and to capitalize on
the ability of our management team to identify and acquire a business focusing on the natural resources industry, specifically within
the oil and gas sectors where our management team has extensive experience. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations beyond its initial public offering and seeking an initial Business
Combination. All activity for the period from April 12, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation
and the Offering (as defined below). The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business
Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents
from the proceeds derived from the Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 

The
Company s sponsor is Canna-Global LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). The registration statement
for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on November 29, 2021. 

On
November 30, 2021, the Company held its Initial Public Offering of units (the Units and, with respect to the
Class A common stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds
of , which closed on December 2, 2022, incurring offering costs of , of which was for deferred underwriting
commissions (which amount includes deferred underwriting commissions attributable to the exercise of the underwriters election
of their over-allotment option, as described below) (see Note 6). The Company granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up
to an additional Units at the Initial Public Offering price to cover over-allotments. 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of the closing of the Offering, the Company consummated the private placement of an aggregate of units
(the Private Placement Units to Canna-Global LLC, the sponsor of the Company (the Sponsor ), at a price of
 per Private Placement Unit, generating total gross proceeds of (the Private Placement (see Note 4). 

Additionally,
on December 2, 2021, the Company consummated the closing of the sale of additional units at a price of per unit (the
 Units upon receiving notice of the underwriters election to fully exercise their overallotment option Overallotment
Units ), generating additional gross proceeds of and incurred additional offering costs of in underwriting
fees. per share Class A Common Stock ),
and one redeemable warrant of the Company Warrant ), with each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one
share of Class A Common Stock for per share, subject to adjustment , pursuant to the Company s registration statement on
Form S-1. 

CANNA-GLOBAL
ACQUISITION CORP 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Note
1 Description of Organization and Business Operations (Continued) 

Simultaneously
with the exercise of the overallotment, the Company consummated the Private Placement of an additional Private Placement Units
to the Sponsor generating gross proceeds of . 

A
total of , comprised of the proceeds from the Offering and the proceeds of private placements that each closed on December
2, 2021, net of the underwriting commissions, discounts, and offering expenses, was deposited in a trust account Trust Account which may be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company
that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the
Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account to the Company s
stockholders, as described below. 

We
incurred transaction costs in the IPO with the exercise of the overallotment totaling , consisting of of cash underwriting
fees, of deferred underwriting fees, funded to the trust account and of other costs related to the Initial
Public Offering. 

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering and full exercise of underwriter s over-allotment option, of cash was held
outside of the Trust Account available for working capital purposes. As of December 31, 2022, we have available to us of cash
on our balance sheet with a working capital deficit of . 

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating
a Business Combination. Nasdaq rules provide that the Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have
a fair market value equal to at least of the balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (less any deferred underwriting commissions
and taxes payable on interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of a definitive agreement to enter a Business Combination.

CANNA-GLOBAL
ACQUISITION CORP 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Note
1 Description of Organization and Business Operations (Continued) 

The
Company will provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting
called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. In connection with a proposed Business Combination, the
Company may seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to
redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against a Business Combination. The Company will proceed with a Business
Combination only if the Company has net tangible assets of at least either immediately prior to or upon such consummation
of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor
of the Business Combination. 

The
Company will have until May 2, 2023, subject to seven (7) one-month extensions to December 2, 2023 (the Termination Date to consummate a Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by the Termination Date, the Company
will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business
days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less
up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to
our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is
our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the Termination Date and, therefore, we do not intend
to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions
received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

Our
Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than the independent public accounting
firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter
of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to
below the lesser of (i) per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date
of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less
taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed
a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply
to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether
our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities
of our Company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or
directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

In
connection with the voting on the Extension Amendment Proposal at the Special Meeting, holders of shares of Class A common
stock exercised their right to redeem those shares for cash at an approximate price of per share, for an aggregate of approximately
 . As of December 31, 2022, the Trust Account had a balance of . 

In
connection with approval of the Extension Amendment Proposal, the Company caused per outstanding share of the Company s
Class A common stock, giving effect to the redemptions disclosed above, or approximately for the remaining Class
A common stock to be deposited in the Trust Account in connection with the exercise of the first monthly extension of the Extended Date
on November 30, 2022 in advance of the December 2, 2022 due date. 

CANNA-GLOBAL
ACQUISITION CORP 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Note
1 Description of Organization and Business Operations (Continued) 

Liquidity
and Management s Plans 

Prior
to the completion of the Initial Public Offering, the Company lacked the liquidity it needed to sustain operations for a reasonable period
of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. The Company has since completed its Initial
Public Offering at which time capital in excess of the funds deposited in the Trust Account and/or used to fund offering expenses was
released to the Company for general working capital purposes. Accordingly, management has since re-evaluated the Company s liquidity
and financial condition and determined that sufficient capital exists to sustain operations through the earlier of the consummation of
a Business Combination or one year from this Report and therefore substantial doubt has been alleviated. There is no assurance that the
Company s plans to consummate an initial Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Going
Concern Consideration 

The
Company expects to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. In connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that if the Company
is unsuccessful in consummating an initial business combination within the prescribed period of time from the closing of the IPO, the
requirement that the Company cease all operations, redeem the public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve raises substantial
doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern. The balance sheet does not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty. Management has determined that the Company has funds that are sufficient to fund the working capital needs
of the Company until the consummation of an initial business combination or the winding up of the Company as stipulated in the Company s
second amended and restated memorandum of association, as amended. The accompanying financial statement has been prepared in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP ), which contemplate continuation of
the Company as a going concern. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Management
is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could
have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific
impact is not readily determinable as of the date of the financial statement. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

CANNA-GLOBAL
ACQUISITION CORP 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

in cash and cash equivalents as of December
31, 2022. The Company had in cash and cash equivalents
as of December 31, 2021. 

.
 At December 31, 2021, the balance in the Trust Account was . 

and thus accrued and recognized income tax expense
of . Significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 after
applying enacted corporate income tax rate, is net operating loss carryforward of and , and a valuation allowance of and
 , respectively, which the total deferred tax asset was in both 2022 and 2021. 

The
realization of deferred tax assets, including net operating loss carryforwards, is dependent on the generation of future taxable income
sufficient to realize the tax deductions, carryforwards, and credits. Valuation allowances on deferred tax assets are recognized if it
is determined that it is more likely than not that the asset will not be realized. 

CANNA-GLOBAL
ACQUISITION CORP 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

. However, the threshold
in its charter would not change the nature of the underlying shares as redeemable and thus public shares would be required to be disclosed
outside of permanent equity. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value
of redeemable common stock to equal the redemption value per share at December 31, 2021 and per share at December 31,
2022). Such changes are reflected in additional paid-in capital, or in the absence of additional capital, in accumulated deficit. 

. On December 31, 2022, the Company had not experienced
losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

Denominator: weighted average
 number of Class A common shares 

Basic and diluted net income
 (loss) per Class A common share 

Non-redeemable Class B
 common shares 

Numerator: net income (loss)
 allocable to non-redeemable Class B common stock 

Denominator: weighted average
 number of non-redeemable Class B common shares 

Basic and diluted net income
 (loss) per non-redeemable Class B common shares 

CANNA-GLOBAL
ACQUISITION CORP 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

CANNA-GLOBAL
ACQUISITION CORP 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Units at a purchase price of
 per Unit generating gross proceeds to the Company in the amount of . Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common
stock and one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). per whole share. 

units (the Private Placement Units to Canna-Global LLC (the Sponsor at a purchase
price of per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company in the amount of . 

A
portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Units was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust
Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private
Placement Units held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable
law) and the Private Placement Units will be worthless. 

The
Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) will not be
transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of an Initial Business Combination, subject to certain exceptions. 

of the Company s Class B common stock (the Founder Shares in exchange
for . The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters 
over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that the number of Founder Shares will equal, on an as-converted basis, approximately
 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock after the Initial Public Offering. The Founder Shares are no
longer subject to forfeiture due to full exercise of the over-allotment by the underwriter. 

CANNA-GLOBAL
ACQUISITION CORP 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Note
5 Related Party Transactions (Continued) 

Promissory
Note Related Party 

On
April 12, 2021 the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which
the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of . The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the
earlier of (i) December 31, 2022 or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. Following the IPO of the Company on December
2, 2021, a total of under the promissory note was fully repaid on January 21, 2022. 

Related
Party Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain
of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working
Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes may be repaid upon completion of
a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of the notes may be converted upon completion
of a Business Combination into units at a price of per unit. Such units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. In
the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay
the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2021, there was nil drawn down from such Working Capital
Loans. As of December
31, 2022, there was drawn down from such Working Capital Loans. 

Sponsor
Funding of Trust Account 

In
order to fund the trust to the required level, the Sponsor has deposited into the trust account. 

Representative
Shares 

In
connection with the IPO, the Company issued the Representative shares upon full exercise of the Over-allotment Option (the Representative
Shares on December 2, 2021. The Representative has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such Representative Shares without
prior consent of the Company until the completion of the initial Business Combination. In addition, the Representative has agreed (i)
to waive its redemption rights (or right to participate in any tender offer) with respect to such shares in connection with the completion
of the initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to
such shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination by the Termination Date. 

The
Representative will not sell, transfer, assign, pledge or hypothecate the Representative Shares, or cause the Representative Shares to
be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition
of the Representative Shares by any person, for a period of 180 days (pursuant to Rule 5110(e)(1) of the Conduct Rules of FINRA) following
the Effective Date to anyone other than (i) the Representative or an underwriter or selected dealer in connection with the Offering,
or (ii) a bona fide officer or partner of the Representative or of any such underwriter or selected dealer. On and after the 181st day
following the Effective Date, transfers to others may be made subject to compliance with or exemptions from applicable securities laws. 

CANNA-GLOBAL
ACQUISITION CORP 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Note
5 Related Party Transactions (Continued) 

Administrative
Support Agreement 

Commencing
on the date the Units are first listed on the Nasdaq, the Company agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of per month for office space,
utilities and secretarial and administrative support for up to 18 months. Upon completion of the Initial Business Combination or the
Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. As of December 31, 2021, nil had been paid to the Sponsor under the Administrative
Support Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, had been paid to the
Sponsor under the Administrative Support Agreement. 

Consulting
Agreement 

On
March 15, 2022, the Company signed an agreement with Jonathan Combs, who is related to our CEO, for consulting service. The company has
agreed to pay him a total of per month for service. As of December 31, 2022, had been paid to him under the agreement. 

additional Units
to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. 

The
underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting discount of per Unit, or in the aggregate (or in the aggregate
if the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised in full), payable upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In
addition, the underwriters were entitled to a deferred fee of per Unit, or in the aggregate (or in the aggregate
if the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised in full). The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from
the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of
the underwriting agreement. 

On
December 2, 2021, the underwriters purchased an additional Option Units pursuant to the exercise of the over-allotment option.
The Option Units were sold at an offering price of per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of . 

CANNA-GLOBAL
ACQUISITION CORP 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share
with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s Board of Directors. As of December 31, 2021, there were shares
of preferred stock issued or outstanding. As of
December 31, 2022, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Class
A Common Stock Our Certificate of Incorporation will authorize the Company to issue shares of Class A
common stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2021, there were shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding
(excluding shares subject to possible redemption). As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of Class
A common stock issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption). 

Class
B Common stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par value of 
per share. Holders of the Company s Class B common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. As of December 31, 2021 there were shares of Class B common
stock issued and outstanding, such that the Initial Stockholders will maintain ownership of at least of the issued and outstanding
shares after the Proposed Public Offering. As of December 31, 2022 there
were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding, such that the Initial Stockholders will maintain ownership of at
least of the issued and outstanding shares after the Proposed Public Offering. 

Only
holders of the Class B common stock will have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to the Business Combination. Holders
of Class A Common Stock and holders of Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of
our Stockholders except as otherwise required by law. In connection with our initial business combination, we may enter into a Stockholders
agreement or other arrangements with the Stockholders of the target or other investors to provide for voting or other corporate governance
arrangements that differ from those in effect upon completion of this offering. 

The
shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into Class A Common Stock at the time of a Business Combination, or earlier
at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional shares of Class A Common Stock,
or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in the Initial Public Offering and related to
the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A Common
Stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment
with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of the total number of all
shares of Class A common stock outstanding upon the completion of Initial Public Offering plus all shares of Class A Common Stock and
equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (net of the number of shares of Class A Common
Stock redeemed in connection with a Business Combination), excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued or issuable to any
seller of an interest in the target to us in a Business Combination. 

Warrants
 Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later
of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The
Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The
Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class
A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A
Common Stock is available, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from
registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue
any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified
under the securities laws of the state of residence of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. 

CANNA-GLOBAL
ACQUISITION CORP 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Note
7 Stockholders Equity (Continued) 

The
Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of a Business Combination,
the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file, and within 60 business days following a Business Combination to have
declared effective, a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the
warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A Common Stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed.
Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A Common Stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities
exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the
Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis 
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to
file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares
under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Redemption
of Warrants when the Price per Share of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds Once the warrants become exercisable, the
Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of per Public Warrant; 

upon
 a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, or the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
 stock dividends, reorganization, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on
 the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to warrant holders. 

If
and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register
or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

If
the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, as described above, its management will have the option to require any holder that
wishes to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise
price and number of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including
in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except
as described below, the Public Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of Class A Common Stock at a price below its exercise price.
Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a
Business Combination by the Termination Date and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Public Warrants
will not receive any of such funds with respect to their Public Warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s
assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Public Warrants. Accordingly, the Public Warrants may expire worthless. 

The
Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the Initial Public Offering. 

per outstanding share of its Class A Common Stock or approximately for the remaining Class A common stock
to be paid to the Trust Account on each of January 2, January 27, February 27, and March 24, 2023, respectively, in advance of each monthly
due date. 

F- 17 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated as of November 29, 2021, between the Company and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC(4) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation(1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 First Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation(2) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws(1) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Form of Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation(3) 
 
 3.5 
 
 First Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation(5) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate(1) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate(1) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate(1) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated as of November 29, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company(4) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Registered Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of November 29, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company(4) 
 
 10.2 
 
 First Amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement(5) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration and Stockholder Rights Agreement, dated as of November 29, 2021, among the Company, Canna-Global LLC and certain directors of the Company(4) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 29, 2021, between the Company and Canna-Global LLC(4) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement(1) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Promissory Note, dated as of April 12, 2021, issued to Canna-Global LLC(1) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated July 13, 2021, between the Registrant and Canna-Global LLC(1) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of November 29, 2021, among the Company, Canna-Global LLC and each of the officers and directors of the Company(4) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated as of November 29, 2021, between the Company and Canna-Global LLC(4) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Stock Escrow Agreement among the Registrant, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Initial Stockholders(1) 
 
 14 
 
 Form of Code Ethics(1) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 

Filed
 herewith. 

(1)
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form S-1, filed with the SEC on August 9, 2021. 

(2)
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form S-1, filed with the SEC on September 23,
2021. 

(3)
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form S-1, filed with the SEC on October 12, 2021 

(4)
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021. 

(5)
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 1, 2022. 

44 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Canna-Global
 Acquisition Corp 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 J. Gerald Combs 

J.
 Gerald Combs 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 J. Gerald Combs 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 J.
 Gerald Combs 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Sharwin Sinnan 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Sharwin
 Sinnan 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Dr. Wian Stander 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Dr.
 Wian Stander 

/s/
 Subramaniam Thavaraj 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Subramaniam
 Thavaraj 

/s/
 Christine Cho 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Christine
 Cho 

/s/
 Kah Yong Tham 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Kah
 Yong Tham 

45 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 ex4-5.htm

Exhibit 4.5 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S
SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

As of
December 31, 2022, Canna-Global Acquisition Corp. we, our, us or the Company had the following three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ): (i) its units, consisting of one share of Class A common stock (as defined below), one redeemable warrant (as defined below),
with each whole warrant (as defined below) entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock (the units ),
(ii) its Class A common stock, 0.000001 par value per share Class A common stock ), and (iii) its public warrants, with
each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock for 11.50 per share (the warrants ). 

Pursuant
to our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, our authorized capital stock consists of 222,000,000 shares
of common stock, including 200,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, 0.000001 par value and 20,000,000 shares of Class B common stock,
 0.000001 par value, and 2,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, 0.000001 par value. The following description summarizes the
material terms of our capital stock and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference
to, our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, our bylaws and our warrant agreement, each of which is incorporated
by reference as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of which
this Exhibit 4.5 is a part. 

Defined
terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Report. 

Units 

Each
consists of one share of Class A common stock and one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share
of common stock. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise his, her or its warrants only for a whole number of
shares of common stock. 

Class A Common Stock 

Common
stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of the Class
A common stock and holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our
stockholders, except as required by law. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that
the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled
to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

We will
provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business
combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business
days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and
not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described
herein. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive
their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and placement shares and any public shares held by them in connection with
the completion of our initial business combination. 

If we
seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, will provide
that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in
concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with
respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares of common stock sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess
Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for
or against our initial business combination. Our stockholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence
over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment
if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect
to the Excess Shares if we complete the initial business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number
of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their stock in open market transactions, potentially
at a loss. 

In the
event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after an initial business combination, our stockholders are entitled
to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for
each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights.
There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, upon
the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described in the Report. 

Redeemable Warrants 

Each
whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject
to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of December 2, 2022 and 30 days after the completion of our initial
business combination. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares
of Class A common stock. 

The
warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. 

We will
not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle
such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying
the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below
with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock upon
exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt
under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the
two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise
such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant.
In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant
will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying such unit. 

We have
agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination,
we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise
of the warrants, to cause such registration statement to become effective and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares
of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement
covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60 th business day
after the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement
and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration
statement covering the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within a specified period following
the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement
and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis
pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, provided that
such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants
on a cashless basis. 

Once
the warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption given after the warrants become exercisable (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing once the warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

If and
when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise
of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such
registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue sky laws
of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in our initial public offering. 

If we
call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise
its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a
 cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding
and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise
of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering
their warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number
of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and
the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose
shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior
to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the
notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Class A common stock to be received upon
exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will
reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an
attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination. If we call
our warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this option, our sponsor and its permitted transferees would
still be entitled to exercise their placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other
warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis,
as described in more detail below. 

A holder
of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to
exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates),
to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may
specify) of the shares of Class A common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

The
warrants have certain anti-dilution and adjustment rights upon certain events. 

The
warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental, as warrant agent, and us. You should review
a copy of the warrant agreement, which has been filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement for a complete description of the terms
and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent
of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description
of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement, or defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a
majority of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of
public warrants. 

In addition,
if (x) we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with
the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A common stock (with such
issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to
our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior
to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest
thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination
(net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to
the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption
trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly
Issued Price. 

The
warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent,
with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment
of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants
being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A common stock and any voting rights until
they exercise their warrants and receive shares of Class A common stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A common stock upon exercise
of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

No fractional
shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional
interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to
the warrant holder. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, J. Gerald Combs, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Canna-Global Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ J. Gerald Combs 

J. Gerald Combs 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Sharwin Sinnan, certify
that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Canna-Global Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Sharwin Sinnan 

Sharwin Sinnan 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection
with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Canna-Global Acquisition Corp (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, J. Gerald Combs, Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the report. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ J. Gerald Combs 

J. Gerald Combs 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection
with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Canna-Global Acquisition Corp (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Sharwin Sinnan, Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the report. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Sharwin Sinnan 

Sharwin Sinnan 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cngl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cngl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cngl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cngl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

