<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1868573_0001193125-23-088342.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4729615</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>524777</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>880492</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1206397</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1019138</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>981201</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-088342.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331171354
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-088342
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			APx Acquisition Corp. I
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001868573
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41125
		FILM NUMBER:		23789126

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UGLAND HOUSE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 309
		CITY:			GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-1104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1 345 949 8066

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UGLAND HOUSE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 309
		CITY:			GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-1104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-088342.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 d434145d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended 

 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from 
to 
. 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

, 
, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

 +52 ) 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class

Trading

 Symbol

Name of each exchange

 on which registered

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 
 No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the registrant had
 of its Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share, and of its Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share, issued and outstanding. 
 
 As of March 28, 2023, the Registrant had 

of its Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share, and 

of its Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share, issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 None 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND SUMMARY RISK FACTORS 

1 

PART I 

3 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

4 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

16 

ITEM IB. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

53 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

53 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

54 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

54 

PART II 

54 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

54 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

55 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

55 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

59 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

59 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

59 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

60 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

61 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

61 

PART III 

61 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

61 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

70 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS. 

70 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

73 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

75 

PART IV 

75 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

75 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

77 

SIGNATURES 

78 

FINANCIALS 

F-1 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND SUMMARY RISK FACTORS Some of the statements contained in this report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may include, for example, statements about: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from future pandemics and other geo-political events; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our financial performance. The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors in this Annual Report. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

Summary of Risk Factors Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted in the section titled Risk Factors, that represent challenges that we face in connection with the successful implementation of our strategy. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in the section titled Risk Factors, alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may adversely affect our ability to effect a business combination, and may have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Such risks include, but are not limited to: 

we are a newly formed company with no operating history and no revenues; 

our ability to continue as a going concern; 

we may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame; 

you will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances; 

negative interest rate for securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account; 

our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us; 

if third parties bring claims against us, the funds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share; 

subsequent to completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges; 

conflicts of interest of our sponsor, officers and directors; 

we may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business; 

our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination; 

the absence of a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete a business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree; 

we may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you; 

we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants; 

our competitors have advantages over us in seeking business combinations; 

we may be unable to obtain additional financing; 

if we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, we may be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate; 

our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares; 

we may issue additional equity and/or debt securities to complete our initial business combination; 

our sponsor controls a substantial interest in us; 

if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, who controls a substantial interest in us, has agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote; 
 2 

Table of Contents 

the ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure, and will increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful; 

possibility of losing the ability to redeem all shares equal to or in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules; 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange; 

we may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of the offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services; 

registration the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants sold as part of the units in the IPO may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise such warrants; 

shares being redeemed and warrants becoming worthless; 

events which may result in the per-share amount held in our trust account dropping below 10.20 per public share; 

our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor; 

if, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced; 

because we are not limited to a particular industry or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations; 

we may seek acquisition opportunities in companies that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise; 

impact of future pandemics and related risks; 

if we effect our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations; and 

changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, tax consequences to business combinations may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. 

In the past, we have identified material weaknesses related to errors in warrant liabilities, classification of temporary and permanent equity, and accuracy of completeness of accounts payable and accrued expenses, and if we are unable to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. PART I References in this report to we, us or the Company refer to APx Acquisition Corp. I. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to APx Cap Sponsor Group I, LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company. References to our initial shareholders refer to the holders of Founder Shares. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. Introduction We are a blank check company incorporated on May 13, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (the initial business combination ). We will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region in our identification and acquisition of a target company. The registration statement for our initial public offering IPO or the public offering was declared effective on December 6, 2021. On December 9, 2021, we consummated our IPO of 17,250,000 units (the Units ), including the issuance of 2,250,000 Units as a result of the underwriters exercise of their over-allotment option in full. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class A ordinary shares ), and one-half of one redeemable warrant of the Company (each whole warrant, a Warrant ), with each Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share for 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 172,500,000. On May 21, 2021, the Sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.006 per share, to cover certain offering costs in consideration for 4,312,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 (the Founder Shares ). On November 8, 2021, the Sponsor transferred 20,000 Founder Shares to each of Angel Losada Moreno and David Proman, two of the Company s independent directors, for an aggregate purchase price of 231.88 (the same per-share price initially paid by the Sponsor), resulting in the Sponsor holding 4,272,500 Founder Shares. As of December 31, 2022, the Sponsor held 4,272,500 Founder Shares. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, pursuant to the Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, the Company completed the private sale of 8,950,000 warrants (the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 8,950,000. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Warrants included as part of the Units sold in the IPO, except that the Private Placement Warrants, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants (i) will not be redeemable by us, (ii) may not (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, (iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) will be entitled to registration rights. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sale. The issuance of the Private Placement Warrants was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. A total of 175,950,000, comprised of 172,500,000 of the proceeds from the IPO (which amount includes 6,037,500 of the underwriters deferred discount) and 8,950,000 of the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account at Bank of America, National Association maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. On February 27, 2023 we held an extraordinary general meeting (the EGM and our shareholders approved an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated December 6, 2021 (the Investment Management Trust Agreement ), by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee, to change the payment required to extend the Combination Period (as defined below) by two three-month periods. In connection with such vote, the holders of 10,693,417 public shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares (and did not withdraw their request for redemption) for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 111,346,281.12. Following such redemptions, approximately 68,271,080.69 remained in the trust account and 6,556,583 public shares remained issued and outstanding. Such remaining amount in the trust account will be distributed either to (i) all holders of public shares upon our liquidation or (ii) holders of public shares who elect to have their shares redeemed in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

On February 28, 2023, we issued an unsecured promissory note (the Promissory Note in an amount of 875,000 in order to economically facilitate our ability to effect the Extension (as defined below). The Promissory Note is payable in full on the earlier of (a) our consummation of an initial business combination (as defined in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as it may be amended from time to time) and (b) December 31, 2023 (the earlier of such dates, the Due Date ). On the Due Date, the Company shall (i) pay to the Payee (as defined in the Promissory Note) the outstanding principal amount of the Promissory Note in immediately available funds (the Principal Balance and (ii) deliver to the Payee, as interest-in-kind, a number of newly issued Warrants equal to the Principal Balance divided by (y) 1.00, rounded up to the nearest whole number of warrants. The terms of the Warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants we issued in connection with our IPO. The Payee shall be entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the Warrants and the shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. On March 1, 2023, we deposited 750,000 into the trust account in order to effect the extension of the termination date, from March 9, 2023 to June 9, 2023 (the Extension ), and may deposit an additional 750,000 into the trust account for a subsequent extension, from June 9, 2023 to September 9, 2023, that we may need to complete an initial business combination. Except with respect to interest earned on the remaining funds held in the trust account after the redemption, that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses, the funds held in the trust account will not be released from the trust account until the earliest of (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not completed our initial business combination by June 9, 2023 (18 months from the closing of the IPO), or by September 9, 2023 (21 months from the closing of the IPO) if we further extend the period of time by an additional three months from June 9, 2023, to consummate our initial business combination and in accordance with the terms described in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as amended (the Combination Period ), or (iii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as amended (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity. Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO, the sale of Private Placement Warrants and any future sales of additional notes or debt securities, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating an initial business combination. There is no assurance that we will be able to complete an initial business combination successfully. We must complete one or more initial business combinations having an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. However, we will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest income to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination General We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following the IPO. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using remaining cash in the trust account from the proceeds of the IPO and the private placement of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of the IPO or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may use the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account following the closing for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with us. While we may pursue an initial business combination target in any industry, we intend to focus our search on companies in a Spanish-speaking Latin American country SSLA or companies outside a SSLA that provide goods and services to Spanish speaking markets. Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors in the IPO to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business. We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. In addition, we intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, and, as a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the trust account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemptions by public shareholders, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek shareholder approval of such financing. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following consummation of the IPO. We are not currently a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. None of our sponsor, officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. Sources of Target Businesses We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and private investment funds. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also 
 6 

Table of Contents 

introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read the IPO prospectus and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates of which they become aware through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the track record and business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of a finder s fee is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation by the company prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). In addition, commencing on the date of the IPO prospectus, we will pay our sponsor or an affiliate thereof up to 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of our management team and other expenses and obligations of our sponsor. Any such payments prior to our initial business combination will be made from funds held outside the trust account. Other than the foregoing, there will be no finder s fees, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, or from completing the business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm, that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as applicable, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following our initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons. Under Nasdaq s listing rules, shareholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

We issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of our shares of our ordinary shares then outstanding (other than in a public offering); 

Any of our directors, officers or substantial shareholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest earned on the trust account (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

The issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities At any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into transactions with institutional or other investors to provide them with incentives to vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

The purpose of any such transaction would be to (i) increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (ii) incentivize voting such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (iii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein. The amount in the trust account is currently approximately 10.31 per public share, and such amount may increase further by 0.11 per public share in the event we decide to extend the Combination Period by an additional three-month period, as described herein. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Limitations on Redemptions Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as amended, provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into following consummation of the IPO, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements. Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) without a shareholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would require shareholder approval. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq s shareholder approval rules. The requirement that we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above will be contained in provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will apply whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on Nasdaq. Such provisions may be amended if approved by holders of two-thirds of our ordinary shares entitled to vote thereon, so long as we offer redemption in connection with such amendment. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

If we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with a general meeting, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law. A quorum for such meeting will be present if the holders of a majority of issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at the meeting are represented in person or by proxy. Our sponsor, officers and directors will count toward this quorum and, pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares purchased during or after the IPO (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. On February 27, 2023, we held the extraordinary general meeting seeking shareholder approval to change the payment required to extend the Combination Period by two three-month periods and, in connection with such vote, the holders of 10,693,417 public shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares (and did not withdraw their request for redemption) for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.41 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 111,346,281.12. Following such redemptions, approximately 68,271,080.69 remained in the trust account and 6,556,583 public shares remained issued and outstanding. Accordingly, we expect that at the time of any shareholder vote relating to our initial business combination, our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees will own at least 39.7 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares entitled to vote thereon. For purposes of seeking approval of an ordinary resolution, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 1,122,043, or 6.5 , of the 17,250,000 public shares sold in the IPO, or 17 of the total 6,556,583 public shares remained issued and outstanding after the redemption, to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted). These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreement of our sponsor, officers and directors, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a public shareholder on the record date for the general meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. If a shareholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our Class A ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. We intend to require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. We believe that this will allow our transfer agent to efficiently process any redemptions without the need for further communication or action from the redeeming public shareholders, which could delay redemptions and result in additional administrative cost. If the proposed initial business combination is not approved and we continue to search for a target company, we will promptly return any certificates or shares delivered by public shareholders who elected to redeem their shares. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into following consummation of the IPO, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements. Limitation on Redemption Upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as amended, provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to Excess Shares without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in the IPO, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Delivering Share Certificates in Connection with the Exercise of Redemption Rights As described above, consistent with past redemptions, we intend to require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their future redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the initial business combination if we distribute proxy materials, or from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, as applicable, to submit or tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC system. The transfer agent will typically charge the broker submitting or tendering shares a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to submit or tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until the expiration of the Combination Period. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as amended, provide that we will have until the expiration of the Combination Period to complete our initial business combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares then outstanding, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest income to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted time period. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period. However, if our sponsor or management team acquire public shares in or after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted time period. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the 413,206 of proceeds held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay income taxes on interest income earned on the trust account balance, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account after taking into account the additional deposit of 750,000 in connection with extension of the Combination Period, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.31. The funds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be substantially less than 10.31. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us and will only enter into an agreement with such third-party if management believes that such third party s engagement would be in the best interests of the company under the circumstances. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of the IPO will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will 
 13 

Table of Contents 

agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.31 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.31 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.31 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the funds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.31 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.31 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.31 per share. We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. As of December 31, 2022, 413,206 will be available to us outside the trust account from the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement Warrants, with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. In the event that our offering expenses and other operating expenses exceed our estimate of 1,400,000, we may fund such excess with funds from the funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses and other operating expenses are less than our estimate of 1,400,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount. If we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the funds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.31 per share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or 
 14 

Table of Contents 

insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of our initial business combination. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other special purpose acquisition companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess similar or greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our issued and outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Facilities We currently maintain our executive offices at Juan Salvador Agraz 65, Contadero, Cuajimalpa de Morelos, 05370, Mexico City, Mexico. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we will pay to our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Employees We currently have two executive officers: Daniel Braatz and Xavier Martinez. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Available Information We are required to file Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis, and are required to disclose certain material events (e.g., changes in corporate control, acquisitions or dispositions of a significant amount of assets other than in the ordinary course of business and bankruptcy) in a Current Report on Form 8-K. The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s Internet website is located at http://www.sec.gov. In addition, the Company will provide copies of these documents without charge upon request from us in writing at Juan Salvador Agraz 65, Contadero, Cuajimalpa de Morelos, 05370, Mexico City, Mexico or by telephone at +52 (55) 4744 1100. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the IPO prospectus associated with our public offering and the Registration Statement, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Relating to Our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder shares will participate in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. In such case, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Even if we seek shareholder approval, the holders of our founder shares will participate in the vote on such approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. Please see Item 1 Business Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination for additional information. Your only opportunity to effect your investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial business combination. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder vote. Accordingly, your only opportunity to effect your investment decision regarding our initial business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination within the required time period. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess similar or greater technical, human and other resources to ours or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This 
 16 

Table of Contents 

inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. In addition, as our strategy is to focus on business combination targets in Latin America, where there is a more limited pool of targets, we may be unable to find a suitable business combination target. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination within the required time period. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination, or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination or less than such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption of our public shares and the related business combination, and we may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision of the Class B ordinary shares results in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with your exercise of redemption rights until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our business combination deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. Our search for a business combination, and any partner business with which we ultimately complete a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by future pandemics, the lingering effects of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical conflicts and the status of debt and equity markets. Our search for and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected by the impact of future global pandemics, the lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical conflicts. The extent to which these factors impact our search for a business combination will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning these factors. The potential rise of new pandemics and geopolitical conflicts, as well as the challenges associated with certain restrictions in certain countries, particularly in Latin America, may lead to other restrictions being implemented in response to efforts to reduce the outbreak accordingly. We may be unable to complete a business combination if these concerns resume and continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the partner business s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and complete a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which current and future pandemics impact our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of and the actions to contain such disease or treat its impact, among others. Similarly, geopolitical conflicts are expected to have further global economic consequences, including disruptions of the global supply chain, labor shortages and inflationary pressures. If the disruptions posed by these factors or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to complete a business combination, or the operations of a partner business with which we ultimately complete a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to complete a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by the state of future pandemics and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Finally, the potential outbreak of future pandemics and geopolitical conflicts may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities and cross-border transactions. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders may receive only 10.31 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein, including as a result of terrorist attacks, social unrest, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of infectious diseases. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in widespread unemployment, economic slowdown, which turned by inflation once certain restrictions were lifted, and extreme volatility globally and, while the extent of the impact of potential future pandemics on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, future pandemics and other events (such as terrorist attacks, social unrest, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest income to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. In such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.31 per share, or less than 10.31 per share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the funds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.31 per share and other risk factors herein. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such time frame before redemption from our trust account. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the Combination Period, the funds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest income to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind-up or liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond the Combination Period before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the funds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless we consummate our initial business combination prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Our initial shareholders own 39.7 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Our initial shareholders and management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as amended, provide that if we seek shareholder approval of an initial business combination, such initial business combination will be approved if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, including the founder shares. As a result, in 
 19 

Table of Contents 

addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, 1,122,043, or 6.5 , of the 17,250,000 public shares sold in the IPO, or 17 of the total 6,556,583 public shares remained issued and outstanding after the redemption, to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted). Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our initial shareholders and management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive an ordinary resolution, being the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for submitting or tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or submit public shares for redemption. For example, we intend to require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent, or to deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. See Item 1 Business Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Delivering Share Certificates in Connection with the Exercise of Redemption Rights. We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. We have not selected any specific business combination target but intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants. As a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the trust account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemption by public shareholders, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. Further, we may be required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial business combination for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, or to fund the purchase of other companies. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines, including geographic area, for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders (which may be 10.20 per share or less in certain circumstances), and our warrants will expire worthless. We may seek business combination opportunities in industries or sectors that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. We may consider a business combination outside of our management s areas of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive business combination opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in the IPO than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue a business combination outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in the IPO prospectus regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to ascertain or assess adequately all of the relevant risk factors. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Resources could be wasted in researching business combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys, consultants and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. We may seek acquisition opportunities with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a demonstrated business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. Moreover, in pursuing our business combination strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable (if at all) as we believed at the time of signing an agreement to acquire such private company or that fails to meet the projections upon which our valuation may be based. The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. Since our sponsor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may acquire during or after the IPO), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. On May 21, 2021, we issued to our sponsor an aggregate of 4,312,500 founder shares in exchange for a capital contribution of 25,000, or approximately 0.006 per share. The purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The number of founder shares outstanding was determined based on the expectation that the total size of the IPO would be a maximum of 17,250,000 units if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full, and therefore that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares after the IPO. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor has purchased an aggregate of 8,950,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, or 8,950,000 in the aggregate, in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of the IPO. The private placement warrants will also be worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the Combination Period nears its end, which is the deadline for our completion of an initial business combination. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

The nominal purchase price paid by our sponsor for the founder shares may significantly dilute the implied value of your public shares in the event we consummate an initial business combination, and our sponsor is likely to make a substantial profit on its investment in us in the event we consummate an initial business combination, even if the business combination causes the trading price of our ordinary shares to decline materially. While we offered our units at an offering price of 10.00 per unit and the amount in the trust account is anticipated to be 10.31 per public share, implying an initial value of 10.31 per public share, our sponsor paid only a nominal aggregate purchase price of 25,000 for the founder shares, or approximately 0.006 per share. As a result, the value of your public shares may be significantly diluted in the event we consummate an initial business combination. Our sponsor invested an aggregate of 8,975,000 in us in connection with the IPO, comprised of the 25,000 purchase price for the founder shares and the 8,950,000 purchase price for the private placement warrants. As a result, even if the trading price of our ordinary shares significantly declines, our sponsor will stand to make significant profit on its investment in us. In addition, our sponsor could potentially recoup its entire investment in us even if the trading price of our ordinary shares is less than 1.00 per share and even if the private placement warrants are worthless. As a result, our sponsor is likely to make a substantial profit on its investment in us even if we select and consummate an initial business combination that causes the trading price of our ordinary shares to decline, while our public shareholders who purchased their units in the IPO could lose significant value in their public shares. Our sponsor may therefore be economically incentivized to consummate an initial business combination with a riskier, weaker performing or less established target business than would be the case if our sponsor had paid the same per share price for the founder shares as our public shareholders paid for their public shares. Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that the proxy statement with respect to the vote on an initial business combination include historical and pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board IFRS depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We may experience a shortage of working capital as the net proceeds generated from the IPO and the sale of private placement warrants not held in the trust account may not be sufficient to sustain our operations for the duration of the Combination Period. This may result in limitations to the amount of funds available for our businesses search and the completion of our initial business combination. Consequently, we will need to rely on loans from our sponsor, management team, their affiliates or third parties to finance our search and finalization of the initial business combination, if any. Of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, only 413,206 in cash were available to us as of December 31, 2022 outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that the current funds available to us outside of the trust account will not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the duration of the Combination Period. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

As our offering expenses and other operating expenses exceeded our estimate of 1,400,000, we may continue to fund such excess with additional loans to increase the funds available for our operation outside the trust account. The amount held in the trust account will not be impacted as a result of such additional expected loans that we may incur. As we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team, their affiliates or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. For example, on February 28, 2023, we issued an unsecured promissory note in the amount of 875,000 to finance the extension of the Combination Period. However, neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates or third parties is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of certain loans may be convertible into private placement warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. In addition, we may need to engage in private negotiations with third parties, our sponsor, management, or its affiliates to secure loans that may not be in our favor in order to complete our initial business combination. Third parties may not be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.31 per share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present within a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining debt financing to partially finance the initial business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, any shareholders or warrant holders who choose to remain shareholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. If third parties bring claims against us, the funds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.31 per share. Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will consider 
 24 

Table of Contents 

whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us and will only enter into an agreement with such third party if management believes that such third party s engagement would be in the best interests of the company under the circumstances. Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of the IPO will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not completed our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.31 per public share held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement the form of which is filed as an exhibit hereto, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.31 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.31 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.31 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. In the event that the funds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.31 per share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.31 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.31 per share. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

The securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.31 per share. The proceeds held in the trust account are invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we do not to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income earned thereon (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest income to pay dissolution expenses). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.31 per share. In this regard please see also Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks If we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may be forced to abandon our efforts to complete a business combination and instead be required to liquidate the Company. To mitigate the risk of that result, we may decide to instruct the trustee, not before on or about the 18-month anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement relating to the IPO, to liquidate the securities held in the trust account and instead hold all funds in the trust account in cash. As a result, following such change (if made), we will likely receive minimal, if any, interest, on the funds held in the trust account, which would reduce the dollar amount that our public shareholders would have otherwise received upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company if the assets in the trust account had remained in U.S. government securities or money market funds. If, after we distribute the funds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the funds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the funds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the funds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the funds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable to a fine of approximately 18,000 and to imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. We may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our shareholders to appoint directors. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are required to hold an annual general meeting no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first general meeting) serving a three-year term. In addition, as holders of our Class A ordinary shares, our public shareholders will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors until after the consummation of our initial business combination. Moreover, in respect of any vote or votes to continue the company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including, but not limited to, the approval of the organizational documents of the company in such other jurisdiction), which requires the approval of at least two-thirds of the votes of all ordinary shares, holders of our founder shares will have ten votes for every founder share and holders of our Class A ordinary shares will have one vote for every Class A ordinary share. Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. Although we expect to invest in a company in a SSLA or company outside of a SSLA that provides goods and services to Spanish speaking markets, our efforts to identify a prospective initial business combination target will not be limited to a particular industry, sector or geographic region. While we may pursue an initial business combination opportunity in any industry or sector, we intend to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify and acquire a business or businesses that can benefit from our management team s established global relationships and operating experience. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prohibit us from effectuating a business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from a valuation or appraisal firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity or our board of directors cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses (including with the assistance of financial advisors), we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or from a valuation or appraisal firm that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. Unlike some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our initial shareholders will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue certain shares to consummate an initial business combination. The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, 20 of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans; provided that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. We issued and may issue additional notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. On February 28, 2023, we issued an unsecured promissory note (the Promissory Note in an amount of 875,000 in order to economically facilitate our ability to extend the Combination Period. The Promissory Note is payable in full on the earlier of (a) our consummation of an initial business combination (as defined in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as it may be amended from time to time) and (b) December 31, 2023. We may choose to issue additional notes or other debt securities and incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 
 28 

Table of Contents 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. We may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price which is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time. In connection with our initial business combination, we may issue shares to investors in private placement transactions (so-called PIPE transactions) at a price of 10.00 per share or which approximates the per-share amounts in our trust account at such time, which is generally approximately 10.00. The purpose of such issuances will be to enable us to provide sufficient liquidity to the post-business combination entity. The price of the shares we issue may therefore be less, and potentially significantly less, than the market price for our shares at such time. We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. The net proceeds from the IPO, the private placement of warrants and the additional amounts we deposited in the trust account, after giving effect to the redemption of 111,346,281.12 provide us with 68,271,080.69 that we may use to complete our initial business combination. We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target or issue a substantial number of new shares to third-parties in connection with financing our initial business combination. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as amended, provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. Certain agreements related to the IPO may be amended without shareholder approval. Each of the agreements related to the IPO to which we are a party, other than the warrant agreement (except for provisions of the warrant agreement enabling amendments without shareholder or warrant holder approval that are necessary in the good faith determination of our board of directors (taking into account then existing market precedents) to allow for the warrants to be classified as equity in our financial statements (provided that any modifications or amendments that would increase the warrant price or shorten the exercise period shall require the approval of the warrant holders in accordance with the warrant agreement)) and the investment management trust agreement, may be amended without shareholder approval. Such agreements are: the underwriting agreement; the letter agreement among us and our initial shareholders, sponsor, officers and directors; the registration rights agreement among us and our initial shareholders; the private placement warrants purchase agreement between us and our sponsor; and the administrative services agreement among us, our sponsor and an affiliate of our sponsor. These agreements contain various provisions that our public shareholders might deem to be material. For example, our letter agreement and the underwriting agreement contain certain lock-up provisions with respect to the founder shares, private placement warrants and other securities held by our initial shareholders, sponsor, officers and directors. Amendments to such agreements would require the consent of the applicable parties thereto and would need to be approved by our board of directors, which may do so for a variety of reasons, including to facilitate our initial business combination. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement. Any amendment entered into in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to such initial business combination, and any other material amendment to any of our material agreements will be disclosed in a filing with the SEC. Any such amendments would not require approval from our shareholders, may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. For example, amendments to the lock-up provision discussed above may result in our initial shareholders selling their securities earlier than they would otherwise be permitted, which may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. Our initial shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Our initial shareholders own 39.7 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our initial shareholders purchase any units in the IPO or if our initial shareholders purchase any additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Neither our initial shareholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this Form 10-K. Factors that would be considered in making such 
 31 

Table of Contents 

additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were appointed by our sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term for three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for appointment and our initial shareholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies preparing for an initial public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, the COVID-19 pandemic and government measures taken to curb the spread of the virus or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. Risks Relating to Our Sponsor and Management Team We are dependent upon our officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have key-man insurance on the life of any of our officers or directors. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our officers and directors could have a detrimental effect on us. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. Our officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent director nominees also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our officers and directors other business affairs, please see Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest. Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Following the completion of the IPO and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. In addition, our amended and restated articles of association will contain provisions to exculpate and indemnify, to the maximum extent permitted by law, such persons in respect of any liability, obligation or duty to our company that may arise as a consequence of such persons becoming aware of any business opportunity or failing to present such business opportunity. In addition, our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to identify and pursue business combination opportunities or to complete our initial business combination. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

For a complete discussion of our officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest. Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or officers or funds managed by certain of our affiliates, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, and the directors fail to act in accordance with their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law, we may have a claim against such individuals. See Description of Securities Certain Differences in Corporate Law Shareholder Suits for further information on the ability to bring such claims. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors, existing holders or funds managed by certain of our affiliates which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors, existing holders or funds managed by certain of our affiliates. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth in Proposed Business Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors, existing holders or funds managed by certain of our affiliates, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Certain members of our board of directors and management team may be involved in and have a greater financial interest in the performance of other entities affiliated with our sponsor, and such activities may create conflicts of interest in making decisions on our behalf. Certain of our directors and members of our management team may be subject to a variety of conflicts of interest relating to their responsibilities to our sponsor and its other affiliates. Such individuals may serve as members of management or a board of directors (or in similar such capacity) to various other affiliated entities. Such positions may create a conflict between the advice and investment opportunities provided to such entities and the responsibilities owed to us. The other entities in which such individuals may become involved may have investment objectives that overlap with ours. Furthermore, certain of our principals and employees may have a greater financial interest in the performance of such other affiliated entities than our performance. Such involvement may create conflicts of interest in sourcing investment opportunities on our behalf and on behalf of such other entities. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to Our Securities You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not completed an initial business combination within the Combination Period, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the funds held in the trust account. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants have been approved for trading on Nasdaq under the symbols APXIU, APXI and APXIW, respectively. Although we expect to meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial listing standards set forth in the Nasdaq listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in shareholders equity (generally 2,500,000), a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders) and maintain a minimum market value (generally 50 million). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and our shareholder s equity would generally be required to be at least 5.0 million. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because we expect that our units and eventually our Class A ordinary shares and warrants will be listed on Nasdaq, our units, Class A 
 35 

Table of Contents 

ordinary shares and warrants will qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. A future potential business combination may be subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations, including regulations relating to the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, which may, among other things, impose conditions on, delay or prevent the consummation of such future potential business combination, if any. We are currently not aware of any material regulatory approvals, clearances or actions that would be required for completion of a future potential business combination. However, if any such approvals, clearances or actions were required, there can be no assurance that any such approval or clearance would be obtained, or any such action taken, within the required time period. This includes any potential review of a future business combination, if any, by a U.S. government entity, such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS on account of certain restrictions on the acquisition of, or an investment in, a U.S. business by non-U.S. investors. If a potential business combination falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction to review the transaction in order to determine the effect of such transactions on the national security of the U.S., we may be required to make a mandatory filing or we may determine to submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or we may determine to proceed with such potential business combination without notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing such potential business combination. CFIUS can contact parties to transactions within its jurisdiction that did not notify CFIUS and request that the parties submit a CFIUS notice and can self-initiate national security reviews. If a potential business combination falls within the scope of foreign ownership restrictions, CFIUS may impose conditions or limitations on such potential business combination or we may be prevented from, or be unable to, consummate such potential business combination, if any. Whether CFIUS has jurisdiction to review an acquisition or investment transaction depends on, among other factors, (i) whether the investor/acquiror of the U.S. business is a foreign person or foreign entity, (ii) the nature and structure of the transaction, (iii) the level of beneficial ownership interest, and (iv) the nature of any information or governance rights involved. Some transactions within the jurisdiction of CFIUS trigger a mandatory CFIUS filing requirement. Otherwise, notifying CFIUS of a transaction within its jurisdiction is voluntary. For example, investments that result in control of a U.S. business by a foreign person (in each case, as such terms are defined in 31 C.F.R. Part 800) are always subject to CFIUS jurisdiction. The Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018, which was fully implemented through regulations that became effective in 2020, significantly expanded the scope of CFIUS s jurisdiction to investments that do not result in control of a U.S. business by a foreign person, but afford certain foreign investors certain information or governance rights in a U.S. business that has a nexus to critical technologies, covered investment critical infrastructure, and/or sensitive personal data (in each case, as such terms are defined in 31 C.F.R. Part 800). Our Sponsor and APx Cap Holdings I, LLC Holdings are controlled by, and have substantial ties with, non-U.S. persons. Our Sponsor is a limited liability company formed and registered under the laws of the Cayman Islands and the sole manager of the Sponsor is Holdings, a limited liability company formed and registered under the laws of the Cayman Islands, which has substantial ties to non-U.S. persons. While we and our Sponsor, are controlled by, and have substantial ties with non-U.S. persons, we believe that it is unlikely that any of the facts or relationships with respect to a potential future business combination that we may pursue, would subject such potential business combination to regulatory review by a U.S. government entity or authority, including review by CFIUS. Nor do we believe that a potential future business combination would ultimately be prohibited if such review was conceivable. However, there can be no assurances that CFIUS or another U.S. governmental agency will not take a different view of a potential business combination or will not choose to review such potential business combination, if any. If a potential business combination falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may be required to make a mandatory filing or determine to submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with such potential business combination without 
 36 

Table of Contents 

notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after the consummation of such potential business combination. In addition, for so long as the Sponsor retains a material ownership interest in the Company, the Company may be deemed a foreign person under the regulations relating to CFIUS and any potential initial business combination with a U.S. business or foreign business with U.S. subsidiaries that the Company may wish to pursue may be subject to CFIUS review. In connection with a potential business combination, CFIUS could, among other things, (i) decide to block or delay such potential business combination, (ii) impose conditions, limitations or restrictions with respect to such potential business combination (including, but not limited to, limits on information sharing with investors, requiring a voting trust, governance modifications, or forced divestiture, among other things), or (iii) request the President of the United States to order the Company to divest all or a portion of any U.S. target business of such potential business combination that the Company acquired without first obtaining CFIUS clearance. In addition, CFIUS may impose penalties if CFIUS believes that the mandatory notification requirement applied to such potential business combination. The risk of review by CFIUS may force our management to limit the pool of potential target companies to companies that our management believes are not subject to CFIUS s jurisdiction, in which case the Company s ability to find a target may be limited. In this regard please also see Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination within the required time period. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. The process of government review, whether by CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy. If we are unable to consummate a potential business combination within 18 months from December 9, 2021 (i.e., June 9, 2023) (or within 21 months (i.e., September 9, 2023) if we further extend the Combination Period by an additional three-months in accordance with the terms described in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as amended), we would, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares then outstanding, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law. In such event, the Company s shareholders would miss the opportunity to benefit from an investment in any other target company in an initial business combination and the appreciation in value of such investments. Additionally, the Company s warrants would expire worthless. In addition, CFIUS could choose to review past or proposed transactions involving new or existing foreign investors in the Company or in the Sponsor, even if a filing with CFIUS is or was not required at the time of the potential business combination. Any review and clearance of an investment or transaction by CFIUS may have outsized impacts on transaction certainty, timing, feasibility, and cost, among other things. CFIUS policies and agency practices are rapidly evolving, and, in the event that CFIUS reviews a potential business combination or one or more proposed or existing investments by investors, there can be no assurances that such investors will be able to maintain, or proceed with, such investments on terms acceptable to the parties to such potential business combination or such investors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors prior to our initial business combination. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to appointment directors in any general meeting. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the completion of an initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. As a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of the forum provisions of our warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

If we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may be forced to abandon our efforts to complete a business combination and instead be required to liquidate the Company. To mitigate the risk of that result, we may decide to instruct the trustee, not before on or about the 18-month anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement relating to the IPO, to liquidate the securities held in the trust account and instead hold all funds in the trust account in cash. As a result, following such change (if made), we will likely receive minimal, if any, interest, on the funds held in the trust account, which would reduce the dollar amount that our public shareholders would have otherwise received upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company if the assets in the trust account had remained in U.S. government securities or money market funds. On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules (the SPAC Rule Proposals ), relating, among other things, to circumstances in which SPACs such as us could potentially be subject to the Investment Company Act and the regulations thereunder. The SPAC Rule Proposals would provide a safe harbor for such companies from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria. To comply with the duration limitation of the proposed safe harbor, a SPAC would have a limited time period to announce and complete a business combination transaction. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC Rule Proposals would require a company to file a report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company for a business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of the registration statement for its initial public offering. The company would then be required to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the date of the registration statement for its initial public offering. However, even prior to a 24-month anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement relating to the IPO, a company may be deemed to be an investment company. The longer that the funds in the trust account are held in short-term U.S. government securities or in money market funds invested exclusively in such securities, even prior to the 24-month anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement relating to the IPO, there is a greater risk that a company may be considered an unregistered investment company, in which case such company may be required to liquidate. There is currently uncertainty concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a special purpose acquisition company (a SPAC ), including a company like ours, which does not complete its initial business combination within the proposed time frame set forth in the proposed safe harbor rule. As indicated above, we have operated as a blank check company since the completion of our IPO, searching for a target business with which to consummate a business combination since such time. If we do file a report on Form 8-K announcing that we entered into an agreement with a target company for a business combination no later than 18 months from our IPO, it is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered investment company. If we were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we might be forced to abandon our efforts to complete a business combination and instead be required to liquidate the Company. If we are required to liquidate the Company, our investors would not be able to realize the benefits of owning shares in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our shares and warrants or rights following such a transaction, and our warrants or rights would expire worthless. The funds in the trust account have, since our IPO, been held only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. To mitigate the risk of us being deemed to have been operating as an unregistered investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may instruct the trustee, not before on or about the 18-month anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement relating to our IPO, to liquidate the U.S. government securities or money market funds held in the trust account and thereafter to hold all funds in the trust account in cash (i.e., in one or more bank accounts) until the earliest of our completion of a business combination or our liquidation. Following such liquidation of the assets in the trust account, we would likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the trust account, which would reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would have otherwise received upon any redemption or liquidation if the assets in the trust account had remained in U.S. government securities or money market funds. This means that the amount available for redemption would not increase in the future and, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. You will not be permitted to exercise your warrants unless we register and qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares or certain exemptions are available. If the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or qualification under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, holders of warrants will not be entitled to exercise such warrants and such warrants may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the registration under the Securities Act of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following our initial business combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration or redemption of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, under the terms of the warrant agreement, holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do so for cash and, instead, will be required to do so on a cashless basis, in which case the number of Class A ordinary shares that the holders of warrants will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum number of shares equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). In no event will warrants be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration or qualification is available. If our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, not permit holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants to do so for cash and, instead, require them to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act; in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement or register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities (other than upon a cashless exercise as described above) or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws. Our ability to require holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis after we call the warrants for redemption or if there is no effective registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants will cause holders to receive fewer Class A ordinary shares upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to pay the exercise price of their warrants in cash. If we call the warrants for redemption, we will have the option, in our sole discretion, to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis in the circumstances described in Description of Securities Warrants Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 10.00. If we choose to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis or if holders elect to do so when there is no effective registration statement, the number of Class A ordinary shares received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his or her warrant for cash. For example, if the holder is exercising 875 public warrants at 11.50 per share through a cashless exercise when the Class A ordinary shares have a fair market value of 17.50 per share when there is no effective registration statement, then upon the cashless exercise, the holder will receive 300 Class A ordinary shares. The holder would have received 875 Class A ordinary shares if the exercise price was paid in cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

The grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders and holders of our private placement warrants may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. Our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, holders of our private placement warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and holders of securities that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register such units, shares, warrants or the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares that is expected when the ordinary shares owned by our initial shareholders, holders of our private placement warrants or holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered. We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained therein. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 preferred shares, par value 0.0001 per share. There are 182,750,000 and 15,687,500 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares. The Class B ordinary shares are automatically convertible into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, including in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities related to our initial business combination. There are no preferred shares issued and outstanding. We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth therein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preferred shares: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the IPO; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preferred shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and 

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

In order to effectuate an initial business combination, special purpose acquisition companies, including us, have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our shareholders may not support. In order to effectuate a business combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, special purpose acquisition companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 65 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, at least 65 of the then outstanding private placement warrants (except for provisions of the warrant agreement enabling amendments without shareholder or warrant holder approval that are necessary in the good faith determination of our board of directors (taking into account then existing market precedents) to allow for the warrants to be classified as equity in our financial statements (provided that any modifications or amendments that would increase the warrant price or shorten the exercise period shall require the approval of the warrant holders in accordance with the warrant agreement)). In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. For example, on February 27, 2023, we amended our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to change the payment required to extend the Combination Period by two three-month periods. As amended, the adjusted payment is the deposit into the trust account of the lesser of (a) 750,000 and (ii) 0.125 for each Class A ordinary share then outstanding. Therefore, our public shareholders had the opportunity to redeem their shares upon the approval of the amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of not less than two-thirds (or such higher threshold as specified in the company s amended and restated articles of association) of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company (or 65 of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company with respect to amendments to the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account), which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other special purpose acquisition companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the IPO and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by a special resolution under Cayman Islands law which requires the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. Our initial shareholders, who will collectively beneficially own 39.7 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares entitled to vote thereon (assuming they do not purchase any securities in the open market), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum 
 42 

Table of Contents 

and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other special purpose acquisition companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants, or for amendments necessary for the warrants to be classified as equity. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any shareholder or warrant holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision or to make any amendments that are necessary in the good faith determination of our board of directors (taking into account then existing market precedents) to allow for the warrants to be classified as equity in our financial statements (provided that any modifications or amendments that would increase the warrant price or shorten the exercise period shall require the approval of the warrant holders in accordance with the warrant agreement), but otherwise requires the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants; provided that any amendment that solely affects the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement solely with respect to the private placement warrants will also require at least 65 of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants (i) in a manner adverse to a holder of public warrants if holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment or (ii) to the extent necessary for the warrants in the good faith determination of our board of directors (taking into account then existing market precedents) to allow for the warrants to be classified as equity in our financial statements without the consent of any shareholder or warrant holder (provided that any modifications or amendments that would increase the warrant price or shorten the exercise period shall require the approval of the warrant holders in accordance with the warrant agreement). Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or shares, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. If (i) we issue additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value of our Class A ordinary shares is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Our warrants will be accounted for as a warrant liability and will be recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. Following the consummation of the IPO and the concurrent issuance of the private placement warrants to our sponsor, we account for the 15,550,000 warrants issued in connection with the IPO (the 7,500,000 warrants included in the units and the 8,050,000 private placement warrants) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, we classify each of the warrants as a liability at its fair value as determined by the company based upon a valuation report obtained from its independent third party valuation firm. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, potential targets may seek a blank check company that does not have warrants that are accounted for as a warrant liability, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. In the past, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting related to errors in warrant liabilities, classification of temporary and permanent equity, and accuracy of completeness of accounts payable and accrued expenses. If we are unable to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. In connection with our audit as of and for the period from May 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to our accounting for warrant liabilities. In addition, in connection with our preparation of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022, we identified another material weakness related to the classification of temporary equity versus permanent equity in our financial statements filed with the SEC. While we offered the units in the IPO at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, we deposited in the trust account 10.20 per Class A ordinary share, implying an initial value of 10.20 per Class A ordinary share. After discussion and evaluation, we have concluded that the value then of each Class A ordinary share should have been considered 10.20 instead of 10.00. As a result, we concluded that our disclosure controles were not effective, as of December 31, 2022, because of material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting related to errors in warrant liabilities, classification of temporary and permanent equity, and accuracy and completeness of accounts payable and accrued expenses. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. We have and continue to take steps to remediate the material weakness, but there is no assurance that any remediation efforts will ultimately have the intended effects. If we identify any new material weaknesses in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result. We cannot assure stockholders that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem the outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, if, among other things, the Reference Value equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-dilution Adjustments ). Please see Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 18.00. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants as described above could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the Market Value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. In addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant if, among other things, the Reference Value equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-dilution Adjustments ). In such a case, the holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of our Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. Please see Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 10.00. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 of our Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. We issued warrants to purchase 8,625,000 Class A ordinary shares as part of the units offered by the IPO prospectus and, simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we issued in a private placement an aggregate of 8,950,000 private placement warrants, at 1.00 per warrant. In addition, if the sponsor makes any working capital loans up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant. In connection with the Promissory Note, on the earlier of (a) the consummation of a Business Combination and (b) December 31, 2022, we shall (i) pay to the Payee (as defined in the Promissory Note) the Principal Balance in immediately available funds and (ii) deliver to the Payee, as interest-in-kind, a number of newly issued Warrants equal to the Principal Balance divided by (y) 1.00, rounded up to the nearest whole number of warrants. The terms of the Warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants we issued in connection with our IPO. The Payee shall be entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the Warrants and the shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. To the extent we issue ordinary shares to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. Because each unit contains one-half of one warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other special purpose acquisition companies. Each unit contains one-half of one warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if it included a warrant to purchase one whole share. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

There is currently limited market for our securities, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. There is currently limited market for our securities. Shareholders therefore have access to limited information about prior market history on which to base their investment decision. The price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions, including as a result of future pandemic and geopolitical events. Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be sustained. Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. Since only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment and removal of directors prior to our business combination, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. Only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment and removal of directors prior to our business combination. As a result, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: 

we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of Nasdaq; 

we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

to the extent that we have one, we expect our nominating and corporate governance committee to be comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. We do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. Risks Relating to Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries If we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may adversely affect us. We intend to pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, which may subject us to additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations, including differences between U.S. GAAP and the International Accounting Standards; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

challenges in managing and staffing international operations; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist attacks and wars; and 

deterioration of political relations with the United States. We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such initial business combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. Following our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue will be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and legal policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements, we may not be able to enforce our legal rights and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders or warrant holders. In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. In addition, if we determine to relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction, our initial business combination may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity (or may otherwise result in adverse tax consequences). We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. We employ a mail forwarding service, which may delay or disrupt our ability to receive mail in a timely manner. Mail addressed to the company and received at its registered office will be forwarded unopened to the forwarding address supplied by company to be dealt with. None of the company, its directors, officers, advisors or service providers (including the organization which provides registered office services in the Cayman Islands) will bear any responsibility for any delay howsoever caused in mail reaching the forwarding address, which may impair your ability to communicate with us. We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular circumstances, the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year (and, in the case of the start-up exception, potentially not until after the two taxable years following our current taxable year). Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder a PFIC Annual Information Statement in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisers regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. It is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. We are exposed to certain risks that are particular to investing in emerging and other markets. In seeking significant investment exposure in Latin American countries, we are subject to political, economic, legal, operational and other risks that are inherent to operating and investing in these countries. These risks range from difficulties in settling transactions in emerging markets due to possible nationalization, expropriation, price controls and other restrictive governmental actions. We may also face the risk that exchange controls or similar restrictions imposed by foreign governmental authorities may restrict our ability to convert local currency received or held by us in their countries into U.S. dollars or other currencies, or to take those dollars or other currencies out of those countries. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

We may be subject to an excise tax under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 in connection with redemptions of our ordinary shares. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, enacted in August 2022, imposes a 1 excise tax on the fair market value of stock repurchased by covered corporations beginning in 2023, with certain exceptions (the Excise Tax ). The Excise Tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its stockholders. Because we are a blank check Cayman Islands corporations with no subsidiaries or previous merger or acquisition activity, we are not currently a covered corporation for this purpose. The amount of the Excise Tax is generally equal to 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the Excise Tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, there are certain other exceptions to the Excise Tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury has been given authority to issue regulations or other guidance to carry out, and to prevent the avoidance of, the Excise Tax. The Treasury and the IRS recently have issued preliminary guidance regarding the application of this excise tax, but there can be no assurance that this guidance will be finally adopted in its current form. A repurchase that occurs in connection with a business combination with a U.S. target company might be subject to the Excise Tax, depending on the structure of the business combination and other transactions that might be engaged in during the relevant year. General Risk Factors We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a blank check company incorporated on May 13, 2021 under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results, and we will not commence operations until obtaining funding through the IPO. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. At December 31, 2022, we had 413,206 in operating cash and a working capital deficit of 200,831, respectively. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. We have 18 months (or 21 months if we extend our Combination Period by an additional three-months) from the date of our IPO, December 9, 2021, to complete our initial business combination which automatically triggers substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. There is no assurance that the initial business combination will be successful or successful within the Combination Period. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this Form 10-K do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to continue as a going concern. Past performance by our management team, our sponsor and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the company. Information regarding our management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience and performance by our management team and their affiliates and the businesses with which they have been associated, is not a guarantee that we will be able to successfully identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination, that we will be able to provide positive returns to our shareholders, or of any results with respect to any initial business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical experiences of our management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or as indicative of every prior investment by each of the members of our management team or their affiliates. The market price of our securities may be influenced by numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, and our shareholders may experience losses on their investment in our securities. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense and/or accept less favorable terms. Furthermore, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. In addition, after completion of any initial business combination, our directors and officers could be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to such initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and officers. We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of any September 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not exceed 700 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues did not exceed 700 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our current Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other 
 52 

Table of Contents 

public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. Federal courts may be limited. We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. Our corporate affairs will be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. We have been advised by Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. ITEM IB. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. We currently lease executive offices at Juan Salvador Agraz 65, Contadero, Cuajimalpa de Morelos, 05370, Mexico City, Mexico, from our Sponsor a. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. As of December 31, 2022, to the knowledge of our management, there was no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such, and we and the members of our management team have not been subject to any such proceeding. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. Not applicable. PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. Market Information Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants listed on the Nasdaq under the symbols APXIU, APXI and APXIW, respectively. Holders As of December 31, 2022, there was 1 holder of record of our units, 1 holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares, 3 holders of record of our Class B ordinary shares and 2 holders of record of our warrants. The number of holders of record does not include a substantially greater number of street name holders or beneficial holders whose units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings Unregistered Sales The sales of the Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants to our Sponsor and our initial shareholders were deemed to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act, in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. On February 28, 2023, we issued an unsecured promissory note (the Promissory Note in an amount of 875,000 in order to economically facilitate our ability to effect the Extension. The Promissory Note is payable in full on the earlier of (a) our consummation of an initial business combination (as defined in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as it may be amended from time to time) and (b) December 31, 2023 (the earlier of such dates, the Due Date ). On the Due Date, the Company shall (i) pay to the Payee (as defined in the Promissory Note) the outstanding principal amount of the Promissory Note in immediately available funds (the Principal Balance and (ii) deliver to the Payee, as interest-in-kind, a number of newly issued Warrants (as defined below) equal to the Principal Balance divided by (y) 1.00, rounded up to the nearest whole number of warrants (the Warrants ). The terms of the Warrants would be identical to the warrants we issued in a private placement that was consummated in connection with our IPO. The Payee shall be entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the Warrants and the shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. Use of Proceeds On December 9, 2021, we consummated our IPO of 17,250,000 Units, including the issuance of 2,250,000 Units as a result of the underwriters exercise of their over-allotment option in full. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share for 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to us of 172,500,000. BofA Securities, Inc. served as the underwriter of the IPO. The securities sold in the IPO were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-261247). The SEC declared the registration statement effective on December 6, 2021. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Following the closing of the IPO and private placement of warrants, 175,950,000 was placed in the trust account, comprised of 172,500,000 of the proceeds from the IPO, including 6,037,500 of the underwriters deferred discount, and 8,950,000 of the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants. We paid 3,450,000 in underwriting discounts and recorded approximately 833,597 for other costs and expenses related to the IPO. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from the IPO as described in the prospectus dated November 19, 2021, which was filed with the SEC. On February 27, 2023 we held an extraordinary general meeting (the EGM and our shareholders approved an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and to the investment management trust agreement, to change the payment required to extend the Combination Period by two three-month periods. In connection with such vote, the holders of 10,693,417 public shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares (and did not withdraw their request for redemption) for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 111,346,281.12. Following such redemptions, approximately 68,271,080.69 remained in the trust account and 6,556,583 public shares remained issued and outstanding. Such remaining amount in the trust account will be distributed either to (i) all holders of public shares upon our liquidation or (ii) holders of public shares who elect to have their shares redeemed in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. ITEM 6. [Reserved] ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. References to the Company, our, us or we refer to APx Acquisition Corp. I The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated on May 13, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company formed for the purpose of effecting an initial business combination. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with us. While we may pursue an initial business combination target in any industry, we intend to focus our search on companies in a SSLA or companies outside a SSLA that provide goods and services to Spanish speaking markets. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using remaining cash in the trust account from the proceeds of the offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of the offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Our entire activity since inception up to December 31, 2022 was in preparation for our formation and the IPO and after search for target. We will not be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial business combination. For the period from May 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had net income of approximately 1,655,213, which consisted of approximately 788,606 of formation costs and other operating expenses, approximately 2,442,925 of non-operating gain from changes in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities, and approximately 894 in interest income. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 12,836,510 which consists of operating costs of 1,118,794, offset by interest income of 2,001,308 from investments in our Trust Account, 249,047 of gain on settlement of deferred underwriting fees and 11,704,950 of unrealized gain on fair value changes of warrants. The operating expenses were primarily due to fees for professionals such as the auditors, legal counsel and consultants, and insurance expenses. Liquidity and Capital Resources and Going Concern As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 413,206 in its operating bank account and a working capital deficit of 200,832. The Company s liquidity needs up to December 31, 2022 had been satisfied through a payment from the Sponsor of 25,000 (Note 6) for the Founder Shares to cover certain offering. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans, as defined below (Note 6). As of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. On February 28, 2023, we issued an unsecured promissory note (the Promissory Note in an amount of 875,000 in order to economically facilitate our ability to effect the Extension. The Promissory Note is payable in full on the earlier of (a) our consummation of an initial business combination (as defined in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as it may be amended from time to time) and (b) December 31, 2023 (the earlier of such dates, the Due Date ). On the Due Date, the Company shall (i) pay to the Payee (as defined in the Promissory Note) the outstanding principal amount of the Promissory Note in immediately available funds (the Principal Balance and (ii) deliver to the Payee, as interest-in-kind, a number of newly issued Warrants equal to the Principal Balance divided by (y) 1.00, rounded up to the nearest whole number of Warrants. The terms of the Warrants would be identical to the warrants we issued in a private placement that was consummated in connection with our IPO. The Payee shall be entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the Warrants and the shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. Based on the foregoing, management believes that the Company will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet its needs through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or one year from this filing. Over this time period, the Company will be using these funds for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Account Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. The Company has until June 9, 2023, or September 9, 2023 if it further deposits 750,000 to extend the date by an additional three-month period, to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Risks and Uncertainties Management continues to evaluate the impact of future global pandemics and geopolitical events and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that such events could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations, and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. Contractual Obligations Administrative Services Agreement Commencing on the date of the prospectus and until completion of the Company s initial business combination or liquidation, the Company may reimburse an affiliate of the Sponsor up to an amount of 10,000 per month for office space and secretarial and administrative support provided to members of the Company s management team. Upon completion of the Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. Registration Rights The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans (and in each case holders of their component securities, as applicable) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering, requiring the Company to register such securities for resale (in the case of the Founder Shares, only after conversion to our Class A ordinary shares). The holders of the majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement In connection with the IPO, the underwriter was granted a 45-day option to purchase up to 2,250,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Proposed Offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. As of December 31, 2022, the underwriter exercised all of the over-allotment units. The underwriter was entitled to a cash underwriting discount of 2.00 of the gross proceeds of the Proposed Offering, or 3,450,000 as the over-allotment option was exercised in full. In addition, the underwriter would be entitled to a deferred fee of three and half percent (3.50 of the gross proceeds of the Proposed Offering, or 6,037,500 as the over-allotment option was exercised in full. The deferred fee would become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Effective as of September 28, 2022, the underwriter from the Initial Public Offering resigned and withdrew from their role in the Business Combination and thereby waived their right to the deferred underwriting commissions in the amount of 6,037,500, which the Company has recorded as a gain on settlement of underwriter fees on the statement of shareholders equity for the year ended December 31, 2022 for 5,788,453, which represents the original amount recorded to accumulated deficit, and the remaining balance representing the original amount recorded to the statement of operations of 249,047 was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022. Critical Accounting Estimates This management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to fair value of financial instruments and accrued expenses. We base our estimates on historical 
 57 

Table of Contents 

experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The Company has identified the following as its critical accounting policies: Warrant Liabilities The Company accounts for warrants based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ), and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to the Company s own ordinary shares, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. For issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. The fair value of the warrants was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model-based approach (see Note 10). Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption The Company accounts for its ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholder s equity. The Company s ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholder s equity section of the Company s balance sheet. Net Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share We comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. We have two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Net income (loss) per common share is calculated by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted average shares of ordinary shares outstanding for the respective period. The calculation of diluted net income (loss) does not consider the effect of the warrants underlying the Units sold in the IPO (including the consummation of the Over-allotment) and the private placement warrants to purchase an aggregate of 17,575,000 Class A ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per share, because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per share is the same as basic net income (loss) per share for the year ended December 31, 2022. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. Recent Accounting Standards In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt -- Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging -- Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, that ASU 2020-06 would have on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

JOBS Act On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our Initial Public Offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. This information appears following Item 15 of this this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 and is included herein by reference. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. None. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective, as of December 31, 2022, because of material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting related to errors in warrant liabilities, classification of temporary and permanent equity, and accuracy and completeness of accounts payable and accrued expenses. The detection of errors did not trigger a financial restatement and had no impact on previously issued financial statements. We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Restatement of Previously Issued Financial Statements On August 16, 2022, we revised the balance of temporary equity and permanent equity. We restated our financial statements to revalue the Company s Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at its full redemption value, as described in the Explanatory Note of this Amendment. The Company s accounting related to temporary equity and permanent equity did not have any effect on the Company s previously reported investments held in trust or cash. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective, due to the material weakness described elsewhere in this Report. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

Notwithstanding this material weakness, management has concluded that our audited financial statements included in this Report are fairly stated in all material respects in accordance with GAAP for each of the periods presented therein. This Report does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Remediation Plan The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer performed additional post-closing review procedures including reviewing historical filings and consulting with subject matter experts related to the accounting for warrant liabilities. The Company s management has expended, and will continue to expend, a substantial amount of effort and resources for the remediation and improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. While we have processes to properly identify and evaluate the appropriate accounting technical pronouncements and other literature for all significant or unusual transactions, we have improved, and will continue to improve, these processes to ensure that the nuances of such transactions are effectively evaluated in the context of the increasingly complex accounting standards. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Other than the matters discussed above, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 covered by this Annual Report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. None. PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. Directors and Executive Officers Our officers and directors are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Daniel Braatz 
 
 39 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board 
 
 Xavier Martinez 
 
 31 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Alfredo Vara Alonso 
 
 54 
 
 Director 
 
 Angel Losada Moreno 
 
 68 
 
 Director 
 
 David Proman 
 
 40 
 
 Director 
 
 Diego Dayenoff 
 
 45 
 
 Director 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

Daniel Braatz serves as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. Since its inception, Mr. Braatz has served as CEO and Chairman of the Board of APx Capital. In addition, Mr. Braatz (i) co-founded (a) FHipo, the first MREIT in the region with over US 1.4 billion in AUM, and (b) VACE Partners, a company providing specialized financial services, (ii) founded (a) Yave, a leading non-bank digital mortgage lender in Mexico, (b) VRE, a vertical residential developer, and (c) AC Capital, a distressed asset fund, (iii) currently serves as a board member of FHipo, Infosel, Conjunto Inmobiliario Polanco, Yave, Parkour Ventures and AC Capital and (iv) holds an LPAC position in Yaax Capital. Prior to his entrepreneurial life, Mr. Braatz worked at Citigroup as an investment banker. Mr. Braatz holds a B.S. in Industrial Engineering from Instituto Tecnol gico Aut nomo de M xico (ITAM). We believe Mr. Braatz s extensive corporate and private venture capital experience, as well as his extensive experience serving in a number of executive positions and as a board member of other companies, makes him well qualified to serve as a Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. Xavier Martinez serves as our Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Martinez has been a member of APx Capital since inception. Prior to APx, Xavier served as Vice President of Investments and Chief Business Development Officer at FHipo. Mr. Martinez is also a co-founder of Yave. Mr. Martinez received a B.S. in Economics from Universidad Iberoamericana and an MBA from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. We believe Mr. Martinez s extensive corporate and private venture capital experience makes him well qualified to serve as Chief Financial Officer. Alfredo Vara serves as one of our directors. Mr. Vara is (i) a co-founder and member of the board of APx Capital, AC Capital and Yave (ii) a co-founder of VACE Partners (iii) a co-founder, member of the board, and the first managing partner of FHipo, and is currently involved in the vehicle s strategic decision-making and (iv) the largest minority investor in HiTo, master administrator platform, and advisor to the board. From February 2017 to November 2018, Mr. Vara was General Director of Banobras, the fifth largest bank in Mexico by loan portfolio. Mr. Vara has served as board member, at different times, of Afore XXI, Infonavit, Fincasa, Finrural, among others. Prior to his entrepreneurial experiences, Mr. Vara was a first level officer at IPAB (Instituto para la Protecci n al Ahorro Bancario). He also worked for Deutsche Bank s Latin American Global Market Sales Group. Mr. Vara holds a B.S. in Economics from ITAM, and an MBA and M.A. in Economics from Yale University. We believe Mr. Vara s extensive corporate and private venture capital experience, as well as his extensive experience serving in a number of executive positions and as a board member of other companies, makes him well qualified to serve as a director. David Proman serves as one of our independent directors. Mr. Proman is currently CEO of Global X Digital, a renewable energy powered, private bitcoin miner and blockchain infrastructure company headquartered in Oklahoma City. Mr. Proman recently transitioned from his role as a Partner and Managing Director at Fir Tree, a New York based private investment firm that invests worldwide in public and private companies, real estate, and sovereign debt. Mr. Proman served on the boards of directors of both public and private companies, including many commodity production, infrastructure and real estate businesses. Prior to his role at Fir Tree, Mr. Proman was a Portfolio Manager and Analyst at Kore Advisors, a fixed income investment manager. Mr. Proman received a B.A. in Economics from the University of Virginia in 2004. We believe Mr. Proman s experience with growth-oriented companies across various industries, as well as his extensive experience serving in a number of executive positions and as a board member of other companies, makes him well qualified to serve as a director. Diego Dayenoff serves as one of our independent directors. Mr. Dayenoff is a Senior Managing Director at Key Square, where he has a focus on equity and credit investments. Prior to Key Square, he served as a Managing Director and Partner at Fir Tree from 2011 to 2017. Prior to joining Fir Tree, Mr. Dayenoff worked at Eton Park in their Emerging Markets team where he focused on public market opportunities across Latin America from 2008 to 2011. Prior to Eton Park, he worked at SAC in the convertible arbitrage group and Lehman Brothers in their US credit proprietary trading desk. Mr. Dayenoff received an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School where he was a Baker Scholar and a B.S. in Business Administration with honors from the University of Buenos Aires. We believe Mr. Dayenoff s experience with equity and credit investments makes him well qualified to serve as a director. Angel Losada Moreno serves as one of our independent directors. Mr. Losada currently acts as President of the Board of Directors of Grupo Gigante, S.A.B. de C.V., a publicly listed company in Mexico. Mr. Losada is also the president of the board of directors of the following companies: (i) Office Depot de Mexico, (ii) Toks restaurants, (iii) Grupo Gigante Inmobiliario and (iv) Grupo President, a hotel, restaurant, and club manager company in 
 62 

Table of Contents 

Mexico. Mr. Losada is also a member of boards of directors of several other companies, such as Telefonos de Mexico, S.A. de C.V., Grupo Financiero Banamex Citigroup, S.A., Ver Bien para Aprender Mejor Foundation, A.C., National Chamber of Commerce of the city of Mexico and Food Marketing Institute of the United States of America. In addition, Mr. Losada has been the president of the board of directors of the Mexican National Association of Supermarkets and Departmental Stores, A.C. (ANTAD). Mr. Losada has a B.S. in Business Administration from Anahuac University. We believe Mr. Losada s extensive experience serving as a board member and president of the board of directors of various private and public companies makes him well qualified to serve as a director. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being appointed in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Diego Dayenoff, will expire at our first annual general meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Alfredo Vara Alonso and David Proman, will expire at the second annual general meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Daniel Braatz and Angel Losada Moreno, will expire at the third annual general meeting. Only holders of Class B ordinary shares have the right to appoint directors in any general meeting held prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Holders of our public shares are not entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to the rights of holders of Class B ordinary shares to appoint directors may be amended by a special resolution passed by at least 90 of our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our Board of Directors be independent within one year of our initial public offering. An independent director is defined generally as a person who, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). Our board of directors has determined that Angel Losada Moreno, David Proman and Diego Dayenoff are independent directors as defined in Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Both our audit committee and our compensation committee will be composed solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the Nasdaq require that the compensation committee and the nominating and corporate governance committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Audit Committee Angel Losada Moreno, David Proman and Diego Dayenoff serve as members of our audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that each of Angel Losada Moreno, David Proman and Diego Dayenoff are independent under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. David Proman serves as the Chairman of the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, all the directors on the audit committee must be independent. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that David Proman qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

The audit committee is responsible for: 

assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent registered public accounting firm; the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; reviewing and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the registered public accounting firm has with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (1) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the independent registered public accounting firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent registered public accounting firm, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee The members of our nominating and corporate governance committee are Angel Losada Moreno, David Proman and Diego Dayenoff. Diego Dayenoff serves as chairman of the nominating and corporate governance committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards, we are required to have a nominating and corporate governance committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Angel Losada Moreno, David Proman and Diego Dayenoff are independent. The nominating and corporate governance committee is responsible for: 

identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria approved by the board, and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination for appointment at the annual general meeting or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; 

developing and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; 

coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the company; and 

reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

The charter also provides that the nominating and corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of, and terminate, any search firm to be used to identify director candidates, and will be directly responsible for approving the search firm s fees and other retention terms. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders. Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board of directors. Compensation Committee The members of our compensation committee are Angel Losada Moreno, David Proman and Diego Dayenoff. Angel Losada Moreno serves as chairman of the compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards, we are required to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Angel Losada Moreno, David Proman and Diego Dayenoff are independent. The compensation committee is responsible for: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our chief executive officer s compensation, evaluating our chief executive officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our chief executive officer s based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, and any incentive compensation and equity based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of up to 10,000 per month, for up to 24 months, for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support, other expenses and obligations of our sponsor and reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing shareholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Committee Charters We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics as an exhibit to the registration statement related to our IPO. You will be able to review this document by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the charters of the committees of our board of directors will be provided without charge upon request from us. If we make any amendments to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics other than technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendments, or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions requiring disclosure under applicable SEC or Nasdaq rules, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website. The information included on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. Conflicts of Interest Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: 

(i) 
 duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

(ii) 
 duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

(iii) 
 directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

(iv) 
 duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; 

(v) 
 duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and 

(vi) 
 duty to exercise independent judgment. In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience of that director. As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. Each of our directors and officers presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including other blank check companies and other entities that are affiliates of our sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity. Before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

To address the matters set out above our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. In addition, our amended and restated articles of association will contain provisions to exculpate and indemnify, to the maximum extent permitted by law, such persons in respect of any liability, obligation or duty to our company that may arise as a consequence of such persons becoming aware of any business opportunity or failing to present such business opportunity. Below is a table summarizing the other entities to which our officers, directors and director nominees currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: 

Individual 
 
 Entity/Organization 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 

Daniel Braatz 
 
 APx Capital 
 
 Alternative Investment Fund 
 
 CEO and Chairman of the Board 

FHipo 
 
 MREIT 
 
 Co-Founder and Board Member 

Infosel 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 Board Member 

Conjunto Inmobiliario Polanco 
 
 Real Estate Agency 
 
 Board Member 

Yave 
 
 Non-Bank Digital Mortgage Lender 
 
 Founder and Board Member 

VRE 
 
 Vertical Residential Developer 
 
 Founder 

AC Capital 
 
 Distressed Asset Fund 
 
 Founder and Board Member 

Yaax Capital 
 
 Venture Capital Fund 
 
 LPAC 

Parkour Ventures 
 
 Asset Management Fund 
 
 LPAC 

VACE Partners 
 
 Specialized Financial Services 
 
 Co-Founder 
 
 Xavier Martinez 
 
 Yave 
 
 Non-Bank Digital Mortgage Lender 
 
 Co-Founder 

VACE Partners 
 
 Specialized Financial Services 
 
 Co-Founder 

FHipo 
 
 MREIT 
 
 Co-Founder, Director and Managing Partner 
 
 Alfredo Vara Alonso 
 
 AC Capital 
 
 Distressed Asset Fund 
 
 Co-Founder and Board Member 

Yave 
 
 Non-Bank Digital Mortgage Lender 
 
 Co-Founder and Board Member 

HiTo 
 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Largest Minority Investor, Master Administrator Platform and Advisor to the Board 
 
 Angel Losada Moreno 
 
 Grupo Gigante, S.A.B. de C.V 
 
 Retail, Services and Real Estate 
 
 President of the Board 

Office Depot de Mexico 
 
 Office Supply Retail 
 
 President of the Board 

Toks Restaurants 
 
 Fast Casual Restaurant Chain 
 
 President of the Board 

Grupo Gigante Inmobiliario 
 
 Real Estate Developer and Manager 
 
 President of the Board 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

Individual 3 
 
 Entity/Organization 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 

Grupo President 
 
 Hotel, Restaurant, and Club Manager 
 
 President of the Board 

Grupo Financiero Banamex Citigroup, S.A. 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 Board Member 

Ver Bien para Aprender Mejor Foundation 
 
 Visual Health Foundation 
 
 Board Member 

A.C. National Chamber of Commerce of the city of Mexico 
 
 Chamber of Commerce 
 
 Board Member 

Food Marketing Institute of the United States of America 
 
 Food Safety and Nutrition Foundation 
 
 Board Member 

Grupo Aeroportuario del Pacifico 
 
 Airport Operator 
 
 Board Member 

Novag Infancia 
 
 Pharmaceuticals 
 
 Board Member 

PETCO Mexico 
 
 Pet Supply Retail 
 
 Board Member 
 
 David Proman 
 
 Global X Digital 
 
 Renewable Energy Powered, Private Bitcoin Mining and Blockchain Infrastructure 
 
 CEO 
 
 Diego Dayenoff 
 
 Key Square 
 
 Investment Management 
 
 Senior Managing Director 
 Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. 

Our initial shareholders purchased founder shares prior to the date of the IPO and purchased private placement warrants in a transaction that will closed simultaneously with the closing of the IPO. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Additionally, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Furthermore, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion thereof until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (ii) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, the founder shares will be released from the lockup. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Because each of our officers and directors own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors or completing the business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm, that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, be paid by the company any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination. Further, we also pay our sponsor up to 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team and other expenses and obligations of our sponsor. We cannot assure you that any of the above-mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. In the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares, and they and the other members of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and any shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination. Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We have purchased a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. We have also entered into indemnity agreements with them. Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers, directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Officers, directors and ten percent shareholders are required by regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on review of the copies of such forms furnished to us, or written representations that no Forms 5 were required, we believe that, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our officers and directors were complied with. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. None of our officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Until the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will pay our sponsor or an affiliate thereof up to 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of our management team and other expenses and obligations of our sponsor. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made from funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed initial business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS. We have no compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of March 28, 2023, by: 

each person known by us to be a beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and ordinary shares; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns ordinary shares; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. The following table is based on 10,869,083 ordinary shares outstanding at March 28, 2023, of which 6,556,583 were Class A ordinary shares and 4,312,500 were Class B ordinary shares. Unless otherwise indicated, it is believed that all persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Class A ordinary shares Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 

Approximate Percentage of Class 

Class B ordinary shares Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (2) 

Approximate Percentage of Class 

Percentage of Outstanding ordinary shares 

APx Cap Sponsor Group I, LLC (3) 

4,272,500 

99.07 

39.31 

Highbridge Capital Management, LLC (4) 

615,059 

9.38 

5.66 

Saba Capital Management, L.P. (5) 

1,530,600 

23.34 

14.08 

Fir Tree Capital Management LP (6) 

1,480,500 

22.58 

13.62 

Calamos Market Neutral Income Fund (7) 

1,000,000 

15.25 

9.20 

Glazer Capital, LLC (8) 

749,820 

11.44 

6.90 

Daniel Braatz 

Xavier Martinez 

Alfredo Vara Alonso 

Angel Losada Moreno 

20,000 

David Proman 

20,000 

Diego Dayenoff 

All officers and directors as a group 

4,312,500 

100 

39.7 

Less than one percent 

On February 23, 2023, the Company provided its public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. As such, the reporting herein are solely based on Schedule 13G or 13G/A and may not reflect actual holding of the shares beneficially owned by a shareholder after the redemption. 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following is Juan Salvador Agraz 65, Contadero, Cuajimalpa de Morelos, 05370, Mexico City, Mexico. 

(2) 
 Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination. 

(3) 
 The shares reported above are held in the name of our sponsor. APx Cap Sponsor Group I, LLC is controlled by its managing member, APx Cap Holdings I, LLC. APx Cap Holdings I, LLC s board of directors consists of three members. Each director of APx Cap Holdings I, LLC has one vote, and the approval of the members of the board of directors is required to approve an action of APx Cap Holdings I, LLC. Under the so-called rule of three, if voting and dispositive decisions regarding an entity s securities are made by two or more individuals, and a voting and dispositive decision requires the approval of a majority of those individuals, then none of the individuals is deemed a beneficial owner of the entity s securities. This is the situation with regard to APx Cap Holdings I, LLC. Based upon the foregoing analysis, no individual manager of APx Cap Holdings I, LLC exercises voting or dispositive control over any of the securities held by APx Cap Holdings I, LLC even those in which he directly holds a pecuniary interest. Accordingly, none of them will be deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of such shares and, for the avoidance of doubt, each expressly disclaims any such beneficial interest to the extent of any pecuniary interest he may have therein, directly or indirectly. 

(4) 
 Shares beneficially owned are based on Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on January 30, 2023, by Highbridge Capital Management, LLC Highbridge ), which information has not been independently confirmed. The principal business address of Highbridge is 277 Park Avenue, 23rd Floor, New York, New York 10172. 

(5) 
 Shares beneficially owned are based on Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023, by Saba Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Saba Capital ), Saba Capital Management GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Saba GP ), and Mr. Boaz R. Weinstein, which information has not been independently confirmed. Each of Saba Capital, Saba GP and Mr. Weinstein has shared voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares. The address of the shareholder, as reported in the Schedule 13G is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

(6) 
 Shares beneficially owned are based on Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023, by Fir Tree Capital Management LP, a Delaware limited partnership. The address of the shareholder, as reported in the Schedule 13G is 500 5th Avenue, 9th Floor, New York, New York 10110. 

(7) 
 Shares beneficially owned are based on Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on December 31, 2021, by Calamos Market Neutral Income Fund, a series of Calamos Investment Trust Calamos ). The address of the shareholder, as reported in the Schedule 13G is 2020 Calamos Court, Naperville, Illinois 60563. 

(8) 
 Shares beneficially owned are based on Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on March 10, 2023, by Glazer Capital, LLC. The address of the shareholder, as reported in the Schedule 13G/A is 250 West 55th Street, Suite 30A, New York, New York 10019. In connection with our IPO, our sponsor beneficially owns approximately 20 of the then issued and outstanding ordinary shares and, after giving effect to the redemption in connection with the Extension, our sponsor beneficially owns approximately 39.7 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares as of March 28, 2023. Only holders of Class B ordinary shares have the right to appoint directors in any general meeting held prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Holders of our public shares do not have the right to appoint any directors to our board of directors prior to our initial business combination. Because of this ownership block, our sponsor may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions including our initial business combination. Our sponsor has agreed (a) to vote any founder shares and public shares held by it in favor of any proposed business combination and (b) not to redeem any founder shares or public shares held by it in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. Our sponsor and our officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. See Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Related Party Policy for additional information regarding our relationships with our promoters. Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants The founder shares, private placement warrants and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in the agreement entered into by our sponsor and management team. Those lock-up provisions provide that such securities are not transferable or salable (i) in the case of the founder shares, until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination and (B) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof, until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination except in each case (a) to our officers or directors, any affiliate or family member of any of our officers or directors, any affiliate of our sponsor, to any member of the sponsor or any of their affiliates (b) in the case of an individual, as a gift to such person s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of such person s immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of such person; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection with any forward purchase agreement or similar arrangement or in connection with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the shares or warrants were originally purchased; (f) by virtue of the laws of the Cayman Islands or our sponsor s limited liability company agreement upon dissolution of our sponsor, (g) in the event of our liquidation prior to our consummation of our initial business combination; or (h) in the event that, subsequent to our consummation of an initial business combination, we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (f) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreements. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

Registration Rights The holders of the (i) founder shares, (ii) private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such private placement warrants and (iii) private placement warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement. Pursuant to the registration rights agreement and assuming 1,500,000 of working capital loans are converted into private placement warrants, we will be obligated to register up to 14,762,500 Class A ordinary shares and 10,450,000 warrants. The number of Class A ordinary shares includes (i) 4,312,500 Class A ordinary shares to be issued upon conversion of the founder shares, (ii) 8,950,000 Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants and (iii) 1,500,000 Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans. The number of warrants includes 8,950,000 private placement warrants and 1,500,000 private placement warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Equity Compensation Plans As of December 31, 2022, we had no compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities were authorized for issuance. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. Founder Shares On May 21, 2021, the sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.006 per share, to cover certain of our expenses in consideration of 4,312,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. Our sponsor has transferred 20,000 of its founder shares to two of our independent directors. As such, our initial shareholders collectively own 20 of our issued and outstanding shares as of our initial public offering. The founder shares (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. As of December 31, 2022, the Sponsor held 4,272,500 Class B ordinary shares. Our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers, and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion thereof until the earlier to occur of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination; or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property (except with respect to permitted transferees). Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our initial shareholders with respect to any founder shares. Private Placement Warrants Concurrently with the closing of the IPO, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 8,950,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant. Each warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share. The proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants were added to the proceeds from the IPO held in the trust account. If the Company does not complete an initial business combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

Promissory Note On May 21, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company 300,000 to cover expenses related to the IPO pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). The Company borrowed approximately 138,287.25 under the Note. The Company repaid the Note in full on December 9, 2021. Subsequent to the repayment, the facility was no longer available to the Company. Working Capital Loans In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ). If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Except as set forth above, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. Administrative Support Agreement The Company has agreed to pay the Sponsor up to 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services. Upon completion of the initial business combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the period from May 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 and as of the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has not incurred nor paid such administrative fees. Registration Rights The holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants, and securities that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, if any, will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement dated as of December 6, 2021. These holders are entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration rights. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Related Party Policy The audit committee of our board of directors has adopted a policy setting forth the policies and procedures for its review and approval or ratification of related party transactions. A related party transaction is any consummated or proposed transaction or series of transactions: (i) in which the company was or is to be a participant; (ii) the amount of which exceeds (or is reasonably expected to exceed) the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of the company s total assets at year end for the prior two completed fiscal years in the aggregate over the duration of the transaction (without regard to profit or loss); and (iii) in which a related party had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Related parties under this policy will include: (i) our directors, nominees for director or officers; (ii) any record or beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities; (iii) any immediate family member of any of the foregoing if the foregoing person is a natural person; and (iv) any other person who maybe a related person pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. Pursuant to the policy, the audit committee will consider (i) the relevant facts and circumstances of each related party transaction, including if the transaction is on terms comparable to those that could be obtained in arm s-length dealings with an unrelated third party, (ii) the extent of the related party s interest in the transaction, (iii) whether the transaction contravenes our code of ethics or other policies, (iv) whether the audit committee believes the relationship underlying the transaction to be in the best interests of the company and its shareholders and (v) the effect that the transaction may have on a director s status as an independent member of the board and on his or her eligibility to serve on the board s committees. Management will present to the audit committee each proposed related party transaction, including all relevant facts and circumstances relating thereto. Under the policy, we may consummate related party transactions only if our audit committee approves or ratifies the transaction in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the policy. The policy will not permit any director or officer to participate in the discussion of, or decision concerning, a related person transaction in which he or she is the related party. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. Our board of directors has determined that Angel Losada Moreno, David Proman and Diego Dayenoff are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. Fees for professional services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm since inception include: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Audit Fees(1) 

113,305 

Audit-Related Fees(2) 

0 

Tax Fees(3) 

0 

All Other Fees(4) 

0 

Total Fees 

113,305 

(1) 
 Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. 

(2) 
 Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our year-end financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 

(3) 
 Tax Fees. Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. 

(4) 
 All Other Fees. All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. Policy on Board Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Auditors Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by Marcum LLP, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: (1) Financial Statements 
 75 

Table of Contents 

Reference is made to the Index to Financial Statements of the Company under Item 8 of Part II above. (2) Financial Statement Schedule All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial, not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto in Item 8 of Part II above. (3) Exhibits We hereby file as part of this report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41125), filed with the SEC on December 9, 2021). 

3.2 
 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Incorporation, dated February 27, 2023. 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-261247), filed with the SEC on November 19, 2021). 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-261247), filed with the SEC on November 19, 2021). 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-261247), filed with the SEC on November 19, 2021). 

4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated December 6, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41125), filed with the SEC on December 9, 2021). 

4.5 
 
 Description of Securities. 

10.1 
 
 A Letter Agreement, dated December 6, 2021, among the Company and its officers and directors and the Sponsor (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41125), filed with the SEC on December 9, 2021). 

10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated December 6, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41125), filed with the SEC on December 9, 2021). 

10.3 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Investment Management Trust Agreement, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee, dated February 27, 2023. 

10.4 
 
 Registration Rights and Shareholder Agreement, dated December 6, 2021, between the Company and certain security holders (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41125), filed with the SEC on December 9, 2021). 

10.5 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated December 6, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41125), filed with the SEC on December 9, 2021). 

10.6 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-261247), filed with the SEC on November 19, 2021). 

10.7 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated December 6, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41125), filed with the SEC on December 9, 2021). 

10.8 
 
 Promissory Note, dated February 28, 2023, issued by the Company. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY Not applicable. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. March 31, 2023 

APX ACQUISITION CORP. 1 

By: 
 
 /s/ Xavier Martinez 

Name: 
 
 Xavier Martinez 

Title: 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

78 

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated below. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Daniel Braatz Daniel Braatz 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 31, 2023 

/s/ Xavier Martinez Xavier Martinez 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 31, 2023 

/s/ Alfredo Vara Alonso Alfredo Vara Alonso 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

/s/ Angel Losada Moreno Angel Losada Moreno 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

/s/ David Proman David Proman 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

/s/ Diego Dayenoff Diego Dayenoff 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

APX ACQUISITION CORP. I 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 

F-2

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-3

Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from May 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-4

Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-5

Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-6

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-7

F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

APx Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet s

 of APx Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes 

(collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company currently has a mandatory liquidation date of June 9, 2023. In addition, the Company has a significant working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum LLP

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 31, 2023 

F-2 

Table of Contents 
 
 APX ACQUISITION CORP. I 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

ASSETS

Current assets

Cash

Prepaid expenses - Current

Total Current Assets

Non-current
 prepaid expenses

Non-current
 Investment held in Trust Account

TOTAL ASSETS

LIABILITIES, CLASS A ORDINARY SHARE SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT

Current liabilities

Accrued expenses and accounts payable

Total current liabilities

Deferred underwriting fees payable

Warrant liabilities

Total Liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6)

Class A ordinary shares; shares subject to possible redemption at and per share redemption value at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively

Shareholders Deficit

Preferred Stock - par value; shares authorized; ne issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021

Class A ordinary shares- par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding (excluding 17,2500,000 shares subject to possible redemption) at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively

Class B ordinary shares- par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively

Additional paid-in
 capital

Accumulated Deficit

() 

() 

Total Shareholders Deficit

TOTAL LIABILITIES, CLASS A ORDINARY SHARE SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statement. 

F-3 

Table of Contents 

APX ACQUISITION CORP. I 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

For the period from May 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021

Formation costs and other operating expenses

Loss from operations

Other income:

Interest income

Gain on Settlement of deferred underwriting fees

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities

Total Other Income

Net income

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A redeemable ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary non-redeemable
 shares

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B ordinary shares, non-redeemable

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statement. 

F-4 

Table of Contents 

APX ACQUISITION CORP. I 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM MAY 13, 2021 

(INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class B Common Shares

Additional

 Paid-in

Capital

Accumulated

 Deficit

Total

 Shareholders 

 Deficit

Shares

Amount

Balance- May 13, 2021 (inception)

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor

Excess of cash received over fair value of private placement warrants

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net income

Balance-December 31, 2021

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount

Gain on settlement of underwriting fees

Net income

Balance-December 31, 2022

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statement. 

F-5 

Table of Contents 

APX ACQUISITION CORP. I 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

For the Period from May 13, 2021 (inception) Through December 31, 2021

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities:

Change in value of Warrant Liability

() 

() 
 
 Interest earned on marketable securities held in trust

() 

() 
 
 Transaction costs allocated to warrant liabilities

Gain on settlement on deferred underwriting fees

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses

() 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Investment of cash into Trust Account

() 

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid

Proceeds from sale of Private Placements Warrants

Offering costs paid

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net Change in Cash

Cash - Beginning of period

Cash - End of period

Non-cash
 investing and financing activities:

Deferred offering costs by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares

Offering costs included in accrued expenses

Deferred underwriting commissions

Initial measurement of warrants issued in connection with initial public offering accounted for as liabilities

Remeasurement of Class A shares subject to possible redemption

Gain on settlement of underwriting fees

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statement. 

F-6 

Table of Contents 

APX ACQUISITION CORP. I 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. 
 Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement of warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at per share, at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of (Note 4). 
 Transaction costs amounted to , consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. In addition, at December 9, 2021, cash of was held outside of the Trust Account (as defined below) and is available for working capital purposes.
 On February 27, 2023 we held an extraordinary general meeting (the EGM and our shareholders approved an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and to the investment management trust agreement, to change the payment required to extend the Combination Period by two three-month periods. In connection with such vote, the holders of public shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares (and did not withdraw their request for
 redemption) for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately . Following such redemptions, approximately remained in the trust account and public shares remained issued and outstanding. Such remaining amount in the trust account will be distributed either to (i) all holders of public shares upon our liquidation or (ii) holders of public shares who elect to have their shares redeemed in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. 

Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, an amount of from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account located in the United States and will be invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7
 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below. 
 The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. NASDAQ rules provide that the Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least of the balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (less any

or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

The Company will provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. In connection with a proposed Business Combination, the Company may seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders may seek to redeem their shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against a Business Combination. 

If the Company seeks shareholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Company s Certificate of Incorporation provides that, a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent. 
 The public shareholders will 
be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially 
 per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. These Class A ordinary shares will be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

If a shareholder vote is not required and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, offer such redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. 
 The Company s Sponsor has agreed (a) to vote its Founder Shares (Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination, (b) not to propose an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association with respect to the Company s pre-Business
 Combination activities prior to the closing of a Business Combination unless the Company provides remaining dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment; (c) not to redeem any shares (including the Founder Shares) into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a Business Combination (or to sell any shares in a tender offer in connection with a Business Combination if the Company does not seek shareholder approval in connection therewith) or a vote to amend the provisions of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association relating to shareholders rights of pre-Business
 Combination activity and (d) that the Founder Shares shall not participate in any liquidating distributions upon winding up if a Business Combination is not consummated. However, the Sponsor will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering if the Company fails to complete its Business Combination.

 If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within 1 8
 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or within 21 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination in accordance with the terms described in the registration statement for our Initial Public Offering (the Combination Period ), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay taxes (less up to of interest to pay

.

 The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the day of liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure its shareholders that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of the Company s officers or directors will indemnify the Company for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had in cash and a working capital deficit of . 
 The Company s liquidity needs up to December 31, 2022 had been satisfied through a payment from the Sponsor of (Note 5) for the Founder Shares to cover certain offering. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans, as defined below (Note 5). As of December 31, 2022, there were amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. 
 Based on the foregoing, management believes that the Company not
 will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet its needs through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or one year from this filing. Over this time period, the Company will be using these funds for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. 
 Risks and Uncertainties 

Management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19
 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations, and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

in operating cash and a working capital deficit of , respectively. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Account Standards Update ASU 2014-15,
 Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. The Company has until June 9, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution as well as insufficient cash flows raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

and in cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

and , respectively held in the Trust Account which invests only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. 
 share-based compensation expense has been recognized. 
 The fair value at the grant date of the Founder Shares transferred to the Company s directors was approximately or per share. Upon consummation of an initial business combination, the Company will recognize approximately in compensation expense. 
 of the Company s Class A ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted income per share. 
 The Company has two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. The Company applies the two-class
 method in calculating earnings per share. The contractual formula utilized to calculate the redemption amount approximates fair value. The Class feature to redeem at fair value means that there is effectively only one class of stock. Changes in fair value are not considered a dividend for the purposes of the numerator in the earnings per share calculation. Net income per ordinary share is computed by dividing the pro rata net income between the redeemable shares and the non-redeemable
 shares by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for each of the periods. The calculation of diluted income per ordinary stock does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the IPO since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive. 

Denominator

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary shares

unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 
 The Company is considered to be an exempted Cayman Islands company with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, the Company s tax provision was zero for the period s
 presented.

 Based on the Mexican tax regulations, specifically article 9, section II of the Federal Tax Code and articles 2 and 3 of the Mexican Income Tax Law, considering the Company s current and expected presence in the country, it is potentially subject to Mexican income tax with respect to income derived from its activities. As part of the development of its operations in the country, the Company is in the process of registering with the Mexican tax authorities in order to comply with the respective tax obligations for conducting business in the country. Under current tax law, income generated by legal entities resident in Mexico is subject to tax at a rate of 30 percent and losses can be carried forward for a period of 10 years. The Company does not believe it has incurred any material Mexican income taxes or penalties for the period ended December 31, 2022. 

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

were charged to shareholders equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering and were expensed as of the date of the Initial Public Offering.

Units at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of to , consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. 
 Each Unit consists of share of the Company s Class A ordinary shares, par value per share, and 
 Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one share of Class A ordinary shares at an exercise price of per whole share (Note 7). 

ln 

September 2022 , the Company reversed the 
 of deferred underwriting fees as the underwriters resigned from their role in the Business Combination and thereby waived their right of the deferred underwriting commissions (Note 
6) .

 Private Placement Warrants at a price of per warrant, generating total proceeds of to the Company. 
 Each Private Placement Warrant is identical to the warrants offered in the Initial Public Offering, except there will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to Private Placement Warrants when the price per share of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds , which will expire worthless if we do not consummate a Business Combination within the Combination Period.

shares of Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of . The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriter s over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor will collectively own, on an as-converted
 basis, of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Proposed Offering. As of December 31, 2022, all of the over-allotment units had been settled simultaneously with the close of the IPO. Class B ordinary shares were forfeited or subject to forfeiture. 
 Other than as described above, the Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of a Business Combination or (B) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or similar transaction that results in the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their shares of ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the last sale price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading
 day period commencing at least days after the Business Combination, the Founder Shares will be released from the lock-up.

 Promissory Note Related Party 

 On May 21, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to to cover expenses related to the Proposed Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). The Note is n-interest
 bearing and is payable on the earlier of (i) or (ii) the consummation of the Proposed Offering. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not drawn on the Note. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred 

of administrative fees that was paid directly by the Sponsor. The Company reimbursed the Sponsor shortly thereafter, therefore there is 
 related party payable balance outstanding as of 
December 31, 2022 .

 Related Party Loans 

 In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor, or the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of notes may be converted upon consummation of a Business Combination into warrants at a price of per warrant. The warrants will be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The company has not drawn any balance as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

per month for office space and secretarial and administrative support provided to members of the Company s management team. Upon completion of the Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. The Company considered this agreement under the guidance of ASC 842, Leases, and determined that this agreement did not meet the definition of a lease.

F-15

Table of Contents 
 -day
 option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Proposed Offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. As of December 31, 202 2
, the underwriter exercised all of the over-allotment units simultaneously with the close of the IPO. 
 The underwriter was
 entitled to a cash underwriting discount of of the gross proceeds of the Proposed Offering, or as the over-allotment option was exercised in full. In addition, the underwriter w ould
 be entitled to a deferred fee of three and half percent of the gross proceeds of the Proposed Offering, or as the over-allotment option was exercised in full. The deferred fee w ould
 become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 
 Effective as of September 28, 2022, the underwriter from the Initial Public Offering resigned and withdrew from their role in the Business Combination and thereby waived their right to the deferred underwriting commissions in the amount of , which the Company has recorded as a gain on settlement of underwriter fees on the statement of shareholders equity for the year
 ended December 31, 2022 for , which represents the original amount recorded to accumulated deficit, and the remaining balance representing the original amount recorded to the statement s
 of operations of was recorded for the year
 ended December 31, 2022. 
 warrants issued in connection with the Public Offering Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40.
 Such guidance provides that because the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company has classified each warrant as a liability at its fair value. This liability is subject to re-measurement
 at each balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement,
 the warrant liability will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s statement of operations. 
 Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) days after the consummation of a Business Combination or (b) months from the closing of the Proposed Offering. The Public Warrants will expire five years from the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 The Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and will have no obligation to settle such Public Warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. No Public Warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their Public Warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. 

business days, after the closing of a Business Combination, it will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement registering the issuance, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the shares of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, to cause such registration statement to become effective and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the shares of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th business day after the closing of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. 
 Redemption of warrants when the price per Class

 A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00

. Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Warrants for redemption: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of per Warrant; 

upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption, which we refer to as the -day
 redemption period; and 

if, and only if, the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions,
 share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a -trading
 day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (the Reference Value ). 
 The Company will not redeem the warrants as described above unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the -day
 redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if the Company is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 
 Redemption of warrants when the price per Class

 A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00

. Once the Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Warrants for redemption: 

in whole and not in part; 

at per warrant upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption, provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive the number of shares determined by reference to the table set forth under Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares (as defined below); 

if, and only if, the Reference Value (as defined above under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions,
 share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like); and 

if the Reference Value is less than per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions,
 share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), the private placement warrants must also concurrently be called for redemption on the same terms (except as described herein with respect to a holder s ability to cashless exercise its warrants) as the outstanding public warrants, as described above. 
 If and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may not exercise its redemption right if the issuance of shares of common shares upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or the Company is unable to effect such registration or qualification. 

per share of Class A ordinary shares (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the Company s initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of such initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s common shares during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price and the per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 
 The Private Placement Warrants will be identical to the Public Warrants included in the Units being sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants will not and the shares of common shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and will be non-redeemable
 so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 
 shares of par value preferred shares. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, there were preferred shares issued or outstanding. 
 Class

B Ordinary shares

The Company is authorized to issue up to shares of Class B, par value ordinary shares. Holders of the Company s ordinary shares are entitled to for each share. At December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 
 The shares of Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A ordinary shares at the time of the Business Combination on a one-for-one

 basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like. In the case that additional shares of Class A ordinary shares, or equity linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B ordinary shares shall convert into shares of Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as converted basis, of the sum of the total number of all shares of ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all shares of Class A ordinary shares and equity linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination, and any private placement-equivalent warrants issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to the Company). Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their shares of Class B ordinary shares into an equal number of shares of Class A ordinary shares, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time. 

Less:

Proceeds allocated to public warrants classified as Equity

() 
 
 Class A ordinary shares issuance costs

() 
 
 Add:

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2021

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022

Liabilities:

Warrant Liability - Public Warrants (2)

1 

Warrant Liability - Private Warrants (2)

2 

(1) The fair value of the investments held in Trust Account approximates the carrying amount primarily due to the short-term nature. 

(2) Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2 and 3 are recognized at the end of the reporting period. The estimated fair value of the Public Warrants was transferred from a Level 3 measurement to a Level I measurement during the year ended December 31, 2022 when the Public Warrants were separately listed and traded in an active market. The estimated fair value of the Private Warrants was transferred from a Level 3 measurement to a Level 2 measurement during the year ended December 31, 2022, as the key inputs to the valuation model became directly or indirectly observable from the Public Warrants listed price. 

Expected term (years)

Expected volatility

Exercise price

Stock price

The Company s use of a Monte Carlo simulation model required the use of subjective assumptions: 

The risk-free interest rate assumption was based on the five-year U.S. Treasury rate, which was commensurate with the contractual term of the Warrants, which expire on the earlier of (i) five years after the completion of the initial business combination and (ii) upon redemption or liquidation. An increase in the risk-free interest rate, in isolation, would result in an increase in the fair value measurement of the warrant liabilities and vice versa. 

The expected term was determined to be five years, in-line
 with a typical equity investor assumed holding period 

Expected term (years)

Expected volatility

Exercise price

Stock price

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions

() 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022

(1)
 
 Changes in valuation inputs or other assumptions are recognized in the change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the statements of operations. 

into the trust account for a subsequent extension, from June 9, 2023 to September 9, 2023, that we may need to complete an initial business combination. 

On February 28, 2023, we issued an unsecured promissory note (the Promissory Note in an amount of in order to economically facilitate our ability to effect the Extension. The Promissory Note is payable in full on the earlier of (a) our consummation of an initial business combination (as defined in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as it may be amended from time to time) and (b) December 31, 2023 (the earlier of such dates, the Due Date ). On the Due Date, the Company shall (i) pay to the Payee (as defined in the Promissory Note) the outstanding principal amount of the Promissory Note in immediately available 

, rounded up to the nearest whole number of warrants. The terms of the Warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants we issued in connection with our IPO. The Payee shall be entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the Warrants and the shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. 

 On March 1, 2023, we deposited into the trust account in order to effect the extension of the termination date, from March 9, 2023 to June 9, 2023 (the Extension ), and may deposit an additional into the trust account for a subsequent extension, from June 9, 2023 to September 9, 2023, that we may need to complete an initial business combination. 

F-22

<EX-4.5>
 2
 d434145dex45.htm
 EX-4.5

EX-4.5 

Exhibit 4.5 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 The following description sets forth certain material terms and provisions of the securities of APx Acquisition Corp. I we, 
 us or our that are registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The following description of our securities is not complete and may not contain all the
information you should consider before investing in our securities. This description is summarized from, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which are incorporated herein by
reference. The summary below is also qualified by reference to the Companies Act and common law of the Cayman Islands. As of
December 31, 2022, we had three classes of securities registered under the Exchange Act: our Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share; warrants to purchase shares of our Class A ordinary shares; and units consisting of one
Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share. In addition, this Description of Securities also contains a description of our Class B
ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share founder shares ), which are not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act but are convertible into shares of the Class A ordinary shares. The description of the founder
shares is necessary to understand the material terms of the Class A ordinary shares. Units 
 Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each
whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the company s
Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. The Class A
ordinary shares and warrants began separate trading on January 27, 2022 and holders have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component pieces. 
 Ordinary Shares Ordinary shareholders of
record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a
vote of our shareholders except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative
vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote
of a majority of at least two-thirds of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; such actions
include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a
term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment
of directors can appoint all of the directors. However, only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to appoint and remove directors in any general meeting held prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial
business combination, meaning that holders of Class A ordinary shares will not have the right to appoint any directors until after the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, in a vote to continue the company in a
jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (which requires the approval of at least two thirds of the votes of all ordinary shares), holders of our founder shares will have ten votes for every founder share and holders of our Class A ordinary
shares will have one vote for every Class A ordinary share. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 
 Because our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary
shares, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our
shareholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in
each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. 
 1 

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an
annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings or appoint directors. We may not hold an
annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. We will provide our public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our
taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.20 per public share, and such amount may be
increased by 0.20 per unit in the event we decide to extend the time to consummate our business combination by six months, as described herein. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in
order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant
to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Unlike many special purpose acquisition companies that hold
shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not
required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the
redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require these tender offer
documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is
required by law, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, like many special purpose acquisition companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not
pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the
shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the approval of our
initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of an ordinary resolution, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require that at least five days 
notice will be given of any general meeting. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct
redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or
any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the
ordinary shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess
Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a
material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And,
as a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 
 2 

If we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, our
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business
combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 6,508,751, or 37.7 , of the 17,250,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in
order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted). Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote
for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a public shareholder on the record date for the general meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. 
 Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as amended, if we have not completed our initial business
combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO or within 21 months if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination in accordance with the terms described in the registration statement for our initial public
offering (the Combination Period ), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of
interest income to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation
distributions, if any), subject to applicable law and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the
case of clauses (ii) and (iii) our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter
agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the Combination
Period. However, if our sponsor or management team acquire public shares in or after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our
initial business combination within the prescribed time period. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company
after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over
the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their
public shares for cash at a per-share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to
us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein. 
 Founder Shares The founder shares are
designated as Class B ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold in our initial public offering, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as
public shareholders, except that (i) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions contained in a letter agreement that our initial shareholders, directors and officers have entered into with us, as described in more detail
below, (ii) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights; (iii) pursuant to such letter agreement, our initial shareholders, officers and directors have agreed to (A) waive their redemption rights with respect to their
founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (B) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an
amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares
if we have not consummated an initial business combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity, (C) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period, although they will be
entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period 
 3 

and (D) vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in
favor of our initial business combination, (iv) the founder shares are automatically convertible into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, (v) only holders of Class B
ordinary shares will have the right to appoint directors in any general meeting held prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and (vi) in a vote to continue the company in a jurisdiction outside the
Cayman Islands (which requires the approval of at least two thirds of the votes of all ordinary shares), holders of our founder shares will have ten votes for every founder share and holders of our Class A ordinary shares will have one vote for
every Class A ordinary share. The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or
immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share
 sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary
shares or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, 20 of the
total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or
deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any
Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our
sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans; provided that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one 
basis. The term equity-linked securities refers to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for our Class A ordinary shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with our initial
business combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt. Pursuant to an agreement that our initial
shareholders, directors and officers have entered into with us, with certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our
sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, the closing price
of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20
trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, and (B) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we
complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 
 Register of Members Under Cayman Islands
law, we must keep a register of members and there will be entered therein: 

the names and addresses of the members, a statement of the shares held by each member, and of the amount paid or
agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member and the voting rights of shares of each member (and whether such voting rights are conditional); 

the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and 

the date on which any person ceased to be a member. 
 Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e. the register of
members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members will be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name
in the register of members. Upon the closing of this public offering, the register of members will be immediately updated to reflect the issue of shares by us. Once our register of members has been updated, the shareholders recorded in the register
of members will be deemed to have legal 
 4 

title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether the register
of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the
correct legal position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to
 re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. Preferred Shares 
 Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize 1,000,000 preferred shares and provide that preferred shares may be
issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications,
limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors will be able to, without shareholder approval, issue preferred shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and
other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preferred shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change
of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred shares outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preferred shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. 
 Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants 
 Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to
adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination and 12 months from the close of the IPO, provided, in each case, that we have an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or we permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis
under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement) and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a
warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the
units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least two units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at
5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. We will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary
shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the
warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration or a valid exemption from registration is available, including in connection with a
cashless exercise permitted as a result of a notice of redemption described below under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00. No warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a
cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the issuance of the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered or qualified under the
securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants, or an exemption is available. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of
such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the
exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit. 
 We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than fifteen (15) business days after the closing of our initial
business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants. We will
use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective 
 5 

within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until
the expiration or redemption of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the issuance of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the
sixtieth (60th) business day after the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective
registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any
exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants
who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a) (9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement,
and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In the case of a cashless exercise, each holder would
pay the exercise price by surrendering each such warrant for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying
the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (as defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant. The fair market value as
used in the preceding sentence shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent.
 Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 18.00 
 Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement
warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the
 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within
a 30-trading day period ending three business days before we send to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (which we refer to as the Reference Value equals or exceeds 18.00 per share
(as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments ). 
 If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the
underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. However, we will not redeem the warrants as described above unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. 
 We have established the last of the redemption criteria discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a
significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled
redemption date. Any such exercise would not be done on a cashless basis and would require the exercising warrant holder to pay the exercise price for each warrant being exercised. However, the price of the Class A ordinary shares
may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments as well as
the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 
 6 

Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds
 10.00 Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption; provided that holders
will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A
ordinary shares (as defined below) except as otherwise described below; 

if, and only if, the Reference Value (as defined above under the heading Redemption of Warrants When
the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 18.00 equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the
heading Anti-dilution Adjustments and 

if the Reference Value is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares
issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments the private placement warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding
public warrants, as described above. During the period beginning on the date the notice of redemption is given, holders
may elect to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The numbers in the table below represent the number of Class A ordinary shares that a warrant holder will receive upon such cashless exercise in connection with a redemption by us
pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for 0.10
per warrant), determined for these purposes based on volume-weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of
warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one
business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends. Pursuant to the warrant
agreement, references above to Class A ordinary shares shall include a security other than Class A ordinary shares into which the Class A ordinary shares have been converted or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving
company in our initial business combination. The numbers in the table below will not be adjusted when determining the number of
Class A ordinary shares to be issued upon exercise of the warrants if we are not the surviving entity following our initial business combination. 
 The share prices set forth in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable
upon exercise of a warrant or the exercise price of the warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below. If the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share
prices in the column headings will equal the share prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the exercise price of the warrant after such adjustment and the denominator of which is the price of
the warrant immediately prior to such adjustment. In such an event, the number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted by multiplying such share amounts by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise
of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. If the exercise price of the warrant is adjusted (a) in the case of an adjustment
pursuant to the fifth paragraph under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the
higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments and the denominator of which is 10.00 and (b) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the second paragraph under
the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price less the decrease in the exercise price of a warrant pursuant to such exercise price adjustment.

Fair Market Value of Class A Ordinary Shares 

Redemption Date (period to 
 expiration of warrants) 

11.00 

12.00 

13.00 

14.00 

15.00 

16.00 

17.00 

> 18.00 

60 months 

0.261 

0.281 

0.297 

0.311 

0.324 

0.337 

0.348 

0.358 

0.361 

57 months 

0.257 

0.277 

0.294 

0.310 

0.324 

0.337 

0.348 

0.358 

0.361 

54 months 

0.252 

0.272 

0.291 

0.307 

0.322 

0.335 

0.347 

0.357 

0.361 

51 months 

0.246 

0.268 

0.287 

0.304 

0.320 

0.333 

0.346 

0.357 

0.361 

7 

Fair Market Value of Class A Ordinary Shares 

Redemption Date (period to 
 expiration of warrants) 

11.00 

12.00 

13.00 

14.00 

15.00 

16.00 

17.00 

> 18.00 

48 months 

0.241 

0.263 

0.283 

0.301 

0.317 

0.332 

0.344 

0.356 

0.361 

45 months 

0.235 

0.258 

0.279 

0.298 

0.315 

0.330 

0.343 

0.356 

0.361 

42 months 

0.228 

0.252 

0.274 

0.294 

0.312 

0.328 

0.342 

0.355 

0.361 

39 months 

0.221 

0.246 

0.269 

0.290 

0.309 

0.325 

0.340 

0.354 

0.361 

36 months 

0.213 

0.239 

0.263 

0.285 

0.305 

0.323 

0.339 

0.353 

0.361 

33 months 

0.205 

0.232 

0.257 

0.280 

0.301 

0.320 

0.337 

0.352 

0.361 

30 months 

0.196 

0.224 

0.250 

0.274 

0.297 

0.316 

0.335 

0.351 

0.361 

27 months 

0.185 

0.214 

0.242 

0.268 

0.291 

0.313 

0.332 

0.350 

0.361 

24 months 

0.173 

0.204 

0.233 

0.260 

0.285 

0.308 

0.329 

0.348 

0.361 

21 months 

0.161 

0.193 

0.223 

0.252 

0.279 

0.304 

0.326 

0.347 

0.361 

18 months 

0.146 

0.179 

0.211 

0.242 

0.271 

0.298 

0.322 

0.345 

0.361 

15 months 

0.130 

0.164 

0.197 

0.230 

0.262 

0.291 

0.317 

0.342 

0.361 

12 months 

0.111 

0.146 

0.181 

0.216 

0.250 

0.282 

0.312 

0.339 

0.361 

9 months 

0.090 

0.125 

0.162 

0.199 

0.237 

0.272 

0.305 

0.336 

0.361 

6 months 

0.065 

0.099 

0.137 

0.178 

0.219 

0.259 

0.296 

0.331 

0.361 

3 months 

0.034 

0.065 

0.104 

0.150 

0.197 

0.243 

0.286 

0.326 

0.361 

0 months 

0.042 

0.115 

0.179 

0.233 

0.281 

0.323 

0.361 
 
 The exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the
fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued for each warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line
interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For
example, if the volume-weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11.00 per share, and
at such time there are 57 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. 
 For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume-weighted average
price of our Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until
the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable in connection with
this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). Finally, as reflected in the table above, if the warrants are out of the money and about to expire, they cannot be exercised on a cashless
basis in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, since they will not be exercisable for any Class A ordinary shares. 
 This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the Class A ordinary shares are
trading at or above 10.00 per share, which may be at a time when the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to
redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth above under Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 18.00. Holders choosing to
exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility input as of November 19, 2021. This
redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or
redeemed. We will be required to pay the applicable redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it is in our best
interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders. As stated above, we can
redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50, because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while
providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price below the exercise
price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer Class A ordinary shares than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for Class A ordinary shares if and when such
Class A ordinary shares were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. 
 8 

No fractional Class A ordinary shares will be issued upon exercise or redemption. If,
upon exercise or redemption, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of
redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance, if we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be
exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, the company (or surviving company) will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Securities
Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. Redemption Procedures . A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing
in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the
warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other amount as specified by the holder) of the Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 
 Anti-dilution Adjustments . If the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a share capitalization
payable in Class A ordinary shares, or by a split-up of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization, split-up 
or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the issued and outstanding ordinary shares. A rights offering to holders of ordinary shares
entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the historical fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a share capitalization of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of
(i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and
(ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into
or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise
or conversion and (ii) historical fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on
which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 
 In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or
other assets to the holders of Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) any ordinary cash dividends
or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A ordinary shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of
declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share dividends, rights issuances, consolidations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) but only with respect to
the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial business
combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or
timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to
any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete
our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each
Class A ordinary share in respect of such event. If the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased
by a consolidation, combination, reverse share split or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split, reclassification or similar event,
the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares. 
 9 

Whenever the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the
warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of Class A
ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. 
 In addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in
connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board
of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued
Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the completion of our initial
business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume-weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we complete our initial
business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued
Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price referred to above under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 and Redemption of warrants when the price per
Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price referred to above
under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 
 In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that
solely affects the par value of such Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does
not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or
substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the
Class A ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of Class A ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon
such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such
event. However, if such holders were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other
assets receivable upon such merger or consolidation, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets for which each warrant will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by
such holders in such merger or consolidation that affirmatively make such election, and if a tender, exchange or redemption offer has been made to and accepted by such holders (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer made by the company in
connection with redemption rights held by shareholders of the company as provided for in the company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or as a result of the redemption of Class A ordinary shares by the company
if a proposed initial business combination is presented to the shareholders of the company for approval) under circumstances in which, upon completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within
the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule
 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 
under the Exchange Act) more than 50 of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, the holder of a warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have
been entitled as a shareholder if such warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the Class A ordinary shares held by such holder had been purchased pursuant
to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustment (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement. 
 10 

Additionally, if less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of
Class A ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A ordinary shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the
warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the
warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants
otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants. The warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant
agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that (a) the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of
(i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in this prospectus, or defective provision,
(ii) to make any amendments that are necessary in the good faith determination of our board of directors (taking into account then existing market precedents) to allow for the warrants to be classified as equity in our financial statements
(provided that any modifications or amendments that would increase the warrant price or shorten the exercise period shall require the approval of the warrant holders in accordance with the warrant agreement), or (iii) adding or changing any
provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the
warrants under the warrant agreement and (b) all other modifications or amendments require the vote or written consent of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants; provided that any amendment that solely affects the terms of the
private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement solely with respect to the private placement warrants will also require at least 65 of the then outstanding private placement warrants. 
 The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant
agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable
to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the
issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 
 No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a
fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number, the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. 
 Exclusive Forum Provision . Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim
against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent
an inconvenient forum. Private Placement Warrants 
 The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants) will not be transferable,
assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions as described under Principal Shareholders Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement
Warrants, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities respectively affiliated with our sponsor) and they will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor, members of our sponsor or its permitted transferees.
Each of the sponsor or its permitted transferees, have the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. Except as described below, the private placement warrants have 
 11 

terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in our initial public offering. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than
the sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in our initial public offering. 
 Except as described under Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 10.00, if
holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by
dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the historical fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares (defined below) over the exercise price
of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes, the historical fair market value will mean the average reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading
day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the sponsor or its permitted
transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited.
We expect to have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our
securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public shareholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the Class A ordinary shares received upon
such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a
cashless basis is appropriate. Dividends 
 We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any
cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the
foreseeable future. If we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 
 Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent The
transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and
warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross
negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity. Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company has agreed that it has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind to, or to any monies in, the trust account, and has irrevocably waived any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or to any monies in, the trust account that it may have now or in the future. Accordingly, any indemnification
provided will only be able to be satisfied, or a claim will only be able to be pursued, solely against us and our assets outside the trust account and not against the any monies in the trust account or interest earned thereon. 
 Certain Differences in Corporate Law 
 Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law
statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws
applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. 
 12 

Mergers and Similar Arrangements . In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows
for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction (provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). 
 Where the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger
or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan of merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (usually a majority of two-thirds in value of
the voting shares voted at a shareholders meeting) of the shareholders of each company; or (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is
required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that holds issued shares that together represent 90 of the votes at a general meeting of the subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company, if a copy of the plan of merger is given to
every member of each subsidiary company to be merged unless that member agrees otherwise. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the
Cayman Island Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. 
 Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that where the surviving or consolidated company
is the Cayman Islands exempted company the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is required to be satisfied in respect of any constituent overseas company that: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the
constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with;
(ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator
or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has been
entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended or restricted; (v) that the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or
consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (vi) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company
(a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company; and (c) the laws of the
jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (vii) that the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under
the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (viii) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation. The requirements set out in sections (i) to (viii) above shall be
met by a director of the Cayman Islands exempted company making a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that such requirements have been met, such declaration to include a statement of the assets and
liabilities of the foreign company made up to the latest practicable date before making the declaration. Where the above procedures are
adopted, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of his shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is
as follows (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for
his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each
shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his intention to dissent including, among other
details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or
consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair
value and if the company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree a price
within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine
 
 13 

the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been
reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any
dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain
circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares
to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. 
 Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain
circumstances, schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount
to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the
arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or
creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at a meeting, or meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand
Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: 

the company is not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of its corporate authority and the statutory
provisions as to dual majority vote have been complied with; 

the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; 

the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and 

the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act
or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described
below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to
dissenting shareholders of United States corporations. Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation
may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements, of an operating business. 
 Squeeze-out Provisions . When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the
shares to whom the offer relates is made within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An
objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. 
 Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other
than these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements, of an operating business. 
 Shareholder Suits . Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel is not aware of any reported class action having
been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim
based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in all
likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: 

a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; 
 14 

the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by
more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or 

those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 
 A shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to
be infringed. Enforcement of Civil Liabilities . The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the
United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the Federal courts of the United States. 
 We have been advised by Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely
(i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the
Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those
circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent
jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a
foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same
matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to
be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 
 Special Considerations for Exempted Companies . We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies
Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but
conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed
below: 

an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies;

an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection and can be kept outside the Cayman
Islands; 

an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting; 

an exempted company may issue shares with no par value; 

an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings
are usually given for 20 years in the first instance); and 

an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman
Islands; 
 15 

Limited liability means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the
amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be
prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 
 The Business Combination Article of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contains provisions designed to provide
certain rights and protections relating to our initial public offering that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions (other than amendments relating to provisions governing the appointment or
removal of directors prior to our initial business combination, which require the approval of a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary shares attending and voting in a general meeting) cannot be amended without a special resolution. As a matter of
Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of
association) of a company s shareholders at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association,
by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Other than as described above, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. 
 Our initial shareholders, who collectively beneficially own 20 of our ordinary shares upon the closing of our initial public offering), will
participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide,
among other things, that: 

If we have not completed our initial business combination within the Combination Period, we will (i) cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest income to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of
then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims
of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law; 

Prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders
thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on our initial business combination; 

Although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our
sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a
member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

If a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a
shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC
prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act;

We must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the
net assets held in the trust account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes and excluding the deferred underwriting commissions held in trust) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination;
 
 16 

If our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
(A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the Combination
Period or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity
to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein; and 

We will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company
with nominal operations. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide we will
not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in
connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into following our initial public offering, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets
requirement. The Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association
with the approval of a special resolution. A company s articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company
may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association provides otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and
business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to
amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. Certain
Anti-Takeover Provisions of Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association Our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association provide that our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors. Prior to our initial business combination, only the holders of our Class B ordinary shares will be entitled to vote on the
appointment and removal of our directors. Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and preferred shares are available for
future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and
unreserved Class A ordinary shares and preferred shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 
 Securities Eligible for Future Sale We
have 21,562,500 ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Of these shares, the 17,250,000 Class A ordinary shares are freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased by one of
our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining 4,312,500 founder shares and all 8,950,000 private placement warrants are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private
transactions not involving a public offering, and are subject to transfer restrictions as set forth in the prospectus for our initial public offering. 
 Rule 144 Pursuant to Rule 144, a person
who has beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the
three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. 
 17 

Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months
but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of
securities that does not exceed the greater of: 

1 of the total number of ordinary shares then outstanding, which will currently equal 215,625; or

the average weekly reported trading volume of the Class A ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks
preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also
limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. Restrictions on the Use
of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by
shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are
met: 

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company;

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act; 

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable,
during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and 

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC
reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. As a result, our initial shareholders will be able to
sell their founder shares and private placement warrants, as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. 
 Registration Rights The holders of the
founder shares, private placement warrants and any warrants that may be issued on conversion of working capital loans (and any ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the
working capital loans and upon conversion of the founder shares) are be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement requiring us to register such securities for resale. The holders of these securities are entitled to
make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of
our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Listing of
Securities Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants have been approved for trading on Nasdaq under the symbols
 APXIU, APXI and APXIW, respectively. 
 18 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 d434145dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Daniel Braatz, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of APx Acquisition
Corp. I (the Company 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared; 

b. 
 [Paragraph intentionally omitted in accordance with SEC Release Nos.
 34-47986 and 34-54942]; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control
over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Daniel Braatz 

Daniel Braatz 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 d434145dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Xavier Martinez, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of APx Acquisition
Corp. I (the Company 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared; 

b. 
 [Paragraph intentionally omitted in accordance with SEC Release Nos.
 34-47986 and 34-54942]; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control
over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Xavier Martinez 

Xavier Martinez 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 d434145dex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Each of the undersigned officers of APx Acquisition Corp. I (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to each of their respective knowledge: 

1. 
 The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Daniel Braatz 

Daniel Braatz 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Xavier Martinez 

Xavier Martinez 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and
shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be
incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 apxi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 apxi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 apxi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 apxi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

