<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230303_10-K_edgar_data_1585389_0000950170-23-005961.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>43508367</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>674899</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3271207</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>23217458</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4982784</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>10235141</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>19</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-005961.hdr.sgml : 20230303
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230303134338
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-005961
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		110
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230303
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230303

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001585389
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				461722812
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55617
		FILM NUMBER:		23702974

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 TERRACE ROAD
		CITY:			LADERA RANCH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92694
		BUSINESS PHONE:		949 429 6600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 TERRACE ROAD
		CITY:			LADERA RANCH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92694

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Strategic Storage Trust II, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130828

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-005961.txt : 20230303

10-K
 1
 ck0001585389-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

None 
 None 
 None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer 

Accelerated Filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial account standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 There is currently established public market for the registrant s shares of common stock. 
 As of March 1, 2023, there were outstanding shares of Class A common stock and outstanding shares of Class T common stock of the registrant. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 
 3 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 9 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 33 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 34 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 35 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 35 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 36 

ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 
 46 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 47 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 63 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 64 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 64 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 65 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 65 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 65 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 66 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 66 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 66 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 66 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 66 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 67 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 67 

SIGNATURES 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 F- 1 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements contained in this Form 10-K of SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc., other than historical facts, may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We intend for all such forward-looking statements to be covered by the applicable safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, as applicable. Such forward-looking statements can generally be identified by our use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, expect, intend, anticipate, estimate, believe, seek, continue, or other similar words. 
 Any such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the industry and markets in which we operate, and beliefs of, and assumptions made by, our management and involve uncertainties that could significantly affect our financial results. Such statements include, but are not limited to: (i) statements about our plans, strategies, initiatives, and prospects; and (ii) statements about our future results of operations, capital expenditures, and liquidity. Such statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated, including, without limitation: 
 We have paid, and may continue to pay, distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations; therefore, we will have fewer funds available for the acquisition of properties, and our stockholders overall return may be reduced. 

There is currently no public trading market for our shares and there may never be one; therefore, it will be difficult for our stockholders to sell their shares. Our charter does not require us to pursue a liquidity transaction at any time. 

Our share redemption program is currently suspended, and even if stockholders are able to have their shares redeemed, our stockholders may not be able to recover the amount of their investment in our shares. 

We have issued Series A Convertible Preferred Stock that ranks senior to all common stock and grants the holder superior rights compared to common stockholders, which may have the effect of diluting our stockholders interests in us and discouraging a takeover or other similar transaction. 

We may only calculate the estimated value per share for our shares annually and, therefore, our stockholders may not be able to determine the estimated net asset value of their shares on an ongoing basis. 

Our future results may suffer as a result of the effect of recent affiliated mergers, acquisitions and other strategic transactions. 

Certain of our officers and key personnel will face competing demands relating to their time and will face conflicts of interest related to the positions they hold with affiliated entities, which could cause our business to suffer. 

Revenue and earnings from the Managed REIT Platform are uncertain. 

A subsidiary of ours is the sponsor of the Managed REITs and may sponsor additional future programs. As a result, we could be subject to any litigation that may arise by investors in those entities or the respective operations of those entities. 

Because we are focused on the self storage industry, our rental revenues will be significantly influenced by demand for self storage space generally, and a decrease in such demand would likely have a greater adverse effect on our rental revenues than if we owned a more diversified real estate portfolio. 

A high concentration of our properties in a particular geographic area would magnify the effects of downturns in that geographic area. 

Property taxes may increase, which would adversely affect our net operating income and cash available for distributions. 

If we suffer losses that are not covered by insurance or that are in excess of insurance coverage, we could lose invested capital and anticipated profits. 

Changes in the Canadian Dollar/USD exchange rate could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and value of the investment of our stockholders. 

1 

We have broad authority to incur debt, and high debt levels could hinder our ability to continue to pay distributions at the current rate and could decrease the value of our stockholders investments. 

We have incurred and intend to continue to incur, mortgage indebtedness and other borrowings, which may increase our business risks. 

If we or the other parties to our loans or secured notes payable, as applicable, breach covenants thereunder, such loan or loans or secured notes payable could be deemed in default, which could accelerate our repayment date and materially adversely affect the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

Increases in interest rates could increase the amount of our debt payments and adversely affect our ability to continue to pay distributions at the current rate to our stockholders. 

Failure to continue to qualify as a REIT would adversely affect our operations and our ability to continue to pay distributions at our current level as we will incur additional tax liabilities. 

Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date this report is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not intended to be a guarantee of our performance in future periods. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any such forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K, and we do not intend to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 For further information regarding risks and uncertainties associated with our business, and important factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements, please refer to the factors listed and described under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the Risk Factors sections of the documents we file from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including, but not limited to, this report and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, copies of which may be obtained from our website at www.investors.smartstopselfstorage.com. 
 2 

PAR T I 
 ITEM 1. 	 BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), is a self-managed and fully-integrated self storage real estate investment trust REIT ), formed on January 8, 2013 under the Maryland General Corporation Law. Our year-end is December 31. As used in this report, we, us, our, and Company refer to SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. and each of our subsidiaries. 
 Business Objectives and Strategy 
 We focus on the ownership, operation, and acquisition of self storage properties located primarily within the top 100 metropolitan statistical areas, or MSAs, throughout the United States and the top census metropolitan areas, or CMAs, in Canada. According to the Inside Self Storage Top-Operators List for 2022, we are the 11th largest owner and operator of self storage properties in the United States based on number of properties, units, and rentable square footage. As of December 31, 2022, our wholly-owned portfolio consisted of 153 self storage properties diversified across 19 states and the Greater Toronto Area of Ontario, Canada comprising approximately 103,000 units and 11.8 million net rentable square feet. Additionally, we had 50 equity interests in ten unconsolidated real estate ventures located in the Greater Toronto Area, which consisted of seven operating self storage properties and two parcels of land currently under development into self storage facilities, and one single tenant industrial building, which we plan to convert into a self storage property over the long term. Further, through our Managed REIT Platform (as defined below), we serve as the sponsor of Strategic Storage Trust VI, Inc., a publicly-registered non-traded REIT SST VI ), and Strategic Storage Growth Trust III, Inc., a private company that intends to elect to qualify as a REIT SSGT III and together with SST VI, the Managed REITs ), both of which pay us fees to manage these programs and manage their 19 operating self storage properties (as of December 31, 2022). 
 Our primary business model is focused on owning and operating high quality self storage properties in high growth markets in the United States and Canada. We finance our portfolio through a diverse capital strategy which includes cash generated from operations, borrowings under our syndicated revolving line of credit, secured and unsecured debt financing, equity offerings and joint ventures. Our business model is designed to maximize cash flow available for distribution to our stockholders and to achieve sustainable long-term growth in cash flow in order to maximize long-term stockholder value at acceptable levels of risk. We execute our organic growth strategy by pursuing revenue-optimizing and expense-minimizing opportunities in the operations of our existing portfolio. We execute our external growth strategy by developing, redeveloping, acquiring and managing self storage facilities in the United States and Canada both internally and through our Managed REITs and we look to acquire properties that are physically stabilized, recently developed, in various stages of lease up or at certificate of occupancy. We seek to acquire under-managed facilities that are not operated by institutional operators, where we can implement our proprietary management and technology platforms to maximize net operating income. 
 As an operating business, self storage requires a much greater focus on strategic planning and tactical operation plans. Our in-house call center allows us to centralize our sales efforts as we capture new business over the phone, email, web-based chat, and text mediums. As we have grown our portfolio of self storage facilities, we have been able to consolidate and streamline a number of aspects of our operations through economies of scale. For example, we have implemented a blanket property and casualty insurance program over all properties owned or managed by us nationwide which, coupled with our size and geographic diversification, reduces our total insurance costs per property. We also utilize our digital marketing breadth and expertise which allows us to acquire customers efficiently by leveraging our portfolio size and technological proficiency. To the extent we acquired facilities in clusters within geographic regions, we see property management efficiencies resulting in reduction of personnel and other administrative costs. 
 As discussed herein, we, through our subsidiaries, currently serve as the sponsor of SST VI and SSGT III. We also served as the sponsor of Strategic Storage Trust IV, Inc., a public non-traded REIT SST IV through March 17, 2021, and Strategic Storage Growth Trust II, Inc., a private REIT SSGT II through June 1, 2022. Prior to March 17, 2021 and June 1, 2022, SST IV and SSGT II, respectively, were also included in the Managed REITs. We operate the properties owned by the Managed REITs, consisting of, as of December 31, 2022, 19 operating properties and approximately 14,600 units and approximately 1.8 million rentable square feet. In addition, we have the internal capability to originate, structure and manage additional self storage investment programs (the Managed REIT Platform which would be sponsored by SmartStop REIT Advisors, LLC SRA ), our indirect subsidiary. We generate asset management fees, property management fees, acquisition fees, and other fees and also receive substantially all of the tenant protection program revenue earned by our Managed REITs. For the property management and advisory services that we provide, we are reimbursed for certain expenses that otherwise helps to offset our net operating expense burden. 

3 

Investment Objectives 
 
 We focus on investing in self storage facilities and related self storage real estate investments that are expected to support sustainable stockholder distributions over the long term. Our primary investment objectives are to: (1) invest in real property in a manner that allows us to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes; (2) provide regular cash distributions to our stockholders; (3) preserve and protect our stockholders invested capital; (4) achieve appreciation in the value of our properties over the long term; and (5) grow net cash flow from operations in order to provide sustainable cash distributions to our stockholders over the long-term. 
 
 Our management team has experience acquiring self storage facilities across a broad spectrum of opportunities including physically stabilized facilities, recently developed facilities in physical or economic lease up, facilities that have just received a certificate of occupancy C/O ), facilities in need of renovation and/or re-development and ground up development. We have adopted an investment allocation policy, pursuant to which we will have first priority for investment opportunities, and if we decline any such opportunity, we will allocate it to another program sponsored by us after considering various factors. In considering and evaluating potential acquisition opportunities, and to augment our seasoned acquisition team, we employ our proprietary underwriting methodology. We believe that we maintain a competitive advantage in acquiring facilities given the scale of our business and the experience and industry relationships of our team. We maintain a network of self storage operators, real estate brokers and other market participants in the U.S. and Canada, which gives us unique insight into new and highly desirable acquisition opportunities. 
 
 Liquidity Events 
 
 Subject to then-existing market conditions, and in the sole discretion of our board of directors, we intend to seek one or more of the following liquidity events within the next few years: (1) list our shares on a national securities exchange; (2) merge, reorganize or otherwise transfer our company or its assets to another entity with listed securities; (3) commence the sale of all of our properties and liquidate our company; or (4) otherwise create a liquidity event for our stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, there is no requirement for us to complete one of these liquidity events and our board of directors has the sole discretion to continue operations indefinitely if it deems such continuation to be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 
 Joint Ventures 
 
 We may enter into joint ventures, general partnerships, co-tenancies and other participations with real estate developers, owners and others for the purpose of owning and leasing real properties. Among other reasons, we may want to acquire properties through a joint venture with third parties or affiliates in order to diversify our portfolio of properties in terms of geographic region or property type or to co-invest with one of our property management partners. Joint ventures may also allow us to acquire an interest in a property without requiring that we fund the entire purchase price. In addition, certain properties may be available to us only through joint ventures. For example, in connection with the Self Administration Transaction (defined below), we acquired a joint venture arrangement with SmartCentres Real Estate Investment Trust, an unaffiliated third party SmartCentres ), pursuant to which we and SmartCentres work together to identify primarily self storage development opportunities in certain regions in Canada. On March 17, 2021, we acquired six SmartCentres joint venture properties in the SST IV Merger (defined below). On June 1, 2022, we acquired three SmartCentres joint ventures in the SSGT II Merger (defined below). Additionally, on May 25, 2022, we, as 50 owner and SmartCentres as the other 50 owner of a joint venture subsidiary, purchased a single tenant industrial building located in the city of Burnaby, British Columbia (the Regent Property ), that we and SmartCentres intend to develop into a self storage facility in the future. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, on January 12, 2023 we as 50 owner and SmartCentres as the other 50 owner of a joint venture subsidiary, acquired a parcel of land in Whitby, Ontario (the Whitby Property ), that we and SmartCentres intend to develop into a self storage facility in the future. Generally, SmartCentres has been responsible for the development of the properties and we have been responsible for the operation of the facilities upon completion. For more information, please see Note 4 Investments in Unconsolidated Real Estate Ventures of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 4 

Completed Transactions 
 
 SST IV Merger 
 
 On March 17, 2021, we closed on an all-stock merger with SST IV (the SST IV Merger ). 
 
 As a result, we acquired all of the real estate owned by SST IV, consisting of (i) 24 self storage facilities located in 9 states comprising approximately 18,000 self storage units and approximately 2.0 million net rentable square feet, and (ii) SST IV s 50 equity interest in six unconsolidated real estate ventures located in the Greater Toronto Area of Ontario, Canada (the SST IV JV Properties ). As of the merger date, the SST IV JV Properties consisted of three operating self storage properties and three parcels of land in various stages of development into self storage facilities, jointly owned with subsidiaries of SmartCentres. As of December 31, 2022, two of the development joint venture properties had been completed and had begun operations. 
 
 As a result of the SST IV Merger, approximately 23.1 million shares of SmartStop class A common stock Class A Shares were issued in exchange for approximately 10.6 million shares of SST IV common stock. 
 
 The 24 SST IV operating properties were included in our operations for the 12 months ended December 31, 2022, and revenue associated therewith was approximately 35.5 million. 
 
 SSGT II Merger 
 
 On June 1, 2022, we closed on our merger with SSGT II (the SSGT II Merger ). 
 
 As a result, we acquired all of the real estate owned by SSGT II, consisting of (i) 10 wholly-owned self storage facilities located in seven states comprising approximately 7,740 self storage units and approximately 853,900 net rentable square feet, and (ii) SSGT II s 50 equity interest in three unconsolidated real estate ventures located in the Greater Toronto Area of Ontario, Canada. As of the merger date, the unconsolidated real estate ventures consisted of one operating self storage property and two parcels of land being developed into self storage facilities, with subsidiaries of SmartCentres owning the other 50 of such entities. Additionally, we obtained SSGT II's rights to acquire (i) one parcel of land being developed into a self storage facility in an unconsolidated joint venture with SmartCentres, and (ii) a self storage property located in Southern California. As of December 31, 2022, one of the development joint venture properties had been completed and had begun operations. 
 
 As a result of the SSGT II Merger, approximately 11.5 million shares of SmartStop Class A common stock Class A Shares were issued in exchange for approximately 12.7 million shares of SSGT II common stock. 
 
 The 10 SSGT II operating properties were included in our operations for the last seven months of the year ended December 31, 2022, and revenue associated therewith was approximately 8.8 million. 
 
 2032 Private Placement Notes 
 
 On April 19, 2022, we as guarantor, and SmartStop OP, L.P. (our Operating Partnership as issuer, entered into a note purchase agreement (the Note Purchase Agreement ), pursuant to which we issued 150 million of 4.53 Senior Notes due April 19, 2032 (the 2032 Private Placement Notes ). The proceeds were used primarily to pay off existing debt and to pay off certain existing indebtedness of SSGT II in connection with the SSGT II Merger. See Note 5 Debt, for additional information. 
 
 Credit Facility 
 
 On March 17, 2021, we, through our Operating Partnership, entered into a credit facility with KeyBank, National Association as administrative agent, with an initial aggregate commitment of 500 million (the Credit Facility ), which consisted of a 250 million revolving credit facility and a 250 million term loan. We used the initial draw proceeds of approximately 451 million primarily to pay off certain existing indebtedness as well as indebtedness of SST IV in connection with the SST IV Merger. 
 
 On October 7, 2021, we amended the Credit Facility to increase the commitments on the revolving credit facility by 200 million, to 450 million. As a result of this amendment, the aggregate commitment under the Credit Facility is now 700 million. 
 5 

On April 19, 2022, we amended the Credit Facility to facilitate the issuance of the 2032 Private Placement Notes, make conforming changes between the Note Purchase Agreement and the Credit Facility, and to transition from London Interbank Offer Rate LIBOR to secured overnight financing rate SOFR for floating rate borrowings. 
 
 See Note 5 Debt, for additional information. 
 Self Administration Transaction 
 On June 28, 2019, we acquired the self storage advisory, asset management and property management businesses and certain joint venture interests of Strategic Asset Management I, LLC (f/k/a SmartStop Asset Management, LLC), our former sponsor SAM ), along with certain other assets of SAM (collectively, the Self Administration Transaction ). As a result of the Self Administration Transaction, we became self-managed and now, through our subsidiaries, serve as the sponsor of the Managed REITs. In addition, we have the internal capability to originate, structure and manage additional investment products (the Managed REIT Platform which would be sponsored by SmartStop REIT Advisors, LLC SRA ), our indirect subsidiary. See Note 10 Related Party Transactions of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, for more information. 
 Equity 
 The Company was formed on January 8, 2013, under the Maryland General Corporation Law. We commenced our initial public offering in January 2014, in which we offered a maximum of 1.0 billion in common shares for sale to the public (the Primary Offering and 95.0 million in common shares for sale pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan (collectively, the Offering ), marketed and sold primarily through retail investor channels, including the independent broker dealer channel. At the termination of our Offering in January 2017, we had sold approximately 48 million Class A Shares and approximately 7 million shares of class T common stock Class T Shares for approximately 493 million and 73 million respectively. 
 In November 2016, we filed with the SEC a Registration Statement on Form S-3, which registered up to an additional 100.9 million in shares under our distribution reinvestment plan (our DRP Offering ). The DRP Offering may be terminated at any time upon 10 days prior written notice to stockholders. As of December 31, 2022, we had sold approximately 7.2 million Class A Shares and approximately 1.0 million Class T Shares for approximately 77.8 million and 11.1 million, respectively, in our DRP Offering. On March 7, 2022, our board of directors approved the suspension of our DRP Offering such that distributions for the month of March 2022, payable on April 15, 2022, will be paid in cash, and thereafter, until such suspension is removed, if ever. 
 On October 29, 2019 (the Commitment Date ), we entered into a preferred stock purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Extra Space Storage LP (the Investor ), a subsidiary of Extra Space Storage Inc. (NYSE: EXR), pursuant to which the Investor committed to purchase up to 200 million in shares (the aggregate shares to be purchased, the Preferred Shares of our newly-created Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock ), in one or more closings (each, a Closing, and collectively, the Closings ). The initial closing (the Initial Closing in the amount of 150 million occurred on the Commitment Date, and the second and final closing in the amount of 50 million occurred on October 26, 2020. 
 On December 6, 2022, our board of directors, upon recommendation of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, approved an estimated net asset value per share of our common stock of 15.21 for our Class A Shares and Class T Shares based on the estimated value of our assets less the estimated value of our liabilities, or net asset value, divided by the number of shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis, calculated as of September 30, 2022. 
 
 Recent Economic Conditions 
 
 Broad economic weakness, inflationary pressures, rising interest rates, geopolitical events, and other economic events could adversely impact our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. However, the extent and duration to which our operations may be impacted is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 6 

Industry and Competition 
 Self storage refers to properties that offer month-to-month storage unit rental for personal or business use. Self storage facilities offer a cost-effective and flexible storage alternative in which customers rent fully enclosed and secure spaces. Typical unit sizes range from 5x5 feet to 10x30 feet with facilities typically providing a variety of different sizes and configurations. Customers typically have access to their storage units 18 hours a day, with some facilities offering 24-hour access. Rental rates can vary and are determined by the location and size of the rental space, the level of security, and whether the unit is climate controlled. The short-term nature of self storage leases creates the opportunity for real-time rate increases, which has led well-positioned facilities to achieve substantial rate growth in a rising cost environment. 
 In addition to primary self storage operations, facilities also tend to have a number of other ancillary products that provide incremental revenues. This includes, but is not limited to, tenant insurance, protection or insurance plans, moving and packing supplies, locks and boxes, and other services. Sophisticated operators have the opportunity to substantially increase profitability of under-managed facilities post acquisition. 
 The customer base of self storage operators includes both local residential customers, typically within a 3- to 5-mile radius of the facility, as well as commercial users. According to the 2023 Self Storage Almanac, self storage facilities generally have a customer mix of approximately 79 residential, 14 commercial, 4 military and 3 students. 
 Residential customers generally store items ranging from furniture, household items and appliances to cars, boats and recreational vehicles. 

Commercial customers tend to include small business owners who require easy and frequent access to their goods, records, extra inventory or storage for seasonal goods. Commercial customers are also increasingly utilizing self storage for their distribution logistics, as its ease of access, security, flexible lease terms, climate control features and proximity to their distribution destinations all drive operational results. 

While military and student users are a smaller portion of the overall mix, the mix tends to vary by location of the facility, with facilities near military bases and universities achieving higher military and student mixes, respectively. 

The self storage industry is highly fragmented, with owners and operators ranging from individual property owners to institutional investors and large, publicly traded REITs. According to the 2023 Self Storage Almanac, there are approximately 51,000 primary self storage facilities in the U.S. representing a total of 2.0 billion rentable square feet. The largest 100 operators manage approximately 59.0 of net rentable square footage, but only 34.8 of all U.S.-based self storage properties. The six publicly listed self storage companies are Public Storage, Extra Space Storage Inc., AMERCO (the parent company of U-Haul), CubeSmart, LifeStorage, Inc. and National Storage Affiliates Trust, which collectively operate approximately 21.9 of all U.S.-based self storage properties. Similar to the U.S., the self storage market in Canada exhibits highly fragmented ownership, albeit to a much greater extent. Colliers estimates that approximately 70 of all stores in Canada are owned by individuals with only one or two stores and the top 10 operators in Canada have roughly 20 market share. With the majority of the existing supply operated locally by non-institutional groups in the U.S and Canada, there is a significant market opportunity to acquire existing facilities and increase revenue and profitability through professional management, digitalization and physical expansion projects. 
 7 

The ability for employees to work remotely has fueled demand for storage, contributing to a second consecutive year of above-historical average operating results across the industry in 2022. Elevated occupancy levels, supply constraints, and underlying demand drivers position the sector for continued growth in rents and profitability. These fundamentals have driven the self storage sector to achieve outsized rent growth relative to other REIT sectors in 2022. The short-term nature of self storage leases positions operators well in an inflationary environment. The nimble price, marketing, and leasing strategies that sophisticated operators have executed on, coupled with the current supply and demand environment, should position self storage favorably in order to achieve incremental growth relative to other real estate sectors. Despite the significant acceleration in recent growth, prior rates paired with operators' ability to increase rates to existing customers, suggest that there is room for continued rate growth. We believe the sector is well-positioned for continued growth, as self storage fundamentals remain healthy. 
 Industry Segments 
 Prior to the Self Administration Transaction on June 28, 2019, we internally evaluated all of our properties and interests therein as one industry segment and, accordingly, did not report segment information. 
 Subsequent to the Self Administration Transaction, we now operate in two reportable business segments: (i) self storage operations and (ii) our Managed REIT Platform business. 
 Management evaluates performance based upon net operating income NOI ). For our self storage operations, NOI is defined as leasing and related revenues, less property level operating expenses. NOI for the Company s Managed REIT Platform business represents Managed REIT Platform revenues less Managed REIT Platform expenses. 
 Government Regulations 
 Our business is subject to many laws and governmental regulations. Changes in these laws and regulations, or their interpretation by agencies and courts, occur frequently. 
 Accommodations for Persons with Disabilities 
 We are subject to various rules, regulations and standards with respect to accommodations we must make for individuals with disabilities. For example, in the United States, under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, or ADA, all public accommodations and commercial facilities are required to meet certain federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. We are also subject to similar requirements in Ontario, Canada, under the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, or AODA. Complying with such requirements could require us to remove access barriers. Failing to comply could result in the imposition of fines by various governmental agencies or an award of damages to private litigants. Although we intend to acquire properties that substantially comply with these requirements, we may incur additional costs related to compliance. In addition, a number of additional governmental laws may require us to modify any properties we purchase, or may restrict further renovations thereof, with respect to access by disabled persons. Additional legislation could impose financial obligations or restrictions with respect to access by disabled persons. Although we believe that these costs will not have a material adverse effect on us, if required changes involve a greater amount of expenditures than we currently anticipate, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders could be adversely affected. 
 Environmental Matters 
 Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be held liable for the costs of removing or remediating hazardous or toxic substances. These laws often impose clean-up responsibility and liability without regard to whether the owner or operator was responsible for, or even knew of, the presence of the hazardous or toxic substances. The costs of investigating, removing or remediating these substances may be substantial, and the presence of these substances may adversely affect our ability to rent units or sell the property, or to borrow using the property as collateral, and may expose us to liability resulting from any release of or exposure to these substances. If we arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic substances at another location, we may be liable for the costs of removing or remediating these substances at the disposal or treatment facility, whether or not the facility is owned or operated by us. We may be subject to common law claims by third parties based on damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from a site that we own or operate. Certain environmental laws also impose liability in connection with the handling of or exposure to asbestos containing materials, pursuant to which third parties may seek recovery from owners or operators of real properties for personal injury associated with asbestos-containing materials and other hazardous or toxic substances. 
 8 

Other Regulations 
 The properties we acquire will be subject to various federal, state and local regulatory requirements, such as zoning and state and local fire and life safety requirements. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in the imposition of fines by governmental authorities or awards of damages to private litigants. We intend to acquire properties that are in material compliance with all such regulatory requirements. However, we cannot make assurances that these requirements will not be changed or that new requirements will not be imposed which would require significant unanticipated expenditures by us and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Employees and Human Capital 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 450 employees, none of which are represented by a collective bargaining agreement. We continually assess and strive to enhance employee satisfaction and engagement. We believe our relationship with our employees is good and that we provide them with adequate flexibility to meet personal and family needs. We also appreciate the importance of retention, growth and development of our employees and we believe we offer competitive compensation (including salary and bonuses) and benefits packages to our employees. Further, from professional development opportunities to leadership training, we have development programs and on-demand opportunities to cultivate talent throughout our organization. 
 We strive to foster an inclusive work environment, comprising top talent and high performing employees. We maintain policies that strive to protect our employees from discrimination or harassment on the basis of color, race, sex, national origin, ethnicity, religion, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identification or expression or any other status protected by applicable law. To that end, we conduct annual training to raise awareness of (and with the goal of preventing) all forms of harassment and discrimination. 
 For a discussion of additional measures taken by us with respect to our employees in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, see the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Recent Market Conditions, below. 
 Available Information 
 We make available on the Information SEC Filings subpage of our website (www.investors.smartstopselfstorage.com) free of charge our annual reports on Form 10-K, including this report, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, ownership reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 and any amendments to those reports as soon as practicable after we electronically file such reports with the SEC. Our electronically filed reports can also be obtained on the SEC s internet site at http://www.sec.gov . Further, copies of our Code of Ethics and the charters for the Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees of our Board are also available on the Information Governance subpage of our website. 
 
 ITEM 1A. 	 RI SK FACTORS 
 Below are risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our operations that we believe are material to stockholders. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we do not consider material based on the information currently available to us may also harm our business. Unless the context otherwise requires, references to stockholders are generally intended to be references to our common stockholders. 
 
 Risks Related to an Investment in SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. 
 
 We have historically incurred net losses, have an accumulated deficit, and it is possible that our operations may not be profitable, or maintain profitability, in the future. 
 
 While we recorded net income attributable to our common stockholders of approximately 6.3 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we have historically incurred net losses and cannot guarantee that we will sustain profitability or that we will not incur future operating losses. Our accumulated deficit was approximately 164.5 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 We have paid, and may continue to pay, distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations; therefore, we will have fewer funds available for the acquisition of properties, and our stockholders overall return may be reduced. 
 
 9 

During 2022, 100 of our distributions were funded using cash flow from operations. In the past, we have used offering proceeds, including our DRP Offering proceeds, to fund substantially all of our distributions. In the future we may borrow funds, issue additional securities, or sell assets in order to fund the distributions. While our DRP is currently suspended, if our DRP is reinstated, we may also make the distributions out of proceeds from our DRP. We are not prohibited from undertaking such activities by our charter, bylaws or investment policies, and we may use an unlimited amount from any source to pay our distributions. If we fund distributions from financings, then such financings will need to be repaid, and if we fund distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations in the future, then we will have fewer funds available for acquisition of properties or working capital, which may affect our ability to generate future cash flows from operations and may reduce our stockholders overall returns. Additionally, to the extent distributions exceed cash flow from operations, a stockholder s basis in our stock may be reduced and, to the extent distributions exceed a stockholder s basis, the stockholder may recognize a capital gain. 
 
 There is currently no public trading market for our shares and there may never be one; therefore, it will be difficult for our stockholders to sell their shares. Our charter does not require us to pursue a liquidity transaction at any time. 
 
 There is currently no public market for our shares and there may never be one. Stockholders may not sell their shares unless the buyer meets applicable suitability and minimum purchase standards. Our charter also prohibits the ownership by any one individual of more than 9.8 of our stock, unless waived by our board of directors, which may inhibit large investors from desiring to purchase our stockholders shares. As described below, our share redemption program is currently suspended. If we lift the suspension of our share redemption program, stockholders will continue to be limited in terms of the amount of shares which may be redeemed. Therefore, it may be difficult for our stockholders to sell their shares promptly or at all. If our stockholders are able to sell their shares, they will likely have to sell them at a substantial discount. It also is likely that the shares would not be accepted as the primary collateral for a loan. Our shares should be considered as a long-term investment because of the illiquid nature of the shares. 
 
 Our share redemption program is currently suspended, and even if stockholders are able to have their shares redeemed, our stockholders may not be able to recover the amount of their investment in our shares. 
 
 In March 2022, our board of directors approved the full suspension of our share redemption program with respect to our common stockholders. Prior to this time, our share redemption program was partially suspended, except for certain limited circumstances. 
 
 If our share redemption program is reinstated or a common stockholder is otherwise able to have their shares redeemed, such stockholders should be fully aware that our share redemption program contains significant restrictions and limitations. Further, our board of directors may limit, suspend, terminate or amend any provision of the share redemption program upon 30 days notice. Redemptions of shares, when requested, will generally be made quarterly to the extent we have sufficient funds available to us to fund such redemptions. During any calendar year, we will not redeem in excess of 5 of the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the prior calendar year and redemptions will be funded solely from proceeds from our distribution reinvestment plan. We are not obligated to redeem shares under our share redemption program. Therefore, our common stockholders should not assume that they will be able to sell any of their shares back to us pursuant to our share redemption program at any time or at all. 
 
 The purchase price for shares we repurchase under our share redemption program is equal to the most recently published estimated net asset value per share of the applicable share class. Accordingly, our common stockholders may receive less by selling their shares back to us than they would receive if our investments were sold for their estimated values and such proceeds were distributed in our liquidation. 
 
 We have issued Series A Convertible Preferred Stock that ranks senior to all common stock and grants the holder superior rights compared to common stockholders, which may have the effect of diluting our stockholders interests in us and discouraging a takeover or other similar transaction. 
 
 We have issued Series A Convertible Preferred Stock that ranks senior to all other shares of our stock, including our common stock, and grants the holder (the Preferred Investor certain rights that are superior to the rights of common stockholders, including with respect to the payment of distributions, liquidation preference, redemption rights, and conversion rights. 
 
 Distributions on the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are cumulative and are declared and payable quarterly in arrears. We are obligated to pay the Preferred Investor its current distributions and any accumulated and unpaid distributions prior to any distributions being paid to our common stockholders and, therefore, any cash available for distribution is used 
 10 

first to pay distributions to the Preferred Investor. If we fail to pay distributions on the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock for four quarters (whether or not consecutive), the Preferred Investor is permitted to vote on any matter submitted to a vote of the common stockholders of the Company, upon which the Preferred Investor and common stockholders shall vote together as a single class. In such a case, the Preferred Investor s vote would have a dilutive effect on the voting power of our common stockholders. 
 
 The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference in the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of our affairs (a liquidation which could negatively affect any payments to the common stockholders in the event of a liquidation. Furthermore, the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is redeemable in certain circumstances. A redemption of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, whether at our option or at the option of the holder of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flow and the amount available for distributions to our common stockholders. 
 
 The Preferred Investor also has, upon the occurrence of certain events, the right to convert any or all of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock held by the Preferred Investor into shares of our common stock. The issuance of common stock upon conversion of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock would result in dilution to our common stockholders. As of December 31, 2022, we had 200 million of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding, which would represent approximately 16.2 of our common stock on an as converted, fully diluted basis. See Note 6 Preferred Equity, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, for more information. 
 
 The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock also imposes several negative covenants on us such as not permitting us to exceed a leverage ratio of 60 loan-to-value or prohibiting us from entering into a merger with another entity whose assets are not at least 80 self storage related, in each case without an affirmative vote by the Preferred Investor. Because of these superior rights, the existence of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock could have the effect of discouraging a takeover or other transaction in which holders of some or a majority of our outstanding common stock might receive a premium for their shares. 
 
 We may only calculate the estimated value per share for our shares annually and, therefore, our stockholders may not be able to determine the estimated net asset value of their shares on an ongoing basis. 
 
 On December 6, 2022, our board of directors approved an estimated value per share for our Class A shares and Class T shares of 15.21. Our board of directors approved this estimated value per share pursuant to rules promulgated by FINRA. When determining the estimated value per share there are currently no SEC, federal or state rules that establish requirements specifying the methodology to employ in determining an estimated value per share; provided, however, that the determination of the estimated value per share must be conducted by, or with the material assistance or confirmation of, a third-party valuation expert or service and must be derived from a methodology that conforms to standard industry practice. 
 
 In determining our estimated value per share, we primarily relied upon a valuation of our portfolio of properties as of September 30, 2022. Valuations and appraisals of our properties are estimates of fair value and may not necessarily correspond to realizable value upon the sale of such properties; therefore our estimated net asset value per share may not reflect the amount that would be realized upon a sale of each of our properties. 
 
 For the purposes of calculating the estimated value per share, an independent third party appraiser valued our properties as of September 30, 2022. The valuation methodologies used to value our properties involved certain subjective judgments. Ultimate realization of the value of an asset depends to a great extent on economic and other conditions beyond our control and the control of our independent appraiser. Further, valuations do not necessarily represent the price at which an asset would sell, since market prices of assets can only be determined by negotiation between a willing buyer and seller. Therefore, the valuations of our properties and our investments in real estate related assets may not correspond to the timely realizable value upon a sale of those assets. Because our share prices are primarily based on the estimated net asset value per share, our stockholders may pay more than realizable value when such shares are purchased or receive less than realizable value when such shares are sold. 
 
 We may be unable to pay or maintain cash distributions or increase distributions over time. 
 
 There are many factors that can affect the availability and timing of cash distributions to stockholders. We are required to pay dividends with respect to our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock at rate of 6.25 per annum, which is subject to increases following the fifth anniversary of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock issuance. Distributions to our common stockholders will be based principally on distribution expectations of our investors and cash available from our operations. 
 
 11 

The amount of cash available for distribution will be affected by many factors, such as our operating expense levels, as well as many other variables. Actual cash available for distribution may vary substantially from estimates. We cannot assure our stockholders that we will be able to pay or maintain distributions or that distributions will increase over time, nor can we give any assurance that rents from the properties will increase, that the securities we buy will increase in value or provide constant or increased distributions over time, or that future acquisitions of real properties will increase our cash available for distribution to stockholders. We also cannot assure our stockholders that our board of directors will not decide to reduce distributions based on other external factors. Additionally, our board of directors may decide to amend our distribution policy to provide for distributions on a quarterly basis instead of a monthly basis. Our actual results may differ significantly from the assumptions used by our board of directors in establishing the distribution rate to stockholders. If we fail to pay distributions on the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock for four quarters (whether or not consecutive), the Preferred Investor is permitted to vote on any matter submitted to a vote of the common stockholders of the Company, upon which the Preferred Investor and common stockholders shall vote together as a single class. In such a case, the Preferred Investor s vote would have a dilutive effect on the voting power of our common stockholders. 
 
 If we lose or are unable to retain our executive officers, our business could be harmed. 
 
 Our success depends to a significant degree upon the contributions of our executive officers. While we have adopted an Executive Severance and Change of Control Plan which is applicable to each of these officers, we do not have an employment agreement with any of these key personnel and we cannot guarantee that all, or any particular one, will remain employed by us. If we lose or are unable to retain our executive officers, our operating results and our future growth could suffer. 
 
 Our Executive Severance and Change of Control Plan and the related agreements with our executive officers may result in significant expense for us and may deter a third party from engaging in a change of control transaction with us that might otherwise result in a premium price to our stockholders. 
 
 We have adopted an Executive Severance and Change of Control Plan that is applicable to our executive officers and have entered into an associated Severance Agreement with each of our executive officers. Pursuant to such documents, if the officer s employment is terminated other than for cause or if the officer elects to terminate his employment with us for good reason, we will make a severance payment equal to the officer s highest annual compensation in the prior two years plus the officer s average cash performance bonus earned for the prior three years, multiplied by an amount specified in the Executive Severance and Change of Control Plan, together with continuation of medical coverage for a period of time specified in the Executive Severance and Change of Control Plan. In addition, certain outstanding equity awards may be subject to accelerated vesting or may remain eligible for vesting, as specified further in the Executive Severance and Change of Control Plan. These agreements may result in a significant expense for us if an executive officer s employment is terminated for certain reasons, and may discourage a third party from engaging in a change of control transaction with us that might otherwise result in a premium price for our stockholders. 
 
 Impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets resulting from the Self Administration Transaction may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 During 2020, with the emergence of the COVID-19 Pandemic and the resulting volatility and disruption of the economy and capital markets, and the ability of our Managed REITs to raise additional equity in light of the foregoing, we recorded various impairments to goodwill and other intangible assets, related to our Managed REITs. Potential additional future impairments of goodwill or other intangible assets, including trademarks and other acquired intangibles, resulting from the Self Administration Transaction could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We assess our goodwill and other intangible assets and long-lived assets for impairment at least annually or upon the occurrence of a triggering event, as required by GAAP. We are required to record an impairment charge if circumstances indicate that the asset carrying values exceed their fair values. Our assessment of goodwill, other intangible assets, or long-lived assets could indicate that an impairment of the carrying value of such assets may have occurred that could result in a material, non-cash write-down of such assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and future earnings. 
 
 Our trademarks are important, and the loss of or our inability to enforce trademark and other proprietary intellectual property rights could harm our business. 
 
 We own trademarks and other intellectual property rights, including but not limited to the SmartStop and Strategic Storage brands, which are important to our success and competitive position, and the loss of or our inability to enforce trademark and other proprietary intellectual property rights could harm our business. We will devote substantial resources to the establishment and protection of our trademarks and other proprietary intellectual property rights. 
 12 

Our efforts to protect our intellectual property may not be adequate. Third parties may misappropriate or infringe on our intellectual property. From time to time, we may engage in litigation to protect our intellectual property, which could result in substantial costs as well as diversion of management attention. The occurrence of any of these risks could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 Strategic Transfer Agent Services, LLC, our Transfer Agent, has a limited operating history and a failure by our Transfer Agent to perform its functions for us effectively may adversely affect our operations. 
 
 Our Transfer Agent is a related party. While it is a registered transfer agent with the SEC, the business was formed in October 2017 and has had only limited operations to date. Because of its limited experience, there is no assurance that our Transfer Agent will be able to effectively provide transfer agent and registrar services to us. Furthermore, our Transfer Agent will be responsible for supervising third party service providers who may, at times, be responsible for executing certain transfer agent and registrar services. If our Transfer Agent fails to perform its functions for us effectively, our operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our bylaws designate the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 
 Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or, if that Court does not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Baltimore Division, shall be the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders with respect to our Company, our directors, our officers, or our employees. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that the stockholder believes is favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees, which may discourage meritorious claims from being asserted against us and our directors, officers, and employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our bylaws inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 Our future results may suffer as a result of the effect of recent affiliated mergers, acquisitions and other strategic transactions. 
 
 We consummated the SSGT Merger in January 2019, the SST IV Merger in March 2021 and the SSGT II merger in June 2022. We will likely continue to expand our operations through additional mergers, acquisitions and other strategic transactions, including such transactions with affiliated real estate programs or Managed REITs, some of which may involve complex challenges. Our future success will depend, in part, upon the merger consideration negotiated by our special committees appointed by our board of directors in connection with these affiliated mergers, our ability to manage our expansion opportunities, integrate new operations into our existing business in an efficient and timely manner, successfully monitoring our operations, costs and service quality, and maintaining other necessary internal controls. There can be no assurance that our expansion or acquisition opportunities will be successful, or that we will realize our expected operating efficiencies, cost savings, revenue enhancements, synergies, or other benefits. Moreover, we assumed the liabilities of SSGT, SST IV and SSGT II in connection with the respective mergers. These liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business to the extent we have not identified such liabilities or have underestimated the amount of such liabilities. 
 
 We are the subject of various claims and legal proceedings and may become the subject of claims, litigation or investigations which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we are the subject of various claims and legal proceedings and may become the subject of claims, litigation or investigations, including commercial disputes and employee claims, such as claims of age discrimination, sexual harassment, gender discrimination, immigration violations or other local, state and federal labor law violations, and from time to time may be involved in governmental or regulatory investigations or similar matters arising out of our current or future business. While we have policies in place that are intended to prevent or address such issues, we cannot be assured that such policies will adequately prevent or mitigate the foregoing concerns and any associated harm. Any claims asserted against us or our management, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, could harm our reputation or the reputation of our management and have an adverse impact on our relationship with our clients, business partners and other third parties and could lead to additional related claims. In light of the potential cost and uncertainty involved in litigation, we have in the past and may in the future settle matters even when we believe we have a meritorious defense. Certain claims may 
 13 

seek injunctive relief, which could disrupt the ordinary conduct of our business and operations or increase our cost of doing business. Our insurance or indemnities may not cover all claims that may be asserted against us. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that we will be successful in defending ourselves in pending or future litigation or similar matters under various laws. Any judgments or settlements in any pending litigation or future claims, litigation or investigation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Privacy concerns could result in regulatory changes that may harm our business. 
 
 The California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA went into effect on January 1, 2020. Additionally, an amendment to the CCPA, the California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA went into effect on January 1, 2023, with a lookback to January 1, 2022. While the CPRA modifications are not finalized, the current proposed amendment significantly modifies the CCPA and imposes additional data protection obligations on companies doing business in California. The CCPA, as amended by the CPRA, is intended to protect consumer privacy rights, and, among other things, provide California residents with the ability to know what information companies collect about them, to request, in certain circumstances, the deletion of such information, and to affirmatively opt out of the sale or sharing of their personal information. We cannot yet predict the full impact of the CCPA, as amended by the CPRA, or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder, nor can we predict the full impact of any interpretations thereof. While we have developed processes and notices that are intended to comply in all material respects with applicable CCPA and CPRA requirements, a regulatory agency may not agree with certain of our implementation decisions, which could subject us to litigation, regulatory actions or changes to our business practices that could increase costs or reduce revenues. Other states have also considered or are considering privacy laws similar to the CCPA and the CPRA, and a federal consumer privacy law has also been proposed. Similar laws may be implemented in other jurisdictions that we do business in and in ways that may be more restrictive than the CCPA or the CPRA, increasing the cost of compliance, as well as the risk of noncompliance, on our business. 
 
 Certain of our officers and key personnel will face competing demands relating to their time and will face conflicts of interest related to the positions they hold with affiliated entities, which could cause our business to suffer. 
 
 Certain of our officers and key personnel and their respective affiliates are officers, key personnel, advisors, managers, and sponsors of other real estate programs having investment objectives and legal and financial obligations similar to ours, including the Managed REITs. In addition, our Chief Executive Officer remains (i) Chairman of the Board of Strategic Student Senior Housing Trust, Inc. and (ii) the Chief Executive Officer of our former sponsor. Because these persons have competing demands on their time and resources, they may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time between our business and these other activities. Should these persons not balance these competing demands on their time and resources, our business could suffer. Furthermore, these persons owe fiduciary duties to these other entities and their owners, which fiduciary duties may conflict with the duties that they owe to our stockholders and us. Their loyalties to these other entities could result in actions or inactions that are detrimental to our business. 
 
 Our Chief Executive Officer is a controlling person of an entity that owns a minority interest in our Operating Partnership and Class A Shares, and therefore may face conflicts with regard to his fiduciary duties to us and his fiduciary duties to that entity, including conditions pertaining to redemption of our common stock or the limited partnership interests and voting matters related to such interests. 
 
 Our Chief Executive Officer is a controlling person of SAM, our former sponsor, which as of December 31, 2022 indirectly owned an approximately 9.1 interest in limited partnership interests in our Operating Partnership and 0.4 of our common stock. Such limited partnership interests may be exchanged for our common stock in the future. If such limited partner interests were converted, our CEO would own approximately 10 of our common stock. In addition, in certain circumstances such as a merger, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, share exchange, conversion, dissolution or amendment to our charter, in each case where the vote of our stockholders is required under Maryland law, the consent of our Operating Partnership will also be required, which could result in our Chief Executive Officer being able to influence such matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. This may result in an outcome that may not be favorable to our stockholders. Our Chief Executive Officer may also make decisions on behalf of SAM related to redemptions of either its limited partnership interests or its common stock which may negatively impact our stockholders. 
 
 Revenue and earnings from the Managed REIT Platform are uncertain. 
 
 Increasing our revenue from the Managed REIT Platform is dependent in large part on the ability to raise capital in offerings for existing or future Managed REITs or other future programs, as well as on our ability to make investments that meet the investment criteria of existing and future entities, both of which are subject to uncertainty with respect to capital market and real estate market conditions. This uncertainty could have an adverse impact on our earnings. Moreover, revenue 
 14 

generated from asset management fees, property management fees, and other fees and distributions relating to the Managed REITs offerings and the investment and management of their respective assets may be affected by factors that include not only our ability to increase the Managed REITs portfolio of properties under management, but also changes in valuation of those properties, sales of the Managed REIT properties and assets and our ability to successfully operate the Managed REIT properties. 
 
 The Managed REITs may not generate sufficient revenue or may incur significant debt, which either due to liquidity problems or restrictive covenants contained in their borrowing agreements could restrict their ability to pay or reimburse fees and expenses owed to us when due. In addition, the revenue payable by the Managed REITs is subject to certain limits set forth in their respective advisory agreements, which may limit the growth of our revenue. Furthermore, our ability to earn certain subordinated distributions from the Managed REITs is tied to providing liquidity events for the Managed REITs. Our ability to provide such liquidity events, and to do so under circumstances that will satisfy the applicable subordination requirements, will depend on market conditions at the relevant time, which may vary considerably over a period of years. If we are unable to satisfy such subordination requirements, certain equity interests we hold in the Managed REITs may be impaired. 
 
 Because the revenue streams from the advisory agreements with the Managed REITs are subject to limitation or cancellation, any such termination could adversely affect our financial condition, cash flow and the amount available for distributions to our common stockholders. 
 
 Our advisory agreements with the Managed REITs are subject to the renewal terms thereof and each may generally be terminated by each Managed REIT, without cause or penalty, upon 60 days written notice. There can be no assurance that the advisory agreements will be renewed before they expire or that the advisory agreements will not be terminated. Any such non-renewal or termination could adversely affect our financial condition, cash flow and the amount available for distributions to our common stockholders. 
 
 We will face conflicts of interest relating to the purchase of properties, including conflicts with the Managed REITs, and there can be no assurance that our investment allocation policy will adequately address all of the conflicts that may arise or that it will address such conflicts in a manner that is more favorable to us than to the Managed REITs. 
 
 We own the entities that serve as the sponsor and advisor to the Managed REITs, which have investment objectives similar to ours, and we may be buying properties at the same time as one or more of the Managed REITs, or other programs managed by us, our officers, our key personnel or our subsidiaries (the Other Programs ). Accordingly, we will have conflicts of interest in allocating potential properties, acquisition expenses, management time, services, and other functions between various existing enterprises or future enterprises with which the Managed REITs may be or become involved. SST VI is a public non-traded Managed REIT which began operations in early 2021 that invests in self storage properties and has assets of approximately 280 million as of December 31, 2022, and SSGT III is a private Managed REIT which began operations in May 2022 that invests in self storage properties and had assets of approximately 91 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 While we have adopted an acquisition allocation policy in an effort to appropriately allocate acquisitions among us, the Managed REITs and the Other Programs, there can be no assurance that such allocation policy will adequately address all of the conflicts that may arise or that it will address such conflicts in a manner that is more favorable to us than to the Managed REITs or the Other Programs. In addition, conflicts of interest may exist in the valuation of our investments and regarding decisions about the allocation of specific investment opportunities among us, the Managed REITs and the Other Programs and the allocation of fees and costs among us, the Managed REITs and the Other Programs. To the extent we fail to appropriately deal with any such conflicts, it could negatively impact our reputation and ability to raise additional funds or result in potential litigation against us. 
 
 If the Managed REITs are unable to repay certain loans made to them by us or redeem certain preferred equity investments made in them by us, our liquidity, financial condition, cash flow, and the amount available for distributions to our common stockholders could be adversely affected. 
 
 We have provided and may continue to provide financial support to the Managed REITs in the form of mezzanine loans, preferred equity investments, and other strategic investments. As of February 15, 2023, we had an aggregate of approximately 50.0 million in outstanding mezzanine loans to the Managed REITs, and we had invested an aggregate of approximately 10.0 million in the Managed REITs in the form of common units of the Managed REITs' operating partnerships. Additionally, we had invested an aggregate of approximately 15.0 million in the form of preferred units of the Managed REITs' operating partnerships. If the Managed REITs are unable to raise sufficient additional capital or produce 
 15 

adequate funds from operations, they may not be able to repay such loan amounts or redeem such preferred equity investments on a timely basis. As a result, the amounts loaned or invested may remain unavailable to us longer than expected, which could have a negative impact on our liquidity and could result in us pursuing additional capital in the form of additional debt or equity issuances. If we are unable to acquire additional capital, our financial condition, cash flow, and the amount available for distributions to our common stockholders could be adversely affected. 
 
 A subsidiary of ours is the sponsor of the Managed REITs and may sponsor additional future programs. As a result, we could be subject to any litigation that may arise by investors in those entities or the respective operations of those entities. 
 
 In the course of their operations, the Managed REITs and the other future programs may be subject to lawsuits. We may be named in such lawsuits as the sponsor of such entities and may, in some instances, be found to be subject to liability. In such an instance, our ability to seek reimbursement or indemnification from such programs may be limited. If we are subject to significant legal expenses, it could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure 
 
 The limit on the number of shares a person may own may discourage a takeover that could otherwise result in a premium price to our stockholders. 
 
 In order for us to qualify as a REIT, no more than 50 of our outstanding stock may be beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (including certain types of entities) at any time during the last half of each taxable year. To ensure that we do not fail to qualify as a REIT under this test, our charter restricts ownership by one person or entity to no more than 9.8 of the value of our then-outstanding capital stock or more than 9.8 of the value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our then outstanding common stock. This restriction may have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control of us, including an extraordinary transaction (such as a merger, tender offer, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets) that might provide a premium price for holders of our common stock. 
 
 Our charter permits our board of directors to issue stock with terms that may subordinate the rights of common stockholders or discourage a third party from acquiring us in a manner that might result in a premium price to our stockholders. 
 
 Our charter permits our board of directors to issue up to 900,000,000 shares of capital stock. In addition, our board of directors, without any action by our stockholders, may amend our charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares or the number of shares of any class or series of stock that we have authority to issue. Our board of directors may classify or reclassify any unissued common stock or preferred stock and establish the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption of any such stock. Thus, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of preferred stock with terms and conditions that have a priority as to distributions and amounts payable upon liquidation over the rights of the holders of our common stock, such as our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. See the risk factor captioned We have issued Series A Convertible Preferred Stock that ranks senior to all common stock and grants the holder superior rights compared to common stockholders, which may have the effect of diluting our stockholders interests in us and discouraging a takeover or other similar transaction. in the section titled Risks Related to an Investment in SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc., above. Preferred stock could also have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control of our company, including an extraordinary transaction (such as a merger, tender offer, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets) that might provide a premium price for holders of our common stock. 
 
 We have opted out of provisions of the MGCL relating to deterring or defending hostile takeovers. 
 
 Under Maryland law, business combinations between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder (as defined in the statute) or an affiliate of an interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, share exchange, or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. An interested stockholder is defined as: 
 any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s outstanding voting stock; or 

16 

an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding stock of the corporation. 

These prohibitions are intended to prevent a change of control by interested stockholders who do not have the support of our board of directors. Pursuant to the statute, our board of directors has by resolution exempted business combinations between us and any person, provided that the business combination is first approved by our board of directors. 
 
 Also, under Maryland law, control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights except to the extent approved by a vote of stockholders entitled to cast two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Shares owned by the acquirer, an officer of the corporation, or an employee of the corporation who is also a director of the corporation, are excluded from the vote on whether to accord voting rights to the control shares. As permitted by the MGCL, our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the control share acquisition statute any and all acquisitions by any person of our stock. 
 
 Our decision to opt out of the above provisions of the MGCL removes certain protections of the MGCL that may otherwise deter a hostile takeover or assist us in defending against a hostile takeover. There is no guarantee that the ownership limitations in our charter would provide the same measure of protection as the above provisions of the MGCL and prevent an undesired change of control by an interested stockholder. 
 
 Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to recover claims against our officers and directors are limited, which could reduce our stockholders and our recovery against them if they cause us to incur losses. 
 
 Maryland law provides that a director has no liability in that capacity if the director performs his or her duties in good faith, in a manner the director reasonably believes to be in the corporation s best interests, and with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. Our charter requires us to indemnify our directors and officers and permits us to indemnify our employees and agents for actions taken by them to the maximum extent permitted under Maryland law. Additionally, our charter limits the liability of our directors and officers for monetary damages to the maximum extent permitted under Maryland law. As a result, we and our stockholders may have more limited rights against our directors, officers, employees and agents than might otherwise exist under common law, which could reduce our stockholders and our recovery against them. We have also entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers, which obligate us to indemnify such persons in certain circumstances, including if they are or are threatened to be made a party to, or witness in, any proceeding by reason of their status as a present or former director or officer of us. In addition, we may be obligated to fund the defense costs incurred by our directors, officers, employees and agents in some cases which would decrease the cash otherwise available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 
 Future offerings of debt securities, which would be senior to our common stock, or equity securities, which would dilute our existing stockholders and may be senior to our common stock, may adversely affect our stockholders, and our stockholders interests in us will be diluted as we issue additional shares. 
 
 We may in the future attempt to increase our capital resources by offering debt or equity securities, including notes and classes of preferred or common stock. Debt securities or shares of preferred stock may generally be entitled to receive interest payments or distributions, both current and in connection with any liquidation or sale, prior to the holders of our common stock. We are not required to offer any such additional debt or equity securities to existing common stockholders on a preemptive basis. Therefore, offerings of common stock or other equity securities may dilute the holdings of our existing stockholders. Because we may generally issue any such debt or equity securities in the future without obtaining the consent of our stockholders, you will bear the risk of such future offerings, including the dilution of your proportionate ownership. 
 
 In addition, subject to any limitations set forth under Maryland law, our board of directors may increase the number of authorized shares of stock (currently 900,000,000 shares), increase or decrease the number of shares of any class or series of stock designated, or reclassify any unissued shares without the necessity of obtaining stockholder approval. All such shares may be issued in the discretion of our board of directors. Further, our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock may be converted into our common stock under certain circumstances. In addition, we have granted, and expect to grant in the future, equity awards to our independent directors and certain of our employees, including our executive officers, which to date consist of restricted stock of the Company and LTIP units of our Operating Partnership, which are convertible into shares of our common stock subject to satisfaction of certain conditions. Finally, a subsidiary of SAM owns units of limited partnership interest in our Operating Partnership which are convertible into shares of our Class A common stock under certain circumstances. 
 17 

Therefore, existing stockholders will experience dilution of their equity investment in us as we (1) sell additional shares in the future, including those issued pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan, (2) sell securities that are convertible into shares of our common stock, (3) issue shares of our common stock in a private offering of securities, (4) issue restricted shares of our common stock or other equity-based securities to our independent directors and executive officers, (5) issue shares of our common stock in a merger or to sellers of properties acquired by us in connection with an exchange of limited partnership interests of our Operating Partnership, or (6) convert shares of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock into shares of our common stock. 
 
 Because the limited partnership interests of our Operating Partnership may, in the discretion of our board of directors, be exchanged for shares of our common stock, any merger, exchange or conversion between our Operating Partnership and another entity ultimately could result in the issuance of a substantial number of shares of our common stock, thereby diluting the percentage ownership interest of other stockholders. Because of these and other reasons, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution in their percentage ownership of our shares. 
 
 Risks Related to the Self Storage Industry 
 
 Because we are focused on the self storage industry, our rental revenues will be significantly influenced by demand for self storage space generally, and a decrease in such demand would likely have a greater adverse effect on our rental revenues than if we owned a more diversified real estate portfolio. 
 
 Because our portfolio of properties consists primarily of self storage facilities, we are subject to risks inherent in investments in a single industry. A decrease in the demand for self storage space would likely have a greater adverse effect on our rental revenues than if we owned a more diversified real estate portfolio. Demand for self storage space has been and could be adversely affected by weakness in the national, regional, and local economies and changes in supply of or demand for similar or competing self storage facilities in an area. To the extent that any of these conditions occur, they are likely to affect demand, and market rents, for self storage space, which could cause a decrease in our rental revenue. Any such decrease could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We do not expect to invest in other real estate or businesses to hedge against the risk that industry trends might decrease the profitability of our self storage-related investments. 
 
 We face significant competition in the self storage industry, which may increase the cost of acquisitions or developments or impede our ability to retain customers or re-let space when existing customers vacate. 
 
 We face intense competition in every market in which we purchase self storage facilities. We compete with numerous national, regional, and local developers, owners and operators in the self storage industry, including the Managed REITs, publicly traded REITs, other REITs and institutional investment funds. Moreover, development of self storage facilities has increased in recent years, which has intensified competition, and we expect it will continue to do so as newly developed facilities are opened. In addition, competition for suitable investments may reduce the number of suitable investment opportunities available to us, may increase acquisition costs, and may reduce demand for self storage units in certain areas where our facilities are located, all of which may adversely affect our operating results. Additionally, an economic slowdown in a particular market could have a negative effect on our self storage revenues. 
 
 If competitors build new facilities that compete with our facilities or offer space at rental rates below the rental rates we charge our customers, we may lose potential or existing customers and we may be pressured to discount our rental rates to retain customers. In addition, increased competition for customers may require us to make capital improvements to facilities that we would not otherwise make. As a result, our rental income could decline, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We may not be successful in identifying and consummating suitable acquisitions, or integrating and operating acquired properties, which may adversely impact our growth and results of operations. 
 
 We expect to make future acquisitions of self storage properties. We may not be successful in identifying and consummating suitable acquisitions that meet our criteria, which may impede our growth. We may encounter competition when we seek to acquire properties, especially for brokered portfolios. Aggressive bidding practices by prospective acquirers have been commonplace and this competition also may be a challenge for our acquisition strategy and potentially result in our paying higher prices for acquisitions, including, in some instances, paying consideration for certain properties that may be more than others are willing to pay for such properties. Should we pay higher prices for self storage properties or other assets, our operating results may suffer. Furthermore, when we acquire self storage properties, we will be required to 
 18 

integrate them into our then-existing portfolio. The acquired properties may turn out to be less compatible with our acquisition strategy than originally anticipated, may cause disruptions in our operations, or may divert management s attention away from day-to-day operations, which could impair our results of operations. Our ability to acquire or integrate properties may also be constrained by the following additional risks: 
 we face competition from national (e.g., large public and private self storage companies, institutional investors and private equity funds), regional and local owners, operators and developers of self storage properties, which may result in higher property acquisition prices and reduced yields; 

the inability to achieve satisfactory completion of due diligence investigations and other customary closing conditions; 

we may fail to finance an acquisition on favorable terms or at all; 

spending more than the time and amounts budgeted to make necessary improvements or renovations to acquired properties; 

the inability to accurately estimate physical occupancy levels, rental rates, operating costs or costs of improvements to bring an acquired property up to an acceptable level of quality to meet our expected standards; and 

we may acquire properties subject to liabilities without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, with respect to unknown liabilities such as liabilities for clean-up of undisclosed environmental contamination, claims by persons dealing with the former owners of the properties and claims for indemnification by general partners, trustees, officers and others indemnified by the former owners of the properties. 

The acquisition of new properties may give rise to difficulties in predicting revenue potential. 
 
 New acquisitions could fail to perform in accordance with our expectations. If we fail to accurately estimate occupancy levels, rental rates, operating costs, or costs of improvements to bring an acquired facility up to our standards, the performance of the facility may be below expectations. Properties we acquire may have characteristics or deficiencies affecting their valuation or revenue potential that we have not yet discovered. We cannot assure our stockholders that the performance of properties we acquire will increase or be maintained under our management. 
 
 We depend on our on-site personnel to maximize customer satisfaction at each of our facilities, and any difficulties we encounter in hiring, training, and retaining skilled field personnel may adversely affect our rental revenues. 
 
 The customer service, marketing skills, knowledge of local market demand and competitive dynamics of our facility managers are contributing factors to our ability to maximize our rental income and to achieve the highest sustainable rent levels at each of our facilities. If we are unable to successfully recruit, train, and retain qualified field personnel, our rental incomes may be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Delays in development and lease-up of our properties would reduce our profitability. 
 
 We may acquire properties that require repositioning or redeveloping such properties with the goal of increasing cash flow, value or both. Construction delays to new or existing self storage properties due to weather, unforeseen site conditions, personnel problems, and other factors could delay our anticipated customer occupancy plan which could adversely affect our profitability and cash flow. Furthermore, our estimate of the costs of repositioning or redeveloping an acquired property may prove to be inaccurate, which may result in our failure to meet our profitability goals. We may also encounter unforeseen cost increases associated with building materials or construction services resulting from trade tensions, disruptions, tariffs, duties or restrictions or an epidemic, pandemic or other health crisis, such as the COVID-19 outbreak. Additionally, we may acquire a new property that has a relatively low physical occupancy, and the cash flow from existing operations may be insufficient to pay the operating expenses associated with that property until the property is adequately leased. If one or more of these properties do not perform as expected or we are unable to successfully integrate new properties into our existing operations, our financial performance may be adversely affected. 
 
 The risks associated with storage contents may increase our operating costs or expose us to potential liability that may not be covered by insurance, which may have adverse effects on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 19 

The self storage facilities we own and operate are leased directly to customers who store their belongings without any immediate inspections or oversight from us. We may unintentionally lease space to groups engaged in illegal and dangerous activities. Damage to storage contents may occur due to, among other occurrences, the following: war, acts of terrorism, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, pollution, environmental matters, fires or events caused by fault of a customer, fault of a third party, or fault of our own. Such damage may or may not be covered by insurance maintained by us, if any. We will determine the amounts and types of insurance coverage that we will maintain, including any coverage over the contents of any properties in which we may invest. Such determinations will be made on a case-by-case basis based on the type, value, location, and risks associated with each investment, as well as any lender requirements, among any other factors we may consider relevant. There is no guarantee as to the type of insurance that we will obtain for any investments that we may make and there is no guarantee that any particular damage to storage contents would be covered by such insurance, even if obtained. The costs associated with maintaining such insurance, as well as any liability imposed upon us due to damage to storage contents, may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Additionally, although we require our customers to sign an agreement stating that they will not store flammable, hazardous, illegal, or dangerous contents in the self storage units, we cannot ensure that our customers will abide by such agreement or otherwise comply with applicable laws, including environmental, health and safety laws. The storage of such materials or violation of applicable laws might cause destruction to a facility or impose liability on us for the costs of removal or remediation if these various contents or substances are released on, from or in a facility, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Our operating results may be affected by regulatory changes that have an adverse impact on our specific facilities, including our ability to obtain required permits and approvals, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Certain regulatory changes may have a direct impact on our self storage facilities, including but not limited to, land use, zoning, and permitting requirements by governmental authorities at the local level, which can restrict the availability of land for development, and special zoning codes which omit certain uses of property from a zoning category. These special uses (i.e., hospitals, schools, and self storage facilities) are allowed in that particular zoning classification only by obtaining a special use permit and the permission of local zoning authority. If we are delayed in obtaining or unable to obtain a special use permit where one is required, new developments or expansion of existing developments could be delayed or reduced. Additionally, certain municipalities require holders of a special use permit to have higher levels of liability coverage than is normally required. The acquisition of, or the inability to obtain, a special use permit and the possibility of higher levels of insurance coverage associated therewith may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 In certain cases, we protect our customers goods pursuant to our tenant protection program or other arrangements that may, in some cases, be subject to governmental regulation, which may adversely affect our results. 
 
 In certain cases, we provide a tenant protection program to customers at our properties, and in certain other cases, we protect our customers goods through other arrangements. We earn fees in connection with these arrangements. These arrangements, including the payments associated with these arrangements, may be subject to state-specific or provincial-specific governmental regulation. Such regulatory authorities generally have broad discretion to promulgate, interpret and implement regulations, to adopt new or additional licensing requirements, to grant, renew and revoke licenses and approvals, and to evaluate compliance with regulations through periodic examinations, audits, investigations and inquiries. In addition, there has been and may continue to be regulatory or private action in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Although the marketing of, and management procedures associated with, these arrangements were designed to navigate the regulatory environment in which we operate, as a result of regulatory or private action in any jurisdiction in which we operate, we may be temporarily or permanently suspended from generating revenue with respect to these arrangements, or otherwise fined or penalized or suffer an adverse judgment, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 A failure in, or breach of, our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of our third party vendors and other service providers or other third parties, including as a result of cyber attacks, could disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, damage our reputation, increase our costs, and cause losses. 
 
 We rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business. Information security risks for our business have generally increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies; the use of the Internet and telecommunications technologies to process, transmit and store electronic information, including the management and support of a variety of business processes, including financial transactions and records, personally 
 20 

identifiable information, and tenant and lease data; and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, and terrorists, activists, and other external parties. As customer, public, and regulatory expectations regarding operational and information security have increased, our operating systems and infrastructure must continue to be safeguarded and monitored for potential failures, disruptions, and breakdowns. Our business, financial, accounting, and data processing systems, or other operating systems and facilities, may stop operating properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors, including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control. For example, there could be electrical or telecommunication outages; natural disasters such as earthquakes, tornadoes, and hurricanes; disease pandemics; events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including terrorist acts; and as described below, cyber attacks. 
 
 Our business relies on its digital technologies, computer and email systems, software and networks to conduct its operations. Although we have information security procedures and controls in place, our technologies, systems and networks and, because the nature of our business involves the receipt and retention of personal information about our customers, our customers personal accounts may become the target of cyber attacks or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss, or destruction of our or our customers or other third parties confidential information. Third parties with whom we do business or who facilitate our business activities, including intermediaries or vendors that provide service or security solutions for our operations, and other third parties, could also be sources of operational and information security risk to us, including from breakdowns or failures of their own systems or capacity constraints. In addition, hardware, software or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. 
 
 While we have disaster recovery and other policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of the failure, interruption or security breach of our information systems, there can be no assurance that any such failures, interruptions or security breaches will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. Our risk and exposure to these matters remain heightened because of the evolving nature of these threats. As a result, cyber security and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes, and practices designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data, and networks from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a focus for us. As threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities. Disruptions or failures in the physical infrastructure or operating systems that support our businesses and customers, or cyber attacks or security breaches of the networks, systems or devices that our customers use to access our products and services, could result in customer attrition, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, reputation damage, reimbursement or other compensation costs, and/or additional compliance costs, any of which could have a material effect on our business, financial condition, or results from operations. Furthermore, if such attacks are not detected immediately, their effect could be compounded. 
 
 We recently migrated to a new property management software platform, and if this new platform proves ineffective or we experience difficulties with the recent migration, we may experience disruptions to our business that may adversely affect our results from operations. 
 
 We have completed our migration to a new property management software platform, which was recently developed by an established third party software company that focuses on the self storage space and provides such software to us and other storage operators. This new version of their software has a limited operating history. We may experience disruptions to our operations associated with the new platform. Such disruptions could include software defects or errors, system failures, technical or integration issues with specific features of the platform, technical or integration issues with other proprietary or third party technologies currently used in our business, or human error associated with the implementation of the platform, any of which could adversely affect our operations or financial reporting. Additionally, we could experience disruptions associated with capacity constraints as the new platform is utilized across our business. In the event such disruptions persist, or our personnel are unable to adequately respond to such disruptions, the ability of our employees to perform their duties could suffer, which may have an adverse effect on our results from operations. 
 
 We may be unable to promptly re-let units within our facilities at satisfactory rental rates. 
 
 Generally, our unit leases are on a month-to-month basis. Delays in re-letting units as vacancies arise would reduce our revenues and could adversely affect our operating performance. In addition, lower-than-expected rental rates and higher rental concessions upon re-letting could adversely affect our rental revenues and impede our growth. 
 
 We face risks related to an epidemic, pandemic or other health crisis, such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
 21 

We face risks related to an epidemic, pandemic or other health crisis, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic which impacts the United States, Canada and the markets in which we operate and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. Our rental revenue and operating results depend significantly on the demand for self storage space. While we have not seen a continuing material impact on the demand for self storage space resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic as of the date of this report, if the pandemic or the effects of government responses to the pandemic causes weakness in national, regional and local economies that negatively impact the demand for self storage space and/or increase bad debts, our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects could be adversely impacted. Additionally, we typically conduct aspects of our leasing activity at our facilities, as well as the offering of various ancillary products, including moving and packing supplies, such as locks and boxes, and other services, such as protection plans, tenant insurance or similar programs. Accordingly, reductions in the ability and willingness of customers to visit our facilities as a long-term effect of the COVID-19 pandemic could reduce rental revenue and ancillary operating revenue produced by our facilities. Concerns and changes in behavior as a result of a pandemic could also impact the availability of site-level personnel, which could adversely affect our ability to adequately manage our facilities. In order to prevent the spread of COVID-19 there have been, and may continue to be, temporary shut downs or restrictions placed on businesses by cities, counties, states, or the federal government. These orders have impacted, and may continue to impact, our facilities and operations. The ultimate extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or any future pandemics on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects will be driven primarily by the duration, spread, and severity of the pandemic itself, the effectiveness of vaccine and treatment developments, including against variants of COVID-19, public adoption rates of vaccines, including booster shots, as well as the duration of indirect economic impacts and potential longer term changes in consumer behavior, all of which are uncertain and difficult to predict. As a result, we are unable to estimate the effect of these factors on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects at this time. 
 
 Risks Related to Investments in Real Estate 
 
 A high concentration of our properties in a particular geographic area would magnify the effects of downturns in that geographic area. 
 
 In the event that we have a concentration of properties in any particular geographic area, any adverse situation that disproportionately affects that geographic area would have a magnified adverse effect on our portfolio. For the month of December 2022, approximately 23.0 , 20.1 , and 9.8 of our rental income was concentrated in Florida, California, and the Greater Toronto Area of Canada, respectively. 
 
 We may obtain only limited warranties when we purchase a property. 
 
 The seller of a property will often sell such property in its as is condition on a where is basis and with all faults, without any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular use or purpose. In addition, purchase agreements may contain only limited warranties, representations, and indemnifications that will only survive for a limited period after the closing. Also, many sellers of real estate are single purpose entities without significant other assets. The purchase of properties with limited warranties or from undercapitalized sellers increases the risk that we may lose some or all of our invested capital in the property as well as rental income from that property. 
 
 We may acquire or finance properties with yield maintenance or defeasance provisions, which may restrict our operational and financial flexibility. 
 
 Yield maintenance or defeasance provisions are provisions that generally require the payment of a premium in connection with the prepayment of a loan balance. Such provisions are typically provided for by the terms of the agreement underlying a loan. Yield maintenance or defeasance provisions could materially restrict us from selling or otherwise disposing of or refinancing properties. These provisions would affect our ability to turn our investments into cash and thus affect cash available for distribution to our stockholders. Yield maintenance or defeasance provisions may increase the costs of reducing the outstanding indebtedness with respect to any properties or refinancing such indebtedness. 
 
 Yield maintenance or defeasance provisions could impair our ability to take actions that would otherwise be in our stockholders best interests and, therefore, may have an adverse impact on the value of the shares, relative to the value that would result if such provisions did not exist. In particular, yield maintenance or defeasance provisions could preclude us from participating in major transactions that could result in a disposition of our assets or a change in control, even though that disposition or change in control might be in our stockholders best interests. 
 
 22 

Rising expenses could reduce cash available for future acquisitions. 
 
 Any properties that we buy in the future will be subject to operating risks common to real estate in general, any or all of which may negatively affect us. If any property is not fully occupied or if rents are being paid in an amount that is insufficient to cover operating expenses, we could be required to expend funds for that property s operating expenses. Our properties will be subject to increases in tax rates, utility costs, operating expenses, insurance costs, repairs and maintenance and administrative expenses. 
 
 If we are unable to offset such cost increases through rent increases, we could be required to fund those increases in operating costs which could adversely affect funds available for future acquisitions or cash available for distribution. 
 
 Our real estate assets may decline in value and be subject to significant impairment losses, which may reduce our net income. 
 
 We evaluate our real property assets for impairment based on events and changes in circumstances that may impact the carrying amounts of such assets. When indicators of potential impairment are present, we will assess the recoverability of the particular asset by determining whether the carrying value of the asset will be recovered, through an evaluation of the undiscounted future operating cash flows expected from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. This evaluation is based on a number of estimates and assumptions. These key assumptions are subjective in nature and may differ materially from actual results. Based on this evaluation, if the expected undiscounted future cash flows do not exceed the carrying value, we will adjust the value of the real property asset and recognize an impairment loss. Additionally, changes in our disposition strategy or changes in the marketplace may alter the holding period of an asset or asset group, which may result in an impairment loss, and such loss may be material to our financial condition or operating performance. 
 
 The fair value of real estate assets is subjective and is determined through the use of comparable sales information and other market data if available. These subjective assessments have a direct effect on our net income because recording an impairment loss results in an immediate negative adjustment to net income, which may be material. 
 
 Adverse economic conditions will negatively affect our returns and profitability. 
 
 The following market and economic challenges may adversely affect our operating results: 
 changes in national, regional, and local economic climates or demographics; 

poor economic times resulting in customer defaults under leases or bankruptcy; 

competition from other available properties and the attractiveness of our properties to our customers; 

re-leasing may require reduced rental rates under the new leases; 

increased competition for real estate assets targeted by our investment strategy; 

increased costs to repair, renovate, and re-lease our storage units; 

increased insurance premiums may reduce funds available for distribution; 

increased inflation above our ability to pass along comparable rent increases to our customers; and 

changes in interest rates and the availability of financing, which may render the sale or refinance of a property or loan difficult or unattractive. 

We are susceptible to the effects of adverse macro-economic events that can result in higher unemployment, shrinking demand for products, large-scale business failures, and tight credit markets, such as inflation, rising interest rates, or labor shortages. Because our portfolio of facilities consists of self storage facilities, we are subject to risks inherent in investments in a single industry, and our results of operations are sensitive to changes in overall economic conditions that impact consumer spending, including discretionary spending, as well as to increased bad debts. A continuation of, or slow recovery from, ongoing adverse economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income, such as employment levels, business conditions, interest rates, tax rates, and fuel and energy costs, could reduce consumer spending or cause consumers to shift their spending to other products and services. A general reduction in the level of discretionary spending or shifts in consumer discretionary spending could adversely affect our growth and profitability. 
 
 23 

If market conditions worsen, the value of the properties we acquire may decline. Further, the results of operations for a property in any one period may not be indicative of results in future periods, and the long-term performance of such property generally may not be comparable to, and cash flows may not be as predictable as, other properties owned by third parties in the same or similar industry. 
 
 Our inability to sell a property when we desire to do so could adversely impact our business and financial condition, and our inability to sell our properties at a price equal to, or greater than, the price for which we purchased such properties may lead to a decrease in the value of our assets. 
 
 The real estate market is affected by many factors, such as general economic conditions, availability of financing, interest rates and other factors, including supply and demand, that are beyond our control. Our self storage facilities, including related tangible and intangible assets, represent the majority of our total consolidated assets and they may not be readily convertible to cash. As a result, our ability to sell one or more of our self storage facilities in response to changes in economic, industry, or other conditions, may be limited. We cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any property for the price or on the terms set by us, or whether any price or other terms offered by a prospective purchaser would be acceptable to us. We cannot predict the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close the sale of a property. Real estate generally cannot be sold quickly. Also, the tax laws applicable to REITs require that we hold our facilities for investment, rather than for sale in the ordinary course of business, which may cause us to forego or defer sales of facilities that otherwise would be in our best interest. Therefore, we may not be able to dispose of facilities promptly, or on favorable terms, in response to economic or other market conditions, and this may adversely impact our business and financial condition. 
 
 In addition, we may be required to expend funds to correct defects or to make improvements before a property can be sold. We cannot assure our stockholders that we will have funds available to correct such defects or to make such improvements. 
 
 In acquiring a property, we may agree to restrictions that prohibit the sale of that property for a period of time or impose other restrictions, such as a limitation on the amount of debt that can be placed or repaid on that property. These provisions would also restrict our ability to sell a property. Additionally, we may acquire our properties at a time when capitalization rates are at historically low levels and purchase prices are high. Therefore, the value of our properties may not increase over time, which may restrict our ability to sell our properties, or in the event we are able to sell such property, may lead to a sale price less than the price that we paid to purchase the properties. 
 
 If we suffer losses that are not covered by insurance or that are in excess of insurance coverage, we could lose invested capital and anticipated profits. 
 
 Material losses may occur in excess of insurance proceeds with respect to any property, as insurance may not be sufficient to fund the losses. However, there are types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as losses due to wars, acts of terrorism, earthquakes, floods, fires, hurricanes, pollution or environmental matters, which are either uninsurable or not economically insurable, or may be insured subject to limitations such as large deductibles or co-payments. These insurance risks could sharply increase the premiums we pay for coverage against property and casualty claims. Additionally, mortgage lenders in some cases require that commercial property owners purchase specific coverage against terrorism as a condition for providing mortgage loans. It is uncertain whether such insurance policies will be available, or available at reasonable cost, which could inhibit our ability to finance or refinance our potential properties. In these instances, we may be required to provide other financial support, either through financial assurances or self-insurance, to cover potential losses. We cannot assure our stockholders that we will have adequate coverage for such losses. If such an event damaged or destroyed one or more of our properties, we could lose both our invested capital and anticipated profits from such property. 
 
 Our joint venture investments could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority. 
 
 We hold interests in certain properties through joint ventures. Some of these arrangements could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on co-venturers financial conditions, and disputes between us and our co-venturers. We expect to continue our joint venture strategy by entering into more joint ventures for the purposes of developing new properties and acquiring properties with existing facilities. In such event, we would not be in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding the property, partnership, joint venture, or other entity. In addition, investments in partnerships, joint ventures or other entities may, under certain circumstances, involve risks not present were a third party not involved, including the possibility that partners or co-venturers might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions. Partners or co-venturers may have economic or other business interests or goals which are inconsistent with our business interests or goals, and may be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or 
 24 

objectives. Such investments may also have the potential risk of impasses on decisions, such as a sale, because neither we nor the partner or co-venturer would have full control over the partnership or joint venture. Disputes between us and partners or co-venturers may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent our officers and/or directors from focusing their time and efforts on our business. Consequently, actions by or disputes with partners or co-venturers might result in subjecting properties owned by the partnership or joint venture to additional risk. In addition, we may in certain circumstances be liable for the actions of our third-party partners or co-venturers, which could harm our financial condition. 
 
 We disclose funds from operations and funds from operations, as adjusted, each a non-GAAP financial measure, in communications with investors, including documents filed with the SEC. However, funds from operations and funds from operations, as adjusted, are not equivalent to our net income or loss or cash flow from operations as determined under GAAP, and stockholders should consider GAAP measures to be more relevant to our operating performance. 
 
 We use, and we disclose to investors, funds from operations FFO and FFO, as adjusted, which are non-GAAP financial measures. FFO and FFO, as adjusted, are not equivalent to our net income or loss or cash flow from operations as determined in accordance with GAAP, and investors should consider GAAP measures to be more relevant in evaluating our operating performance and ability to pay distributions. FFO and FFO, as adjusted, differ from GAAP net income because FFO and FFO, as adjusted, exclude gains or losses from sales of property and asset impairment write downs, plus depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. Adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures are calculated to reflect FFO on the same basis. In determining FFO, as adjusted, we make further adjustments to FFO to exclude the effects of non-real estate related asset impairments and intangible amortization, acquisition related costs, other write-offs incurred in connection with acquisitions, contingent earnout expenses, accretion of fair value of debt adjustments, gains or losses from extinguishment of debt, accretion of deferred tax liabilities, realized and unrealized gains/losses on foreign exchange transactions, and gains/losses on foreign exchange and interest rate derivatives not designated for hedge accounting. FFO, as adjusted, also reflects adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and jointly owned investments. 
 
 Because of these differences, FFO and FFO, as adjusted, may not be accurate indicators of our operating performance, especially during periods in which we are acquiring properties. In addition, FFO and FFO, as adjusted, are not indicative of cash flow available to fund cash needs and investors should not consider FFO and FFO, as adjusted, as alternatives to cash flows from operations or an indication of our liquidity or of funds available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Neither the SEC nor any other regulatory body has passed judgment on the acceptability of the adjustments that we use to calculate FFO and FFO, as adjusted. Also, because not all companies calculate FFO and FFO, as adjusted, the same way, comparisons with other companies may not be meaningful. 
 
 Costs of complying with governmental laws and regulations, including those relating to environmental matters, may adversely affect our income and the cash available for distribution. 
 
 All real property, including our self storage properties, and the operations conducted on real property are subject to federal, state, and local laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and human health and safety. These laws and regulations generally govern wastewater discharges, air emissions, the operation and removal of underground and above-ground storage tanks, the generation, use, storage, treatment, transportation, release, and disposal of solid and hazardous materials and wastes, and the remediation of contamination. Some of these laws and regulations may impose joint and several liability on customers, owners, or operators for the costs to investigate or remediate contaminated properties, regardless of fault or whether the acts causing the contamination were legal at the time. This liability could be substantial. In addition, the presence of hazardous substances (including asbestos or asbestos-containing materials and mold), or the failure to properly remediate these substances, may expose us to legal actions, and may adversely affect our ability to sell or rent a property, or to pledge such property as collateral for future borrowings. 
 
 Some of these laws and regulations have been amended so as to require compliance with new or more stringent standards as of future dates. Compliance with new or more stringent laws or regulations or stricter interpretation of existing laws may require us to incur material expenditures. Future laws, ordinances or regulations may impose material environmental liability. Additionally, our customers activities, the existing condition of land when we buy it, operations in the vicinity of our properties, such as the presence of underground storage tanks, or activities of unrelated third parties may affect our properties. In addition, there are various local, state, and federal fire, health, life-safety, and similar regulations with which we may be required to comply, and that may subject us to liability in the form of fines or damages for noncompliance. Any material expenditures, fines, or damages we must pay will reduce our ability to continue to pay distributions at the current rate to our stockholders and may reduce the value of our stockholders investments. 
 25 

We cannot assure our stockholders that the independent third party environmental assessments we obtain prior to acquiring any properties we purchase will reveal all environmental liabilities, or that a prior owner, occupant, or neighbor of a property did not create a material environmental condition not known to us. We also cannot assure that the current environmental condition of our properties will not be affected by neighbors and occupants, by the condition of nearby properties, or by other unrelated third parties. We cannot predict what other environmental legislation or regulations will be enacted in the future, how existing or future laws or regulations will be administered or interpreted, or what environmental conditions may be found to exist in the future. Finally, we cannot assure our stockholders that our business, assets, results of operations, liquidity, or financial condition will not be adversely affected by these laws, which may adversely affect cash available for distribution, and the amount of distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Climate change may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 
 Climate change, including the impact of global warming, creates physical and financial risks. Physical risks from climate change include an increase in sea levels and changes in weather conditions, such as an increase in storm intensity and severity of weather (e.g., floods, tornadoes or hurricanes) and extreme temperatures. The occurrence of sea level rise or one or more natural disasters, such as floods, tornadoes, hurricanes, tropical storms, wildfires, and earthquakes (whether or not caused by climate change), could cause considerable damage to our properties, disrupt our operations and negatively affect our financial performance. To the extent any of these events results in significant damage to or closure of one or more of our properties, our operations and financial performance could be adversely affected through an inability to lease or re-lease the property. In addition, these events could result in significant expenses to restore or remediate a property, increases in fuel or other energy costs or a fuel shortage, and increases in the costs of (or making unavailable) insurance on favorable terms if they result in significant loss of property or other insurable damage. In addition, transition risks associated with new or more stringent laws or regulations or stricter interpretations of existing laws or regulations may require material expenditures by us. For example, various federal, state, and regional laws and regulations have been implemented or are under consideration to mitigate the effects of climate change caused by greenhouse gas emissions. Among other things, green building codes may seek to reduce emissions through the imposition of standards for design, construction materials, water and energy usage and efficiency, and waste management. Such codes could require us to make improvements to our properties, increase the costs of maintaining or improving our properties or developing new properties, or increase taxes and fees assessed on us or our properties. 
 
 Costs of complying with governmental laws and regulations, including those relating to regulations accommodating disabilities, may affect cash available for distribution. 
 
 We are subject to various rules, regulations and standards with respect to accommodations we must make for individuals with disabilities. For example, in the United States, under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, or ADA, all public accommodations and commercial facilities are required to meet certain federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. We are also subject to similar requirements in Ontario, Canada, under the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, or AODA. Under these regulations, places of public accommodation, which include our self storage facilities, are required to comply with certain requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. These requirements could require removal of access barriers and could result in the imposition of injunctive relief, monetary penalties, or, in some cases, an award of damages. We will attempt to acquire properties that comply with such regulations or place the burden on the seller or other third party to ensure compliance with such regulations. However, we cannot assure our stockholders that we will be able to acquire properties or allocate responsibilities in this manner. If we cannot, our funds used for such compliance may affect cash available for distribution and the amount of distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Property taxes may increase, which would adversely affect our net operating income and cash available for distributions. 
 
 Each of the properties we acquire will be subject to real property taxes. Some local real property tax assessors may seek to reassess some of our properties as a result of our acquisition of the property. From time to time, our property taxes may increase as property values or assessment rates change or for other reasons deemed relevant by the assessors. In addition, state or local governments may increase tax rates or assessment levels. Increases in real property taxes will adversely affect our net operating income and cash available for distributions. 
 
 For example, a current California law commonly referred to as Proposition 13 generally limits annual real estate tax increases on California properties to 2 of assessed value. Accordingly, the assessed value and resulting property tax we pay is less than it would be if the properties were assessed at current values. If Proposition 13 is repealed or amended in a way that reduces its beneficial impact, our property tax expense could increase substantially for our properties located in California, adversely affecting our net operating income and cash available for distributions. 
 26 

Investments in properties or other real estate investments outside the United States subject us to foreign currency risks, which may adversely affect distributions and our REIT status. 
 
 Revenues generated from any properties or other real estate investments we acquire or ventures we enter into relating to transactions involving assets located in markets outside the United States likely will be denominated in the local currency. Therefore, any investments we make outside the United States may subject us to foreign currency risk due to potential fluctuations in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar. As a result, changes in exchange rates of any such foreign currency to U.S. dollars may affect our revenues, operating margins, and distributions and may also affect the book value of our assets and the amount of stockholders equity. 
 
 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates used to value a REIT s foreign assets may be considered changes in the value of the REIT s assets. These changes may adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. Further, bank accounts in foreign currency which are not considered cash or cash equivalents may adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 Changes in the Canadian Dollar/USD exchange rate could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and value of the investment of our stockholders. 
 
 We have purchased and may continue to purchase properties in Canada. In addition, our Managed REITs own properties in Canada where we, through our subsidiaries, serve as the property manager. As a result, our financial results may be adversely affected by fluctuations in the Canadian Dollar/USD exchange rate. We cannot predict with any certainty changes in foreign currency exchange rates or our ability to mitigate these risks. Several factors may affect the Canadian Dollar/USD exchange rate, including: 
 sovereign debt levels and trade deficits; 

domestic and foreign inflation rates and interest rates and investors expectations concerning those rates; 

other currency exchange rates; 

changing supply and demand for a particular currency; 

monetary policies of governments; 

changes in balances of payments and trade; 

trade restrictions; 

direct sovereign intervention, such as currency devaluations and revaluations; 

investment and trading activities of mutual funds, hedge funds, and currency funds; and 

other global or regional political, economic, or financial events and situations. 

These events and actions are unpredictable. In addition, the Canadian Dollar may not maintain its long term value in terms of purchasing power in the future. The resulting volatility in the Canadian Dollar/USD exchange rate could materially and adversely affect our performance. 
 
 We are subject to additional risks due to the location of any of the properties that we either own or operate in Canada. 
 
 In addition to currency exchange rates, the value of any properties we purchase in Canada may be affected by factors peculiar to the laws and business practices of Canada. Canadian laws and business practices may expose us to risks that are different from and in addition to those commonly found in the United States. Ownership and operation of foreign assets pose several risks, including, but not limited to the following: 
 the burden of complying with both Canadian and United States laws; 

changing governmental rules and policies, including changes in land use and zoning laws, more stringent environmental laws or changes in such laws; 

existing or new Canadian laws relating to the foreign ownership of real property or loans and laws restricting the ability of Canadian persons or companies to remove profits earned from activities within the country to the person s or company s country of origin; 

27 

the potential for expropriation; 

possible currency transfer restrictions; 

imposition of adverse or confiscatory taxes; 

changes in real estate and other tax rates or laws and changes in other operating expenses in Canada; 

possible challenges to the anticipated tax treatment of our revenue and our properties; 

adverse market conditions caused by terrorism, civil unrest and changes in national or local governmental or economic conditions; 

the potential difficulty of enforcing obligations in other countries; 

changes in the availability, cost, and terms of loan funds resulting from varying Canadian economic policies; and 

our limited experience and expertise in foreign countries relative to our experience and expertise in the United States. 

Risks Associated with Debt Financing 
 
 We have broad authority to incur debt, and high debt levels could hinder our ability to continue to pay distributions at the current rate and could decrease the value of our stockholders investments. 
 
 Our board may approve unlimited levels of debt. High debt levels would cause us to incur higher interest charges, would result in higher debt service payments, and could be accompanied by restrictive covenants. These factors could limit the amount of cash we have available to distribute and could result in a decline in the value of our stockholders investments. 
 
 We have incurred and intend to continue to incur, mortgage indebtedness and other borrowings, which may increase our business risks. 
 
 We have placed, and intend to continue to place, permanent financing on our properties and we may obtain additional credit facilities or other similar financing arrangements in order to acquire additional properties. In particular, we have a Credit Facility with KeyBank, National Association of up to 700 million, of which approximately 618.2 million was outstanding as of December 31, 2022. We are also party to the Note Purchase Agreement, whereby we issued to the purchasers an aggregate of 150 million of secured notes payable. The notes carry a fixed interest rate of 4.53 , which may increase to 5.28 if certain leverage thresholds are not achieved. The credit facility and the notes are subject to a series of financial and other covenants. See Note 5 Debt, for additional information. We may also incur mortgage debt and pledge all or some of our real properties as security for that debt to obtain funds to acquire real properties. If we default on our secured indebtedness, the lender may foreclose and we could lose our entire investment in the properties securing such loan, which could adversely affect distributions to our stockholders. To the extent lenders require us to cross-collateralize our properties, or our loan agreements contain cross-default provisions, a default under a single loan agreement could subject multiple properties to foreclosure. 
 
 In addition, we may borrow if we need funds to pay a desired distribution rate to our stockholders. We may also borrow if we deem it necessary or advisable to assure that we maintain our qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. If there is a shortfall between the cash flow from our properties and the cash flow needed to service mortgage debt, then the amount available for distribution to our stockholders may be reduced. 
 
 If we or the other parties to our loans or secured notes payable, as applicable, breach covenants thereunder, such loan or loans or secured notes payable could be deemed in default, which could accelerate our repayment date and materially adversely affect the value of our stockholders investment in us. 
 
 Certain of our loans are secured by first mortgages on some of our properties, and other loans and our secured notes payable are secured by pledges of equity interests in the entities that own certain of our properties. Such loans and our secured notes payable also impose a number of financial or other covenant requirements on us. If we, or the other parties to these loans or notes, should breach certain of those financial or other covenant requirements, or otherwise default on such loans or notes, then the respective lenders or noteholders, as the case may be, could accelerate our repayment dates. If we do not have sufficient cash to repay the applicable loan or note at that time, such lenders or noteholder could foreclose on the property securing the applicable loan or note or take control of the pledged collateral, as the case may be. Such foreclosure 
 28 

could result in a material loss for us and would adversely affect the value of our stockholders investment in us. In addition, certain of our loans are cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted with each other such that a default under one loan would cause a default under the other loans. 
 
 Our obligation to make balloon payments could increase the risk of default. 
 
 Our debt may have balloon payments of up to 100 of the principal amount of such loans due on the respective maturity dates. Thus, such debt will have a substantial payment due at the scheduled maturity date, unless previously prepaid or refinanced. Loans with a substantial remaining principal balance on their stated maturity involve greater degrees of risk of non-payment at stated maturity than fully amortizing loans. As a result, our ability to repay such loans on their respective maturity dates will largely depend upon our ability either to prepay such loans, refinance such loans or to sell, to the extent permitted, all or a portion of the properties encumbered by such loans, if any. Our ability to accomplish any of these goals will be affected by a number of factors at the time of attempted prepayment, refinancing, or sale, including, but not limited to: (i) the availability of, and competition for, credit for commercial real estate; (ii) prevailing interest rates; (iii) the net operating income generated by our properties; (iv) the fair market value of our properties; (v) our equity in our properties; (vi) our financial condition; (vii) the operating history and occupancy level of our properties; (viii) the tax laws; and (ix) the prevailing general and regional economic conditions. 
 
 Lenders have required and will likely continue to require us to enter into restrictive covenants relating to our operations, which could limit our ability to continue to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 When providing financing, lenders often impose restrictions on us that affect our distribution and operating policies and our ability to incur additional debt. Loan documents we enter into may contain covenants that limit our ability to further mortgage the property or discontinue insurance coverage. We are also required to obtain the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock before entering into certain transactions. These or other limitations may adversely affect our flexibility and limit our ability to continue to pay distributions at the current rate to our stockholders. If the limits set forth in these covenants prevent us from satisfying our distribution requirements, we could fail to qualify for federal income tax purposes as a REIT. If the limits set forth in these covenants do not jeopardize our qualification for taxation as a REIT, but prevent us from distributing 100 of our REIT taxable income, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax, and potentially a nondeductible excise tax, on the retained amounts. 
 
 Increases in interest rates could increase the amount of our debt payments and adversely affect our ability to continue to pay distributions at the current rate to our stockholders. 
 
 We currently have outstanding debt payments which are indexed to variable interest rates. We may also incur additional debt or issue preferred equity in the future which rely on variable interest rates. Increases in these variable rates have occurred and may continue in the future which increases our interest costs and preferred equity distribution payments, which would likely reduce our cash flows and potentially negatively impact our ability to continue to pay distributions at the current rate to our stockholders. In addition, if we need to make payments on instruments which contain variable interest during periods of rising interest rates, we could be required to liquidate one or more of our investments in properties at times that may not permit realization of the maximum return on such investments. 
 
 Further, as a result of the discontinuation of the London Interbank Offered Rate, or LIBOR, beginning in 2021, our variable rate debt is currently indexed to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR. SOFR is a relatively new reference rate, has a very limited history and is based on short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities. Changes in SOFR can be volatile and difficult to predict, and there can be no assurance that SOFR will perform similarly to the way LIBOR would have performed at any time. As a result, the amount of interest we may pay on our credit facilities is difficult to predict. 
 
 Disruptions in the credit markets could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Domestic and international financial markets have experienced significant disruptions in the past which were brought about in large part by failures in the U.S. banking system. These disruptions severely impacted the availability of credit and contributed to rising costs associated with obtaining credit. Future credit market disruptions may have similar effects or otherwise make obtaining additional and replacement external sources of liquidity more difficult and more costly, if available at all. If debt financing is not available on terms and conditions we find acceptable, we may not be able to obtain financing for investments. If these disruptions in the credit markets resurface, our ability to borrow monies to finance the purchase of, or other activities related to, real estate assets will be negatively impacted. If we are unable to borrow monies on terms and 
 29 

conditions that we find acceptable, we may be forced to use a greater proportion of our Offering proceeds to finance our acquisitions, reduce the number of properties we can purchase, and/or dispose of some of our assets. These disruptions could also adversely affect the return on the properties we do purchase. In addition, if we pay fees to lock in a favorable interest rate, falling interest rates or other factors could require us to forfeit these fees. All of these events would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and ability to pay distributions. 
 
 Federal Income Tax Risks 
 
 Failure to continue to qualify as a REIT would adversely affect our operations and our ability to continue to pay distributions at our current level as we will incur additional tax liabilities. 
 
 We elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2014. We believe that our organization and method of operation has enabled and will continue to enable us to meet the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Qualification as a REIT involves highly technical and complex Code provisions for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. Our qualification as a REIT will depend upon our ability to meet, through investments, actual operating results, distributions and satisfaction of specific stockholder rules, the various tests imposed by the Code. 
 
 If we fail to qualify as a REIT for any taxable year, we will be subject to federal income tax on our taxable income at the regular corporate rate, which would reduce our net earnings available for investment or distribution to stockholders. If our REIT status is terminated for any reason, we would generally be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year of such termination. In addition, we would no longer be required to make distributions to stockholders, and distributions we do make would no longer qualify for the dividends paid deduction. In addition, if we fail to qualify as a REIT, we may be required to repurchase the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. If this occurs, we might be required to borrow funds or liquidate some investments in order to pay the applicable tax and redeem holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 In the event that any REIT we have acquired in a nontaxable merger transaction, including SST IV or SSGT II, is found to have failed to qualify as a REIT for any period prior to our acquisition, we may be liable for certain entity level taxes of such acquired REIT for such tax periods as a result of such acquisition, that could substantially reduce our cash available for distribution, including cash available to pay dividends to our stockholders, because the acquired REIT would be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on its net income for the years it did not qualify for taxation as a REIT (and, for such years, would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid to stockholders in computing its taxable income). 
 
 In addition, if any such acquired REIT, including SST IV or SSGT II, failed to qualify as a REIT for any taxable period prior to our acquisition, in the event of a taxable disposition of an asset formerly held by such acquired REIT during a period of up to five years following our acquisition, we would be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax with respect to any built-in gain inherent in such asset as of the closing of our acquisition. 
 
 Qualification as a REIT is subject to the satisfaction of tax requirements and various factual matters and circumstances that are not entirely within our control. New legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could change the tax laws with respect to qualification as a REIT or the federal income tax consequences of being a REIT. Our failure to continue to qualify as a REIT would adversely affect the return of our stockholders investment. 
 
 To qualify as a REIT, and to avoid the payment of U.S. federal income and excise taxes and maintain our REIT status, we may be forced to borrow funds, use proceeds from the issuance of securities, or sell assets to pay distributions, which may result in our distributing amounts that may otherwise be used for our operations. 
 
 To obtain the favorable tax treatment accorded to REITs, we normally will be required each year to distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and by excluding net capital gains. We will be subject to federal income tax on our undistributed REIT taxable income and net capital gain and subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on any amount by which dividends we pay with respect to any calendar year are less than the sum of (1) 85 of our ordinary income, (2) 95 of our capital gain net income, and (3) 100 of our undistributed income from prior years. These requirements could cause us to distribute amounts that otherwise would be spent on the acquisition, maintenance or development of properties and it is possible that we might be required to borrow funds, use proceeds from the issuance of securities or sell assets in order to distribute enough of our taxable income to maintain our REIT status and to avoid the payment of federal income and excise taxes. We may be required to make distributions to stockholders at times it would be more advantageous to reinvest cash in our business or when we do not have cash readily available for distribution, and we may be forced to liquidate assets on terms and at times unfavorable to us. 
 30 

These methods of obtaining funding could affect future distributions by increasing operating costs and decreasing available cash. 
 
 Our stockholders may have tax liability on distributions they elect to reinvest in our common stock. 
 
 If our stockholders participate in our distribution reinvestment plan, our stockholders will be deemed to have received, and for income tax purposes will be taxed on, the amount reinvested in common stock to the extent the amount reinvested was not a tax-free return of capital. As a result, unless our stockholders are a tax-exempt entity, our stockholders may have to use funds from other sources to pay their tax liability on the value of the common stock received. 
 
 If any of our partnerships fails to maintain its status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, its income would be subject to taxation and our REIT status may be terminated. 
 
 We intend to maintain the status of our partnerships, including our Operating Partnership, as partnerships for federal income tax purposes. However, if the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) were to successfully challenge the status of any of our partnerships as a partnership, it would be taxable as a corporation. Such an event would reduce the amount of distributions that such partnership could make to us. This would substantially reduce our cash available to pay distributions and the return on our stockholders investments. In addition, if any of the entities through which any of our partnerships owns its properties, in whole or in part, loses its characterization as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, it generally would be subject to taxation as a corporation, thereby reducing distributions to such partnership. Such a recharacterization of any of our partnerships or an underlying property owner could also cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT, which would substantially reduce our cash available to pay distributions and the return on our stockholders investments. 
 
 In certain circumstances, we may be subject to federal and state income taxes as a REIT, which would reduce our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 
 Even if we qualify and maintain our status as a REIT, we may be subject to federal income taxes or state taxes. For example, net income from a prohibited transaction will be subject to a 100 tax. We may not be able to make sufficient distributions to avoid excise taxes applicable to REITs. We may also decide to retain income we earn from the sale or other disposition of our property and pay income tax directly on such income. In that event, our stockholders would be treated as if they earned that income and paid the tax on it directly. However, stockholders that are tax-exempt, such as charities or qualified pension plans, would have no benefit from their deemed payment of such tax liability. We may also be subject to state and local taxes on our income or property, either directly, at the level of our Operating Partnership, or at the level of any other companies through which we indirectly own our assets. Any federal or state taxes we pay will reduce our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 
 We may be required to pay some taxes due to actions of our taxable REIT subsidiaries, which would reduce our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 
 Any net taxable income earned by our taxable REIT subsidiaries, or TRSs, will be subject to federal and possibly state corporate income tax. We have elected to treat SmartStop TRS, Inc. as a TRS, and we may elect to treat other subsidiaries as TRSs in the future. In this regard, several provisions of the laws applicable to REITs and their subsidiaries ensure that a TRS will be subject to an appropriate level of federal income taxation. For example, the REIT has to pay a 100 penalty tax on some payments that it receives or on some deductions taken by a TRS if the economic arrangements between the REIT, the REIT s customers, and the TRS are not comparable to similar arrangements between unrelated parties. Finally, some state and local jurisdictions may tax some of our income even though as a REIT we are not subject to federal income tax on that income, because not all states and localities follow the federal income tax treatment of REITs. To the extent that we and our affiliates are required to pay federal, state, and local taxes, we will have less cash available for distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Distributions to tax-exempt investors may be classified as unrelated business taxable income. 
 
 Neither ordinary nor capital gain distributions with respect to our common stock, nor gain from the sale of common stock, should generally constitute unrelated business taxable income, or UBTI, to a tax-exempt investor. However, there are certain exceptions to this rule. In particular: 
 part of the income and gain recognized by certain qualified employee pension trusts with respect to our common stock may be treated as UBTI if shares of our common stock are predominately held by qualified employee pension trusts, and we are required to rely on a special look-through rule for purposes of meeting one 

31 

of the REIT share ownership tests, and we are not operated in a manner to avoid treatment of such income or gain as UBTI; 

part of the income and gain recognized by a tax-exempt investor with respect to our common stock would constitute UBTI if the investor incurs debt in order to acquire the common stock; and 

part or all of the income or gain recognized with respect to our common stock by social clubs, voluntary employee benefit associations and supplemental unemployment benefit trusts which are exempt from federal income taxation under Sections 501(c)(7), (9), or (17) of the Code may be treated as UBTI. 

Complying with the REIT requirements may cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities. 
 
 To qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of shares of our stock. We may be required to make distributions to stockholders at disadvantageous times or when we do not have funds readily available for distribution, or we may be required to liquidate otherwise attractive investments in order to comply with the REIT tests. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to operate solely on the basis of maximizing profits. 
 
 To maintain our REIT qualification, we may be forced to borrow funds during unfavorable market conditions. 
 
 In order to maintain our REIT qualification and avoid the payment of income and excise taxes, we may need to borrow funds to meet the REIT distribution requirements even if the then prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings. These borrowing needs could result from, among other things, timing differences between the actual receipt of cash and inclusion of income for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or the effect of non-deductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves or required debt or amortization payments. These sources, however, may not be available on favorable terms or at all. Our access to third-party sources of capital depends on a number of factors, including the market s perception of our growth potential, current debt levels, and our current and potential future earnings. We cannot assure you that we will have access to such capital on favorable terms at the desired times, or at all, which may cause us to curtail investment activities and/or to dispose of assets at inopportune times, and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. 
 
 Individuals with incomes below certain thresholds are subject to taxation at a 15 qualified dividend rate for federal income tax purposes. For those with income above such thresholds, the qualified dividend rate is 20 . These tax rates are generally not applicable to dividends paid by a REIT, unless such dividends represent earnings on which the REIT itself has been taxed. As a result, dividends (other than capital gain dividends) we pay to individual investors generally will be subject to the tax rates that are otherwise applicable to ordinary income for federal income tax purposes, subject to a deduction for REIT dividends of up to 20 . This disparity in tax treatment may make an investment in our shares comparatively less attractive to individual investors than an investment in the shares of non-REIT corporations, and could have an adverse effect on the value of our common stock. 
 
 Foreign purchasers of our common stock may be subject to FIRPTA tax upon the sale of their shares. 
 
 A foreign person disposing of a U.S. real property interest, including shares of a U.S. corporation whose assets consist principally of U.S. real property interests, is generally subject to a tax, known as FIRPTA tax, on the gain recognized on the disposition. Such FIRPTA tax does not apply, however, to the disposition of stock in a REIT if the REIT is domestically controlled. A REIT is domestically controlled if less than 50 of the REIT s stock, by value, has been owned directly or indirectly by persons who are not qualifying U.S. persons during a continuous five-year period ending on the date of disposition or, if shorter, during the entire period of the REIT s existence. 
 
 We believe, but cannot guarantee, that we will be a domestically controlled REIT. If we were to fail to so qualify, gain realized by foreign investors on a sale of our shares would be subject to FIRPTA tax, unless our shares were traded on an established securities market and the foreign investor did not at any time during a specified testing period directly or indirectly own more than 10 of the value of our outstanding common stock. 
 
 Legislative or other actions affecting REITs materially and adversely affect our stockholders and us. 
 
 32 

The rules dealing with federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the IRS and the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Changes to the tax laws, with or without retroactive application, could materially and adversely affect our stockholders and us. We cannot predict how changes in the tax laws might affect our investors or us. New legislation, Treasury Regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect our ability to qualify as a REIT or the federal income tax consequences of such qualification, or the federal income tax consequences of an investment in us. Also, the law relating to the tax treatment of other entities, or an investment in other entities, could change, making an investment in other entities more attractive relative to an investment in a REIT. 
 
 ERISA Risks 
 
 If our assets are deemed to be plan assets, we may be exposed to liabilities under Title I of Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, or ERISA, and the Code. 
 
 In some circumstances where an ERISA plan holds an interest in an entity, the assets of the entity are deemed to be ERISA plan assets unless an exception applies. This is known as the look-through rule. Under those circumstances, the obligations and other responsibilities of plan sponsors, plan fiduciaries and plan administrators, and of parties in interest and disqualified persons, under Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, may be applicable, and there may be liability under these and other provisions of ERISA and the Code. We believe that we will meet the publicly-offered securities exception and the operating company exception under the plan asset regulations. We note, however, that because certain limitations are imposed upon the transferability of shares of our common stock so that we may qualify as a REIT, and perhaps for other reasons, it is possible that these exceptions may not apply. If that is the case, and if we are exposed to liability under ERISA or the Code, our performance and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 There are special considerations that apply to qualified pension or profit-sharing trusts or IRAs investing in our shares which could cause an investment in our company to be a prohibited transaction and could result in additional tax consequences. 
 
 If our stockholders are investing the assets of a qualified pension, profit-sharing, 401(k), Keogh, or other qualified retirement plan or the assets of an IRA in our common stock, they should satisfy themselves that, among other things: 
 their investment is consistent with their fiduciary obligations under ERISA and the Code; 

their investment is made in accordance with the documents and instruments governing their plan or IRA, including their plan s investment policy; 

their investment satisfies the prudence and diversification requirements of ERISA; 

their investment will not impair the liquidity of the plan or IRA; 

their investment will not produce UBTI for the plan or IRA; 

they will be able to value the assets of the plan annually in accordance with ERISA requirements; and 

their investment will not constitute a prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 

Persons investing the assets of employee benefit plans, IRAs, and other tax-favored benefit accounts should consider ERISA and related risks of investing in the shares. 
 
 ERISA and Code Section 4975 prohibit certain transactions that involve (1) certain pension, profit-sharing, employee benefit, or retirement plans or individual retirement accounts and Keogh plans, and (2) any person who is a party-in-interest or disqualified person with respect to such a plan. Consequently, the fiduciary of a plan contemplating an investment in the shares should consider whether we, any other person associated with the issuance of the shares, or any of their affiliates is or might become a party-in-interest or disqualified person with respect to the plan and, if so, whether an exemption from such prohibited transaction rules is applicable. In addition, the Department of Labor DOL plan asset regulations provide that, subject to certain exceptions, the assets of an entity in which a plan holds an equity interest may be treated as assets of an investing plan, in which event the underlying assets of such entity (and transactions involving such assets) would be subject to the prohibited transaction provisions. We intend to take such steps as may be necessary to qualify us for one or more of the exemptions available, and thereby prevent our assets as being treated as assets of any investing plan. 
 ITEM 1B. 	 UNRESOLV ED STAFF COMMENTS 
 33 

Not applicable. 
 ITEM 2. 	 PR OPERTIES 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned 153 operating self storage facilities located in 19 states (Alabama, Arizona, California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, New Jersey, Nevada, North Carolina, Ohio, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin) and the Greater Toronto Area of Ontario, Canada, comprising approximately 103,000 units and approximately 11.8 million rentable square feet. 
 See Note 5 Debt, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report for more information about our indebtedness secured by our properties. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our wholly-owned self storage portfolio was comprised as follows: 

State 
 
 No. of Properties 

Units (1) 

Sq. Ft. (net) (2) 

of Total Rentable Sq. Ft. 

Physical Occupancy (3) 

Rental Income (4) 

Alabama 

1 

1,090 

163,300 

1.4 

92.7 

0.7 

Arizona 

4 

3,130 

329,100 

2.8 

91.9 

2.7 

California 

29 

19,195 

2,030,300 

17.1 

92.3 

20.1 

Colorado 

8 

4,550 

493,085 

4.2 

89.8 

3.6 

Florida 

26 

19,870 

2,363,100 

20.1 

93.1 

23.0 

Illinois 

6 

3,785 

429,500 

3.6 

91.4 

2.9 

Indiana 

2 

1,030 

112,700 

1.0 

91.3 

0.6 

Massachusetts 

1 

840 

93,200 

0.8 

93.8 

1.9 

Maryland 

2 

1,610 

169,500 

1.4 

91.7 

1.4 

Michigan 

4 

2,220 

266,100 

2.3 

92.9 

1.8 

New Jersey 

2 

2,350 

205,100 

1.7 

90.6 

1.8 

Nevada 

9 

7,160 

865,000 

7.3 

92.0 

6.9 

North Carolina 

19 

9,190 

1,192,400 

10.1 

92.8 

8.4 

Ohio 

5 

2,310 

279,700 

2.4 

91.7 

1.5 

South Carolina 

3 

1,940 

246,000 

2.1 

93.6 

1.6 

Texas 

12 

6,960 

919,300 

7.8 

93.0 

6.7 

Virginia 

1 

830 

71,100 

0.6 

92.8 

0.8 

Washington 

5 

3,427 

390,545 

3.3 

89.3 

3.3 

Wisconsin 

1 

780 

83,400 

0.7 

91.0 

0.5 

Ontario, Canada 

13 

10,610 

1,092,300 

9.3 

93.2 

9.8 

Total 

153 

102,877 

11,794,730 

100 

92.4 

100 

(1) Includes all rentable units, consisting of storage units and parking (approximately 3,400 units). 

(2) Includes all rentable square feet, consisting of storage units and parking (approximately 1,016,000 square feet). 

(3) Represents the occupied square feet of all facilities we owned in a state or province divided by total rentable square feet of all the facilities we owned in such state or area as of December 31, 2022. 

(4) Represents rental income (excludes administrative fees, late fees, and other ancillary income) for all facilities we owned in a state or province divided by our total rental income for the month ended December 31, 2022. 

Additionally, we own our office located at 10 Terrace Rd, Ladera Ranch, California (the Ladera Office which houses our corporate headquarters. 
 As a result of the SST IV Merger, we acquired six self storage real estate joint ventures located in the Greater Toronto Area of Ontario, Canada, five of which were operating properties and one of which was under development as of December 31, 2022. As a result of the SSGT II Merger, we acquired three self storage real estate joint ventures located in the Greater Toronto Area of Ontario, Canada, two of which were operational and one of which was under development as of December 31, 2022. These joint venture agreements are with a subsidiary of SmartCentres, an unaffiliated third party, to acquire, develop, and operate self storage facilities. On May 25, 2022, we, as 50 owner and SmartCentres as the other 50 owner of a joint venture subsidiary, purchased a single tenant industrial building located in the city of Burnaby, British Columbia (the Regent Property ), that we and SmartCentres intend to develop into a self storage facility in the future. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, on January 12, 2023 we as 50 owner and SmartCentres as the other 50 owner of a joint venture subsidiary, acquired a parcel of land in Whitby, Ontario (the Whitby Property ), that we and SmartCentres intend to develop into a self storage facility in the future. 
 34 

We account for these investments using the equity method of accounting and they are stated at cost and adjusted for our share of net earnings or losses and reduced by distributions and increased for contributions. Equity in earnings (loss) will generally be recognized based on our ownership interest in the earnings (loss) of each of the unconsolidated investments. 
 The following table summarizes our 50 ownership interests in unconsolidated real estate ventures in the Greater Toronto Area, Canada as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

JV Property 
 
 Date Real Estate Venture Became Operational 
 
 Carrying Value of Investment as of December 31, 2022 

Carrying Value of Investment as of December 31, 2021 

Dupont (1) 
 
 October 2019 

4,245,434 

- 

East York (2) 
 
 June 2020 

6,039,951 

6,393,576 

Brampton (2) 
 
 November 2020 

2,166,186 

2,354,346 

Vaughan (2) 
 
 January 2021 

2,625,089 

2,871,265 

Oshawa (2) 
 
 August 2021 

1,506,798 

1,801,413 

Scarborough (2) 
 
 November 2021 

2,364,175 

2,862,677 

Aurora (1) 
 
 December 2022 

2,546,407 

- 

Kingspoint (2) 
 
 March 2023 

3,342,969 

2,660,007 

Markham (1) 
 
 Under Development 

1,038,541 

- 

Regent (3) 
 
 Under Development 

2,646,532 

- 

28,522,082 

18,943,284 

(1) These joint venture properties were acquired through the SSGT II Merger. 

(2) These joint venture properties were acquired through the SST IV Merger. 

(3) This property is currently leased as a single tenant industrial lease. The joint venture plans to develop this property into a self storage facility in the future. 

ITEM 3. 	 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 (a) From time to time, we are party to legal, regulatory and other proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, management accrues an estimated liability when those matters present loss contingencies that are both probable and reasonably estimable. In such cases, there may be an exposure to loss in excess of any amounts accrued. We are not aware of any such proceedings of which the outcome is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

(b) None. 

ITEM 4. 	 MINE SAF ETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not Applicable. 
 35 

PART II 
 ITEM 5. 	 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOC KHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 As of March 1, 2023, we had approximately 88.9 million Class A Shares outstanding and approximately 8.1 million Class T Shares outstanding, held by a total of approximately 19,500 stockholders of record. 
 There is no established trading market for our common stock. Therefore, there is a risk that a stockholder may not be able to sell our stock at a time or price acceptable to the stockholder, or at all. Our Offering terminated on January 9, 2017. Pursuant to the terms of our charter, certain restrictions are imposed on the ownership and transfer of shares. On March 7, 2022, our board of directors approved the suspension of our distribution reinvestment plan and share redemption program such that distributions for the month of March 2022, payable on April 15, 2022, were paid in cash. See Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report for additional information. 
 Unless and until our shares are listed for trading on a national securities exchange, it is not expected that a public market for our shares will develop. To assist fiduciaries of plans subject to the annual reporting requirements of ERISA and account trustees or custodians to prepare reports relating to an investment in our shares, we intend to provide reports of our quarterly and annual determinations of the current value of our net assets per outstanding share to those fiduciaries (including account trustees and custodians) who identify themselves to us and request the reports. 
 Determination of Estimated Per Share Net Asset Value 
 On December 6, 2022, our board of directors (the Board ), at the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board (the Committee ), unanimously approved and established an estimated net asset value per share Estimated Per Share NAV ). The Estimated Per Share NAV is based on the estimated value of our assets less the estimated value of our liabilities, divided by the number of shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis, calculated as of September 30, 2022 (the Valuation Date ). We provided this Estimated Per Share NAV to assist broker-dealers in connection with their obligations under Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA Rule 2231, with respect to customer account statements. This valuation was performed in accordance with the provisions of the Institute for Portfolio Alternatives Practice Guideline 2013-01, Valuations of Publicly Registered Non-Listed REITs, issued in April 2013 (the IPA Valuation Guidelines ). 
 The Committee, which is composed solely of independent directors, was responsible for the oversight of the valuation process, including the review and approval of the valuation process and methodology used to determine the Estimated Per Share NAV, the consistency of the valuation and appraisal methodologies with real estate industry standards and practices, and the reasonableness of the assumptions used in the valuations and appraisals. 
 The Estimated Per Share NAV was determined after consultation with our management and Robert A. Stanger Co, Inc. Stanger ), an independent third-party valuation firm. The engagement of Stanger was approved by the Committee. Stanger prepared an appraisal report (the Stanger Appraisal Report summarizing key information and assumptions and providing an appraised value range on 156 wholly-owned properties and six properties held in unconsolidated joint ventures in our portfolio as of September 30, 2022 (collectively, the Stanger Appraised Properties ). Stanger also prepared a net asset value report (the Stanger NAV Report which estimates the net asset value range per share of each of our Class A common stock and Class T common stock as of September 30, 2022. The Stanger NAV Report relied upon: (i) the Stanger Appraisal Report for the Stanger Appraised Properties; (ii) Stanger s estimated value range of our advisory, asset management and property management businesses and certain joint ventures (the Managed REIT Platform ); (iii) Stanger s estimated fair market value of our secured mortgage debt and other debt outstanding; (iv) Stanger s estimated value range of our unconsolidated joint ventures (the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures ); and (v) our estimate of the value of our cash, other assets, and liabilities, to calculate an estimated net asset value range per share of our common stock. The process for estimating the value of our assets and liabilities was performed in accordance with the provisions of the IPA Valuation Guidelines. 
 After considering all information provided, including the Committee s receipt and review of the Stanger Appraisal Report and the Stanger NAV Report (the Reports ), and based on the Committee s extensive knowledge of our assets and liabilities, the Committee concluded that the range in estimated value per share of 14.15 to 16.38, with a mid-point estimated value per share of 15.21, as indicated in the Stanger NAV Report was reasonable and recommended to the Board that it adopt 15.21 as the Estimated Per Share NAV for our Class A shares and Class T shares. 
 36 

The table below sets forth the calculation of our Estimated Per Share NAV as of September 30, 2022 and the Company s previous estimated value per share as of June 30, 2021: 

September 30, 

June 30, 

Assets 
 
 2022 

2021 

Real Estate Properties 

2,713,719,123 

2,447,983,782 

Additional assets 

Cash 

41,193,848 

26,580,765 

Restricted Cash 

8,673,253 

7,276,448 

Investments in Unconsolidated JV's 

53,382,222 

38,682,262 

Other assets 

68,191,538 

22,216,661 

Managed REIT Platform 

124,780,000 

86,330,000 

Total Assets 

3,009,939,984 

2,629,069,918 

Liabilities 

Debt 

1,043,438,537 

852,742,137 

Mark-to-market on mortgage debt 

(37,004,302) 

20,863,687 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

29,981,882 

24,971,716 

Due to affiliates 

409,730 

92,545 

Distributions payable 

9,088,802 

8,088,854 

Total Liabilities 

1,045,914,649 

906,758,939 

Net Asset Value 

1,964,025,335 

1,722,310,979 

Preferred Equity (1) 

- 

- 

Net Asset Value to Common 

1,964,025,335 

1,722,310,979 

Net Asset Value for Class A shares 

1,841,027,171 

1,601,952,979 

Number of Class A shares outstanding (1)(2) 

121,023,898 

106,199,040 

Estimated value per Class A share 

15.21 

15.08 

Net Asset Value for Class T shares 

122,998,164 

120,358,000 

Number of Class T shares outstanding 

8,085,550 

7,978,951 

Estimated value per Class T share 

15.21 

15.08 

(1) The outstanding shares of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are convertible into shares of the Company s Class A common stock on or after the second anniversary of the effective date (October 29, 2021) of that certain preferred stock purchase agreement by and between the Company and Extra Space Storage LP (the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement ). Upon a liquidation, the holder of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock would receive the greater of the Liquidation Amount (as defined in the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement) or the amount that would have been payable upon conversion of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock into shares of the Company s Class A common stock. For purposes of this analysis, Stanger assumed the conversion of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock into shares of the Company s Class A common stock based on the conversion price, as described in the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, of 10.66. 

(2) Includes outstanding units in SmartStop OP, L.P., the Company s operating partnership (the Operating Partnership ( OP Units and unvested restricted stock and unvested OP Units issued to the Company s directors and management. 

Methodology and Key Assumptions 
 In determining the Estimated Per Share NAV, the Board considered the recommendation of the Committee, the Reports provided by Stanger and information provided by the Company. Our goal in calculating the Estimated Per Share NAV is to arrive at a value that is reasonable and supportable using what the Committee and the Board each deems to be appropriate valuation methodologies and assumptions. 
 FINRA s current rules provide no guidance on the methodology an issuer must use to determine its Estimated Per Share NAV. As with any valuation methodology, the methodologies used are based upon a number of estimates and assumptions that may not be accurate or complete. Different parties with different assumptions and estimates could derive a different Estimated Per Share NAV, and these differences could be significant. The Estimated Per Share NAV is not audited and does not represent the fair value of the Company s assets less its liabilities according to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), nor does it represent a liquidation value of the Company s assets and liabilities or the amount the Company s shares of common stock would trade at on a national securities exchange. The estimated asset values may not, however, represent current market value or book value. The estimated value range of the Stanger Appraised Properties does not necessarily represent the value the Company would receive or accept if the assets were marketed for sale. 
 37 

The Estimated Per Share NAV does not reflect a real estate portfolio premium or discount compared to the sum of the individual property values. The Estimated Per Share NAV also does not take into account estimated disposition costs and fees for real estate properties that are not held for sale. 
 
 Independent Valuation Firm 
 Stanger was selected by the Committee to appraise and provide a value on the Stanger Appraised Properties. Stanger is engaged in the business of appraising commercial real estate properties and is not affiliated with the Company. The compensation the Company paid to Stanger related to the valuation is based on the scope of work and not on the appraised values of the Company s real estate properties. The appraisals were performed in accordance with the Code of Ethics and the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice, or USPAP, the real estate appraisal industry standards created by The Appraisal Foundation. The Stanger Appraisal Report was reviewed, approved, and signed by an individual with the professional designation of MAI licensed in the state where each real property is located. The use of the reports is subject to the requirements of the Appraisal Institute relating to review by its duly authorized representatives. In preparing its Reports, Stanger did not, and was not requested to, solicit third-party indications of interest for the Company s common stock in connection with possible purchases thereof or the acquisition of all or any part of the Company. 
 Stanger collected reasonably available material information that it deemed relevant in appraising the Company s real estate properties. Stanger relied in part on property-level information provided by the Company, including: (i) historical and projected operating revenues and expenses; (ii) unit mixes; (iii) rent rolls; and (iv) information regarding recent or planned capital expenditures. 
 In conducting its investigation and analyses, Stanger took into account customary and accepted financial and commercial procedures and considerations as it deemed relevant. Although Stanger reviewed information supplied or otherwise made available by the Company for reasonableness, Stanger assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all such information and of all information supplied or otherwise made available to Stanger by any other party and did not independently verify any such information. Stanger has assumed that any operating or financial forecasts and other information and data provided to or otherwise reviewed by or discussed with Stanger were reasonably prepared in good faith on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the Company s management and/or the Board. Stanger relied on the Company to advise it promptly if any information previously provided became inaccurate or was required to be updated during the period of their review. 
 In performing its analyses, Stanger made numerous other assumptions as of various points in time with respect to industry performance, general business, economic, and regulatory conditions, and other matters, many of which are beyond its control and the Company s control. Stanger also made assumptions with respect to certain factual matters. For example, unless specifically informed to the contrary, Stanger assumed that the Company has clear and marketable title to each real estate property appraised, that no title defects exist, that any improvements were made in accordance with law, that no hazardous materials are present or were present previously, that no significant deed restrictions exist, and that no changes to zoning ordinances or regulations governing use, density, or shape are pending or being considered. Furthermore, Stanger s analyses, opinions, and conclusions were necessarily based upon market, economic, financial, and other circumstances and conditions existing as of or prior to the date of the Stanger Appraisal Report, and any material change in such circumstances and conditions may affect Stanger s analyses and conclusions. The Stanger Appraisal Report contains other assumptions, qualifications, and limitations that qualify the analyses, opinions, and conclusions set forth therein. Furthermore, the prices at which the Company s real estate properties may actually be sold could differ from Stanger s analyses. 
 Stanger is actively engaged in the business of appraising commercial real estate properties similar to those owned by the Company in connection with public securities offerings, private placements, business combinations, and similar transactions. 
 The Company does not believe that there are any material conflicts of interest between Stanger, on the one hand, and the Company, and their affiliates, on the other hand. The Company engaged Stanger, with approval from the Committee, to deliver its Reports to assist in the net asset value calculation and Stanger received compensation for those efforts. In addition, the Company has agreed to indemnify Stanger against certain liabilities arising out of this engagement. A special committee of the Board previously engaged Stanger to serve as a financial advisor in connection with the Company s acquisition of Strategic Storage Growth Trust, Inc., Strategic Storage Trust IV, Inc., Strategic Storage Growth Trust II, Inc. and the Managed REIT Platform acquired from Strategic Asset Management I, LLC (f/k/a SmartStop Asset Management, LLC) SAM and Stanger provided fairness opinions in connection with certain of those transactions, for which Stanger was paid usual and customary fees. In addition, Stanger was previously engaged by the Committee and performed a net asset value calculation for the Company for the periods ended June 30, 2021, December 31, 2019 and March 31, 2019. In 2021, Stanger was also engaged to provide other financial advisory services to the Company. Finally, Stanger served as a financial advisor 
 38 

in the negotiation and closing of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock by Extra Space Storage LP, a subsidiary of Extra Space Storage Inc. Stanger may from time to time in the future perform other services for the Company or its managed REITs, so long as such other services do not adversely affect the independence of Stanger as certified in the applicable Stanger Appraisal Report. 
 Although Stanger considered any comments received from the Company relating to their Reports, the final appraised value ranges of the Company s real estate properties were determined by Stanger for the Stanger Appraised Properties. The Reports are addressed solely to the Committee to assist it in calculating and recommending to the Board an Estimated Per Share NAV of the Company s common stock. The Reports are not addressed to the public, may not be relied upon by any other person to establish an Estimated Per Share NAV of the Company s common stock, and do not constitute a recommendation to any person to purchase or sell any shares of the Company s common stock. 
 The foregoing is a summary of the standard assumptions, qualifications, and limitations that generally apply to the Reports. The Reports, including the analysis, opinions, and conclusions set forth in such reports, are qualified by the assumptions, qualifications, and limitations set forth in the respective reports. 
 
 Real Estate Valuation 
 As described above, the Company engaged Stanger to provide an appraisal containing a range of market value of the Stanger Appraised Properties consisting of 156 wholly-owned properties and six properties held in unconsolidated joint ventures in the Company s portfolio as of September 30, 2022. In preparing the Stanger Appraisal Report, Stanger, among other things: 
 performed a site visit of the Stanger Appraised Properties in the context of this assignment or prior assignments; 

interviewed the Company s officers to obtain information relating to the physical condition of each Stanger Appraised Property, including known environmental conditions, status of ongoing or planned property additions and reconfigurations, and other factors for such properties; 

reviewed historical operating statements, asking rental rates by unit type, achieved rental rates, market rental rates, occupancy for the subject properties and competing properties, current tax information and a review of tax comparable properties, where appropriate, and capitalization rates for self storage properties observed in the marketplace based on investor surveys and general discussions in the market, and extracted from recent sales of self storage properties in each property s region. 

Stanger employed the income approach to estimate the value range of the Stanger Appraised Properties (other than the office condominium located in Ladera Ranch, CA), which involves an economic analysis of the property based on its potential to provide future net annual income. A direct capitalization analysis was used to determine the value range of the portfolio by valuing each Stanger Appraised Property in the portfolio. The direct capitalization analysis was based upon the stabilized net operating income of each property capitalized at an appropriate capitalization rate for each property based upon property characteristics and competitive position and market conditions at the date of the appraisal. Stanger deducted estimated lease up costs for properties that were not considered stabilized and adjusted the value conclusion of properties that suffered from deferred maintenance. Stanger employed the sales comparison approach to value the office condominium located in Ladera Ranch, CA, which utilizes indices of value derived from actual or proposed sales of comparable properties to estimate the value of the subject property. 
 Stanger prepared the Stanger Appraisal Report, which summarizes key inputs and assumptions, providing a value for each of the Stanger Appraised Properties it appraised using financial information provided by the Company. From such review, Stanger selected the appropriate direct capitalization rate in its direct capitalization analysis. 
 The total aggregate purchase price of the wholly-owned appraised properties in the Stanger Appraisal Report was approximately 1.9 billion. In addition, through the Valuation Date, the Company had invested approximately 77 million in capital improvements on these real estate assets since inception. As of the Valuation Date, the total value range of the wholly-owned appraised properties was approximately 2.6 billion to 2.9 billion. The mid-point appraised value of approximately 2.7 billion represents an approximately 37 increase in the total value of the real estate assets over the aggregate purchase price and aggregate improvements. The following summarizes the key assumptions that were used in the direct capitalization models to arrive at the mid-point appraised value of the Stanger Appraised Properties: 

Assumption 
 
 Range 
 
 Weighted Average 

Direct Capitalization rate 
 
 4.25 to 5.75 
 
 4.95 

39 

While the Company believes that Stanger s assumptions and inputs are reasonable, a change in these assumptions and inputs would significantly impact the calculation of the appraised value of the Stanger Appraised Properties and thus, the Estimated Per Share NAV. The table below illustrates the impact on the Estimated Per Share NAV if the direct capitalization rates were adjusted by 25 basis points or 5 , assuming the mid-point value conclusion for each Stanger Appraised Property is based on the method being sensitized and all other factors remain unchanged: 

Estimated Per Share NAV due to: 

Increase 25 Basis Points 
 
 Decrease 25 Basis Points 
 
 Increase 5.0 
 
 Decrease 5.0 

Direct Capitalization Rate 

14.15 

16.38 

14.18 

16.36 

Debt 
 
 Values for the Company s secured mortgage debt and other Company debt outstanding (the Outstanding Debt were estimated by Stanger using a discounted cash flow analysis, which used inputs based on the remaining loan terms and estimated current market interest rates for debt with similar characteristics, including remaining loan term, loan-to-value ratios, debt-service-coverage ratios, customary affirmative and negative covenants, prepayment terms, and collateral attributes. The current market interest rate was generally determined based on market rates for available comparable debt. The estimated current market interest rates ranged from 4.35 to 6.20 for the Outstanding Debt. 
 As of September 30, 2022, Stanger s estimated fair value of the Company s consolidated Outstanding Debt was approximately 1.0 billion. The weighted-average discount rate applied to the future estimated debt payments of the Outstanding Debt was approximately 5.39 . 
 While the Company believes that Stanger s assumptions and inputs are reasonable, a change in these assumptions and inputs would significantly impact the calculation of the estimated value of the Outstanding Debt and thus, the Estimated Per Share NAV. The table below illustrates the impact on the Estimated Per Share NAV if the market interest rate of the Outstanding Debt were adjusted by 25 basis points or 5 , and assuming all other factors remain unchanged: 

Estimated Per Share NAV due to: 

Decrease 25 Basis Points 
 
 Increase 25 Basis Points 
 
 Decrease 5.0 
 
 Increase 5.0 

15.14 

15.28 

15.13 

15.29 

Cash, Other Assets, Other Liabilities and Preferred Equity 
 The fair value of the Company s cash, other assets, and other liabilities were estimated by the Company to approximate carrying value as of the Valuation Date. In estimating the fair value of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, Stanger considered the conversion feature of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, as described above, and determined that as of the Valuation Date it would have been dilutive since the conversion value of 10.66 per share is at a lower value than the Estimated Per Share NAV determined by the Board as of the Valuation Date. Therefore, Stanger assumed the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock was converted into common shares and was included in the fully diluted share count as of the Valuation Date. The carrying value of a majority of the Company s other assets and liabilities are considered to equal their fair value due to their short maturities or liquid nature. Certain balances, such as intangible assets and liabilities and deferred financing costs, have been eliminated for the purpose of the valuation due to the fact that the value of those balances were already considered in the valuation of the respective investments. These amounts include investments in and advances to our managed REITs. 
 
 Managed REIT Platform Value 
 To derive the estimated value range of the Managed REIT Platform, Stanger estimated the market value associated with the Company s asset management and property management contracts (the Management Contracts with the Company, Strategic Storage Growth Trust III, Inc. SSGT III and Strategic Storage Trust VI, Inc. SST VI using a comparable transactions analysis. Stanger considered the projected fee income from the Management Contracts and the associated reasonable expenses to support such activities to derive an EBITDA projection for the 12 month period (the Projected EBITDA following the Valuation Date. Stanger then applied a range of EBITDA multiples to the Projected EBITDA to derive an estimated value range associated with the Management Contracts. 
 40 

To derive the estimated value range of the Managed REIT Platform, Stanger also estimated the market value associated with the agreements between the Company, SSGT III and SST VI related to the tenant insurance, tenant protection plans or similar programs Tenant Protection Programs using a direct capitalization approach. Stanger considered the projected Tenant Protection Program income and related reasonable expenses to derive an EBITDA projection for the 12 month period (the Projected TI EBITDA following the Valuation Date. Stanger then applied a range of capitalization rates to the Projected TI EBITDA to derive an estimated value range associated with the Tenant Protection Programs. 
 Unconsolidated Joint Ventures Value 
 The Company holds interests in unconsolidated entities in joint ventures with SmartCentres Real Estate Investment Trust, which own self storage properties or properties in various stages of planning and development into self storage properties located in Canada. Stanger estimated the fair market value range of the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures by: (i) utilizing the value range of the properties owned by the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures based upon the Stanger Appraisal Report; (ii) adding the other tangible assets held by the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures; (iii) deducting the other tangible liabilities held by the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures; and (iv) taking the resulting equity from the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures and processing such equity through the Unconsolidated Joint Venture agreement as it pertains to capital distribution allocations, to determine the amount of equity attributable to the Company. 
 Different parties using different assumptions and estimates could derive a different Estimated Per Share NAV, and these differences could be significant. The value of the Company s shares will fluctuate over time in response to developments related to individual assets in the Company s portfolio and the management of those assets and in response to the real estate and finance markets . 
 The Board s Determination of the Estimated Per Share NAV 
 Based upon a review of the Reports provided by Stanger, upon the recommendation of the Committee, the board of directors estimated the Estimated Per Share NAV for each of the Class A common stock and Class T common stock to be 15.21. 
 Limitations of Estimated Per Share NAV 
 
 The various factors considered by the Board in determining the Estimated Per Share NAV were based on a number of assumptions and estimates that may not be accurate or complete. As disclosed above, we are providing the Estimated Per Share NAV to assist broker-dealers that participate, or participated, in our public offering in meeting their customer account statement reporting obligations. As with any valuation methodology, the methodologies used are based upon a number of estimates and assumptions that may not be accurate or complete. Different parties with different assumptions and estimates could derive a different Estimated Per Share NAV. The Estimated Per Share NAV is not audited and does not represent the fair value of our assets or liabilities according to GAAP. 
 Accordingly, with respect to the Estimated Per Share NAV, we can give no assurance that: 
 a stockholder would be able to resell his or her Class A shares of common stock or Class T shares of common stock at the Estimated Per Share NAV; 

a stockholder would ultimately realize distributions per share equal to the Estimated Per Share NAV upon liquidation of our assets and settlement of its liabilities or a sale of our Company; 

our shares of Class A common stock and Class T common stock would trade at the Estimated Per Share NAV on a national securities exchange; 

a different independent third-party appraiser or other third-party valuation firm would agree with the Estimated Per Share NAV; or 

the Estimated Per Share NAV, or the methodology used to estimate the Estimated Per Share NAV, will be found by any regulatory authority to comply with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA), the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or other regulatory requirements. 

Similarly, the amount a stockholder may receive upon repurchase of their shares, if they participate in our share redemption program and such redemption program is available, may be greater than or less than the amount a stockholder paid for the shares, regardless of any increase in the underlying value of any assets owned by us. 
 
 41 

The Estimated Per Share NAV is based on the estimated value of our assets less the estimated value of our liabilities divided by the number of shares outstanding on an adjusted fully diluted basis, calculated as of September 30, 2022. The Estimated Per Share NAV was based upon 129,109,448 shares of common equity or equivalent interests outstanding as of September 30, 2022, which was comprised of (i) 88,857,061 Class A shares of our common stock, of which 145,233 are unvested restricted Class A common stock issued to our directors and employees, plus (ii) 8,085,550 outstanding Class T shares of our common stock, plus (iii) 18,761,726 shares related to the assumed conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock into common shares, plus (iv) 13,405,111 OP Units, of which 809,581 are unvested OP Units issued to our directors and executive officers. Such OP Units are, or will be upon vesting (as applicable), exchangeable on a one-for-one basis into Class A shares of our common stock. 
 
 Further, the value of the Company s shares will fluctuate over time as a result of, among other things, developments related to individual assets and responses to the real estate and capital markets. The Estimated Per Share NAV does not reflect a real estate portfolio premium or discount versus the sum of the individual property values. The Estimated Per Share NAV also does not take into account estimated disposition costs and fees for real estate properties that are not held for sale or other windup costs. The Company currently anticipates publishing a new estimated share value on an annual basis. 
 42 

Distributions 
 We elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code beginning with the taxable year ended December 31, 2014. By qualifying as a REIT, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on taxable income that we distribute to our stockholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will then be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on our taxable income at regular corporate rates and will not be permitted to qualify for treatment as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes for four years following the year during which qualification is lost unless the IRS grants us relief under certain statutory provisions. Such an event could materially adversely affect our net income and net cash available for distribution to stockholders. However, we believe that we are organized and operate in such a manner as to qualify for treatment as a REIT and intend to operate in the foreseeable future in such a manner that we will remain qualified as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 For income tax purposes, distributions to common stockholders are characterized as ordinary dividends, capital gain dividends, or as nontaxable distributions. To the extent that we make a distribution in excess of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, the distribution will be a non-taxable return of capital, reducing the tax basis in each U.S. stockholder s shares, and the amount of each distribution in excess of a U.S. stockholder s tax basis in its shares will be taxable as gain realized from the sale of its shares. 
 For 2021, we paid a total of approximately 64.1 million in distributions, which consisted of approximately 45.7 million to our common stockholders, approximately 6.1 million to our OP Unit holders, and approximately 12.3 million to our preferred stockholder. Approximately 36.7 million of the 2021 total distributions, comprised of approximately 80 of our common stockholder distributions and none of our preferred stockholder distributions, constituted a non-taxable return of capital. 
 For 2022, we paid a total of approximately 74.4 million in distributions, which consisted of approximately 54.6 million to our common stockholders, approximately 7.3 million to our OP Unit holders, and approximately 12.5 million to our preferred stockholder. Approximately 28.0 million of the 2022 total distributions, comprised of approximately 51.3 of our common stockholder distributions and none of our preferred stockholder distributions, constituted a non-taxable return of capital. 
 The following table shows the distributions we have paid in cash and through our distribution reinvestment plan for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022: 

Quarter 
 
 OP Unit Holders (1) 

Preferred Stockholder (2) 

Common Stockholders (1) 

Distributions Declared per Common Share 

1st Quarter 2021 

1,377,906 

2,928,620 

8,748,732 

0.15 

2nd Quarter 2021 

1,549,658 

3,082,192 

11,899,179 

0.15 

3rd Quarter 2021 

1,615,264 

3,116,438 

12,586,324 

0.15 

4th Quarter 2021 

1,596,944 

3,150,685 

12,487,739 

0.15 

1st Quarter 2022 

1,597,751 

3,150,685 

12,424,264 

0.15 

2nd Quarter 2022 

1,763,224 

3,082,192 

13,020,126 

0.15 

3rd Quarter 2022 

1,903,553 

3,116,438 

14,710,548 

0.15 

4th Quarter 2022 

2,036,687 

3,150,685 

14,480,242 

0.15 

(1) Declared distributions are paid monthly in arrears. 

(2) Declared distributions are paid quarterly in arrears. See Note 6 Preferred Equity, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report, for additional information. 

The payment of distributions from sources other than cash flows from operations may reduce the amount of proceeds available for investment and operations or cause us to incur additional interest expense as a result of borrowed funds. 
 43 

Over the long-term, we expect that a greater percentage of our distributions will be paid from cash flows from operations. However, our operating performance cannot be accurately predicted and may deteriorate in the future due to numerous factors, including our ability to invest capital at favorable yields, the financial performance of our investments in the current real estate and financial environment and the types and mix of investments in our portfolio. As a result, future distributions declared and paid may exceed cash flow from operations. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The following table provides details of our 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan as of December 31, 2022, under which we are able to issue various forms of equity based compensation. 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

Number of Securities Remaining for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders 

9,978,272 

Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Security Holders 

Total 

9,978,272 

(1) The total number of shares of stock reserved for issuance under the Plan is 10,000,000 shares in the aggregate, less amounts already issued under the plan. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 We did not have any recent sales of unregistered securities during the period covered by this Annual Report that were not disclosed in a quarterly report on Form 10-Q or current report on Form 8-K. 
 Redemption Program 
 Our share redemption program enables our stockholders to have their shares redeemed by us, subject to the significant conditions and limitations described in our publicly filed documents. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 76.6 million of common stock was available for redemption and none was included in accrued expenses and other liabilities as of December 31, 2022. During the three months ended December 31, 2022, we redeemed shares as follows: 

For the Month Ended 
 
 Total Number of Shares Redeemed 

Average Price Paid per Share 

Total Number of Shares Redeemed as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Maximum Number of Shares (or Units) That May Yet to be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 

October 31, 2022 

3,971,919 
 
 (1) 

November 30, 2022 

3,971,919 
 
 (1) 

December 31, 2022 

3,971,919 
 
 (1) 

(1) A description of the maximum number of shares that may be purchased under our SRP is included in Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report. 

Our share redemption program is presently suspended. See Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report for additional information. 
 44 

The performance graph below is a comparison of the cumulative total return of our shares of Class A common stock, the Standard and Poor s 500 Index S P 500 ), the FTSE NAREIT All Equity REITs Index and the Russell 2000 Index Russell 2000 ), assuming a starting investment of 100 on December 31, 2017 and reinvestment of distributions. The value of an investment in SmartStop reflects the customer account statement value in effect and does not factor in deductions for upfront fees and expenses paid at the time of investment. We currently have Class A and Class T common stock outstanding, with varying performance results between each class due to differences in class-specific fees and expenses. Class A is pictured in the graph below. There can be no assurance that the performance of our Class A shares will continue in line with the same or similar trends depicted in the performance graph. 

45 

ITEM 6. 	 [RESERVED ] 

46 

ITEM 7. 	 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial data contained within this Form 10-K, and our accompanying consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. See also Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements preceding Part I. 
 Overview 
 
 We are a self-managed and fully-integrated self storage real estate investment trust REIT ). Our year end is December 31. As used in this report, we, us, our, and Company refer to SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. and each of our subsidiaries. 
 
 We focus on the acquisition, ownership, and operation of self storage properties located primarily within the top 100 metropolitan statistical areas, or MSAs, throughout the United States and Canada. According to the Inside Self Storage Top-Operators List for 2022, we are the 11th largest owner and operator of self storage properties in the United States based on number of properties, units, and rentable square footage. As of December 31, 2022, our wholly-owned portfolio consisted of 153 self storage properties diversified across 19 states and Canada comprising approximately 103,000 units and 11.8 million net rentable square feet. Additionally, we had 50 equity interests in ten unconsolidated real estate ventures located in the Greater Toronto Area, which consisted of seven operating self storage properties, two parcels of land under development into self storage facilities, and one single tenant industrial building, which we plan to convert into a self storage property over the long term. Further, through our Managed REIT Platform (as defined below), we serve as the sponsor of Strategic Storage Trust VI, Inc., a publicly-registered non-traded REIT SST VI ), and Strategic Storage Growth Trust III, Inc., a private company that intends to elect to qualify as a REIT SSGT III and together with SST VI, the Managed REITs ), both of which pay us fees to manage these programs and manage their 19 operating self storage properties (as of December 31, 2022). 
 
 Our primary business model is focused on owning and operating high quality self storage properties in high growth markets in the United States and Canada. We finance our portfolio through a diverse capital strategy which includes cash generated from operations, borrowings under our syndicated revolving line of credit, secured and unsecured debt financing, equity offerings and joint ventures. Our business model is designed to maximize cash flow available for distribution to our stockholders and to achieve sustainable long-term growth in cash flow in order to maximize long-term stockholder value at acceptable levels of risk. We execute our organic growth strategy by pursuing revenue-optimizing and expense-minimizing opportunities in the operations of our existing portfolio. We execute our external growth strategy by developing, redeveloping, acquiring and managing self storage facilities in the United States and Canada both internally and through our Managed REITs, and we look to acquire properties that are physically stabilized, recently developed, in various stages of lease up or at certificate of occupancy. We seek to acquire undermanaged facilities that are not operated by institutional operators, where we can implement our proprietary management and technology to maximize net operating income. 
 
 As discussed herein, we, through our subsidiaries, currently serve as the sponsor of SST VI and SSGT III. We also served as the sponsor of Strategic Storage Trust IV, Inc., a public non-traded REIT SST IV through March 17, 2021, and Strategic Storage Growth Trust II, Inc., a private REIT SSGT II through June 1, 2022. Prior to March 17, 2021 and June 1, 2022, SST IV and SSGT II, respectively, were also included in the Managed REITs. We operate the properties owned by the Managed REITs, consisting of, as of December 31, 2022, 19 operating properties and approximately 14,600 units and approximately 1.8 million rentable square feet. In addition, we have the internal capability to originate, structure and manage additional self storage investment programs (the Managed REIT Platform which would be sponsored by SmartStop REIT Advisors, LLC SRA ), our indirect subsidiary. We generate asset management fees, property management fees, acquisition fees, and other fees and also receive substantially all of the tenant protection program revenue earned by our Managed REITs. For the property management and advisory services that we provide, we are reimbursed for certain expenses that otherwise helps to offset our net operating expense burden. 
 
 Industry Outlook 
 
 Self storage industry fundamentals remain strong relative to historical operating levels, with many properties operating at optimal revenue-producing occupancy. Additionally, favorable industry dynamics have resulted in above-average pricing power for self storage operators. Operators are able to achieve high same-store occupancy levels through a diverse base of customer demand from individuals as well as businesses. As of the end of the second quarter of 2022, according to the 2023 Self Storage Almanac, the industry average occupancy was 93.4 . As of December 31, 2022, the U.S. listed REITs averaged ending same-store occupancy of 92.1 . While these occupancy levels are down from the prior year, 
 47 

they are above historical averages. Additionally, the self storage industry maintained strong occupancy and revenue growth throughout the height of the COVID-19 pandemic and in the time that has followed, exemplifying how the fundamentals of self storage can continue to capture demand in the face of a variety of a challenging operating environment. Based on these favorable supply and demand dynamics, we believe that disciplined self storage operators will generate revenue growth in the near term and will continue to drive revenue through various economic cycles. Likewise, we expect moderate growth in new supply through 2024. We believe that overhead costs and maintenance capital expenditures are considerably lower in the self storage industry as compared to other real estate sectors, and as a result of that strong operating leverage, self storage companies are able to achieve comparatively higher operating and cash flow margins. Although property taxes were moderated through assessment challenges over the past two years, we expect elevated property tax increases in our sector in the coming years. We expect same-store expense growth resulting from increases in employee costs, property insurance and property taxes in 2023, to be partially offset by operating efficiencies gained from leveraging technology and solar initiatives. Even with these offsets, we believe the sector will see above-historical average same store expense increases in the near term. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 We have established accounting policies which conform to generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). Preparing financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. Following is a discussion of the estimates and assumptions used in setting accounting policies that we consider critical in the presentation of our consolidated financial statements. Many estimates and assumptions involved in the application of GAAP may have a material impact on our financial condition or operating performance, or on the comparability of such information to amounts reported for other periods, because of the subjectivity and judgment required to account for highly uncertain items or the susceptibility of such items to change. These estimates and assumptions affect our reported amounts of assets and liabilities, our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and our reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the period covered by this report. If management s judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions had been different, it is possible that different accounting policies would have been applied or different amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses would have been recorded, thus resulting in a materially different presentation of the financial statements or materially different amounts being reported in the financial statements. Additionally, other companies may use different estimates and assumptions that may impact the comparability of our financial condition and results of operations to those companies. 
 We believe that our critical accounting policies include the following: real estate acquisition valuation; the evaluation of whether any of our long-lived assets have been impaired; the valuation of goodwill and related impairment considerations, the valuation of our trademarks and related impairment considerations, the determination of the useful lives of our long-lived assets; and the evaluation of the consolidation of our interests in joint ventures. The following discussion of these policies supplements, but does not supplant the description of our significant accounting policies, as contained in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report, and is intended to present our analysis of the uncertainties involved in arriving upon and applying each policy. 
 Real Estate Acquisition Valuation 
 We account for asset acquisitions in accordance with GAAP which requires that we allocate the purchase price of a property to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on their relative fair values. This guidance requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, including fair value estimates, which requires the use of significant unobservable inputs as of the acquisition date. 
 The value of the tangible assets, consisting of land and buildings is determined as if vacant. Because we believe that substantially all of the leases in place at properties we will acquire will be at market rates, as the majority of the leases are month-to-month contracts, we do not expect to allocate any portion of the purchase prices to above or below market leases. We also consider whether in-place, market leases represent an intangible asset. Acquisitions of portfolios of facilities are allocated to the individual facilities based upon an income approach or a cash flow analysis using appropriate risk adjusted capitalization rates which take into account the relative size, age, and location of the individual facility along with current and projected occupancy and rental rate levels or appraised values, if available. 
 Our allocations of purchase prices are based on certain significant estimates and assumptions, variations in such estimates and assumptions could result in a materially different presentation of the consolidated financial statements or materially different amounts being reported in the consolidated financial statements. 
 Real Property Assets Valuation 
 We evaluate our real property assets for impairment based on events and changes in circumstances that may arise in the future and that may impact the carrying amounts of such assets. When indicators of potential impairment are present, we will assess the recoverability of the particular asset by determining whether the carrying value of the asset will be recovered, 
 48 

through an evaluation of the undiscounted future operating cash flows expected from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. This evaluation is based on a number of estimates and assumptions, such as, but not limited to, comparative sales, estimated cash flow, and other similar valuation techniques. Based on this evaluation, if the expected undiscounted future cash flows do not exceed the carrying value, we will adjust the value of the real property asset and recognize an impairment loss. Our evaluation of the impairment of real property assets could result in a materially different presentation of the financial statements or materially different amounts being reported in the financial statements, as the amount of impairment loss, if any, recognized may vary based on the estimates and assumptions we use. 
 Intangible Assets Valuation 
 In connection with the acquisition of the self storage advisory, asset management and property management businesses and certain joint venture interests of Strategic Asset Management I, LLC (f/k/a SmartStop Asset Management, LLC), our former sponsor SAM ), along with certain other assets of SAM (collectively, the Self Administration Transaction ), we allocated a portion of the consideration to the contracts that we acquired related to the Managed REITs and the customer relationships related to our tenant insurance, tenant protection plans or similar programs (the Tenant Protection Programs ). For these intangibles, we are amortizing such amounts on a straight-line basis over the estimated benefit period of the contracts and customer relationships. We evaluate these intangible assets for impairment when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. In such an event, an impairment charge is recognized and the intangible asset is marked down to its fair value. 
 Goodwill Valuation 
 Goodwill is recorded as the difference, if any, between the aggregate consideration paid for an acquisition and the fair value of the net tangible assets and other intangible assets acquired. Goodwill is allocated to various reporting units, as applicable, and is not amortized. We perform an annual impairment test as of December 31 for goodwill; between annual tests we evaluate the recoverability of goodwill whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of goodwill may not be fully recoverable. If circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be fully recoverable, we perform a quantitative impairment test of goodwill to compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its respective carrying amount. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge will be recognized. No impairment charges were recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. During 2020, with the emergence of the COVID-19 Pandemic and the resulting volatility and disruption of the economy and capital markets, and the ability of our Managed REITs to raise additional equity in light of the foregoing, we recorded various impairments to goodwill and other intangible assets, related to our Managed REITs. 
 Trademarks Valuation 
 Trademarks are based on the value of our brands. Trademarks are valued using the relief from royalty method, which presumes that without ownership of such trademarks, we would have to make a stream of payments to a brand or franchise owner in return for the right to use their name. By virtue of this asset, we avoid any such payments and record the related intangible value of our ownership of the brand name. 
 We qualitatively evaluate whether any triggering events or changes in circumstances have occurred subsequent to our annual impairment test that would indicate an impairment condition may exist. If any change in circumstance or triggering event occurs, and results in a significant impact to our revenue and profitability projections, or any significant assumption in our valuation methods is adversely impacted, the impact could result in a material impairment charge in the future. 
 Estimated Useful Lives of Real Property Assets 
 We assess the useful lives of the assets underlying our properties based upon a subjective determination of the period of future benefit for each asset. We record depreciation expense with respect to these assets based upon the estimated useful lives we determine. Our determinations of the useful lives of the assets could result in a materially different presentation of the consolidated financial statements or materially different amounts being reported in the financial statements, as such determinations, and the corresponding amount of depreciation expense, may vary dramatically based on the estimates and assumptions we use. 
 Consolidation Considerations 
 Current accounting guidance provides a framework for identifying a variable interest entity VIE and determining when a company should include the assets, liabilities, noncontrolling interests, and results of activities of a VIE in its consolidated financial statements. In general, a VIE is an entity or other legal structure used to conduct activities or hold assets that either (1) has an insufficient amount of equity to carry out its principal activities without additional subordinated 
 49 

financial support, (2) has a group of equity owners that are unable to make significant decisions about its activities, or (3) has a group of equity owners that do not have the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive returns generated by its operations. Generally, a VIE should be consolidated if a party with an ownership, contractual, or other financial interest in the VIE (a variable interest holder) has the power to direct the VIE s most significant activities and the obligation to absorb losses or right to receive benefits of the VIE that could be significant to the VIE. A variable interest holder that consolidates the VIE is called the primary beneficiary. Upon consolidation, the primary beneficiary generally must initially record all of the VIE s assets, liabilities, and noncontrolling interest at fair value and subsequently account for the VIE as if it were consolidated based on majority voting interest. 
 We evaluate the consolidation of our investments in joint ventures in accordance with relevant accounting guidance. This evaluation requires us to determine whether we have a controlling interest in a joint venture through a means other than voting rights, and, if so, such joint venture may be required to be consolidated in our financial statements. Our evaluation of our joint ventures under such accounting guidance could result in a materially different presentation of the financial statements or materially different amounts being reported in the financial statements, as the joint venture entities included in our consolidated financial statements may vary based on the estimates and assumptions we use. 
 REIT Qualification 
 We made an election under Section 856(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) to be taxed as a REIT under the Code, commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2014. By qualifying as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we generally will not be subject to federal income tax on income that we distribute to our stockholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will be subject to federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates and will not be permitted to qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes for four years following the year in which our qualification is denied. Such an event could materially and adversely affect our net income and could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. However, we believe that we are organized and operate in a manner that will enable us to continue to qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, and we intend to continue to operate as to remain qualified as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. 
 Current Market and Economic Conditions 
 Our rental revenue and operating results depend significantly on the demand for self storage space. Since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic in late March 2020, the challenges associated with the pandemic were partially offset by other trends that helped maintain the demand for self storage. The broader shift of people working from home, elevated migration patterns and strength in the housing market helped drive growth in self storage demand, which generally contributed to our results through the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. As rental activity, occupancy levels, and rental rates increased during the second half of 2020 and through 2022, our financial performance has continued to be strong. However, occupancy, same-store growth and overall results have started to normalize and are expected to normalize further over the coming quarters as the comparable periods change. 
 Recently, the broader economy began experiencing increased levels of inflation, higher interest rates, tightening monetary and fiscal policies and a slowdown in home price appreciation and new home sales. This could result in less discretionary spending, weakening consumer balance sheets and reduced demand for self storage. However, demand for the self storage sector is dynamic with drivers that function in a multitude of economic environments, both cyclically and counter-cyclically. Demand for self storage tends to be needs-based, with numerous factors that lead customers to renting and maintaining storage units. 
 In addition to the sector s numerous historical demand drivers, one demand driver that increased substantially during the COVID-19 pandemic is the trend towards working from home, or hybrid work environment. We believe the need for work space in residences will continue to be a driver of storage demand in 2023 and going forward, which could partially offset a potential reduction in population migration caused by a softening housing market. 
 In 2022, the Federal Reserve began increasing its targeted range for the federal funds rate, leading to increased interest rates. This approach to monetary policy was mirrored by other central banks across the world, to similar effect. We currently have fixed interest rates for the majority of our loans, either directly or indirectly through our use of interest rate hedges. The rise in overall interest rates has caused an increase in our variable rate borrowing costs and our overall cost of capital, resulting in an increase in net interest expense. Capitalization rates on acquisitions have not increased at the same magnitude as interest rates. These factors may limit our ability to acquire self storage properties in an as accretive manner going forward. 
 50 

Results of Operations 
 Overview 
 We derive revenues principally from: (i) rents received from our self storage tenant leases; (ii) fees generated from our Managed REITs; (iii) our Tenant Protection Programs; and (iv) sales of packing and storage-related supplies at our storage facilities. Therefore, our operating results depend significantly on our ability to retain our existing tenants and lease our available self storage units to new tenants, while maintaining and, where possible, increasing the prices for our self storage units. 
 Competition in the market areas in which we operate is significant and affects the occupancy levels, rental rates, rental revenues and operating expenses of our facilities. Development of any new self storage facilities would intensify competition of self storage operators in markets in which we operate. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we wholly-owned 153 and 139 operating self storage facilities, respectively. Our operating results for the year ended December 31, 2022 included full year period results for 139 operating self storage facilities and partial period results for 14 operating self storage facilities acquired during the year ended December 31, 2022. Our operating results for the year ended December 31, 2021 included full year periods for 112 operating self storage facilities and partial period results for 27 operating properties. Operating results in future periods will depend on the results of operations of these properties and of the real estate properties that we acquire in the future. 
 As discussed below, the results of operations presented herein cover a period of time prior to the SST IV Merger and SSGT II Merger. Our 2021, 2022 and future operating results have been and will continue to be significantly impacted by these mergers as a result of collectively acquiring 34 operating self storage facilities and 50 equity interests in nine unconsolidated real estate ventures, as well as the elimination of management fees that we previously earned from SST IV and SSGT II. Over time we expect the SSGT II Merger and SST IV Merger to be accretive to FFO, as adjusted, primarily as the former SST IV and SSGT II properties eventually reach higher levels of either physical or economic occupancy or both. 
 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Total Self Storage Revenues 
 Total self storage related revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 200.2 million and 158.2 million, respectively. The increase in total self storage revenues of approximately 42.0 million, or 26.6 , is primarily attributable to an increase in same-store revenues of approximately 16.0 million, or 12.9 , (as a result of higher rent per occupied square foot), an increase in revenue at the 24 operating self storage facilities acquired in connection with the SST IV Merger (approximately 10.6 million or 42.4 ), the 10 operating self storage facilities acquired on June 1, 2022 in connection with the SSGT II Merger (approximately 8.8 million), and approximately 10.9 million from other non same-store self storage properties. 
 We expect self storage revenues to increase in future periods as our lease-up or newly acquired properties increase occupancy and/or rates, and to otherwise primarily fluctuate based on the performance of our same-store pool, which will be influenced by the overall economic environment and increases in self storage supply, amongst other things. Additionally, we expect to see increases in self storage revenues from any future acquisitions. 
 Managed REIT Platform Revenue 
 Managed REIT Platform revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 7.8 million and 6.3 million, respectively. The increase in Managed REIT Platform revenue of approximately 1.5 million is primarily attributable to acquisition fee revenue growth of approximately 2.0 million from our Managed REITs, partially offset by reduced SSGT II property management fees due to the SSGT II Merger. We expect Managed REIT Platform Revenue to fluctuate commensurate with our Managed REITs' increase in operations and assets under management. 
 51 

Reimbursable Costs from Managed REITs 
 Reimbursable costs from Managed REITs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 4.6 million and 4.3 million, respectively. Such revenues consist of costs incurred by us as we provide property management and advisory services to the Managed REITs, which are reimbursed by our Managed REITs, pursuant to our related contracts with the Managed REITs. We expect Reimbursable costs from Managed REITs to increase in future periods as a result of additional acquisitions by our Managed REITs. We further expect reimbursable costs from Managed REITs to generally fluctuate commensurate with our Managed REITs' increase in operations as we receive reimbursement for providing such services. 
 Property Operating Expenses 
 Property operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 58.4 million (or 29.2 of self storage revenue) and 48.1 million (or 30.4 of self storage revenue), respectively. Property operating expenses include the costs to operate our facilities including payroll expense, utilities, insurance, real estate taxes, and marketing. The increase in property operating expenses of approximately 10.3 million is largely attributable to the 24 and 10 operating self storage facilities acquired in connection with the SST IV Merger and the SSGT II Merger, respectively, and to a lesser extent increases in payroll, and casualty losses related to Hurricane Ian. We expect property operating expenses to decrease as a percentage of revenue as revenues increase. 
 Managed REIT Platform Expenses 
 Managed REIT Platform expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 2.5 million and 1.5 million, respectively. Such expenses primarily consisted of expenses related to non-reimbursable costs associated with the operation of the Managed REIT Platform and the Administrative Services Agreement (as discussed in Note 10 Related Party Transactions, of the notes to consolidated financial statements contained in this report). We expect Managed REIT Platform expenses to fluctuate in future periods commensurate with our level of activity related to the Managed REITs. 
 Reimbursable Costs from Managed REITs 
 Reimbursable costs from Managed REITs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 4.6 million and 4.3 million, respectively. Such expenses consist of costs incurred by us as we provide property management and advisory services to the Managed REITs, which are reimbursed by our Managed REITs, pursuant to our related contracts with the Managed REITs. We expect reimbursable costs from Managed REITs to fluctuate commensurate with our Managed REITs' increase in operations as we receive reimbursement for providing such services. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 28.3 million and 23.3 million, respectively. Such expenses consist primarily of compensation-related costs, legal expenses, accounting expenses, transfer agent fees, directors and officers insurance expense and board of directors related costs. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded expenses of approximately 1.8 million related to our filing of an S-11 registration statement (including subsequent amendments) and related costs in pursuit of a potential offering of our common stock. The remaining increase is primarily attributable to increased professional and legal costs, transfer agent costs and compensation-related expenses. We expect general and administrative expenses to decrease as a percentage of total revenues over time. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expenses 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 64.6 million and 53.4 million, respectively. Depreciation expense consists primarily of depreciation on the buildings and site improvements at our properties. Amortization expense consists of the amortization of our in place lease intangible assets resulting from our self storage acquisitions and amortization of certain intangible assets acquired in the Self Administration Transaction. The increase in depreciation and amortization expense is primarily attributable to additional depreciation and amortization on the properties and intangible assets acquired in the SST IV Merger and the SSGT II Merger. 
 Acquisition Expenses 
 52 

Other acquisition expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 0.9 million and 0.9 million, respectively. These acquisition expenses were incurred prior to acquisitions becoming probable in accordance with our capitalization policy. 
 Contingent Earnout Adjustment 
 The contingent earnout adjustment for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 reflects an increase in the contingent earnout liability of approximately 1.5 million and 12.6 million, respectively. The contingent earnout adjustment reflects the change in the liability based on an updated valuation and changes in the discounted probability weighted forecast of our projected assets under management (as defined in the Operating Partnership Agreement, as amended). The second and third tranches of the contingent earnout were earned during the year ended December 31, 2022, and no future contingent earnout adjustments will be recorded. 
 Write-off of equity interest and preexisting relationships upon acquisition of control 
 Write-off of equity interest and preexisting relationships upon acquisition of control for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 2.0 million and 8.4 million, respectively. Such expenses in 2022 represents the write-off of the intangible assets related to the SSGT II advisory agreement and property management contracts due to the termination of such contracts with the SSGT II Merger. Such expenses in 2021 primarily represents the write-off of the intangible assets related to the SST IV advisory agreement and property management contracts due to the termination of such contracts with the SST IV Merger, and to a lesser extent, the write-off of the SST IV special limited partnership interest we held in SST IV, which per the terms of the SST IV Merger, terminated without consideration. 
 Gain On Equity Interests Upon Acquisition 
 Gain on equity interests upon acquisition for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 16.1 million and none, respectively. The gain was related to recording the fair value of our preexisting special limited partnership interest in SSGT II in connection with the SSGT II Merger. 
 Gain on Sale of Real Estate 
 Gain on sale of real estate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was none and approximately 0.2 million, respectively. The gain was related to a sale of a parcel of excess land attached to the self storage facility we own in McKinney, Texas. The sale of this parcel did not affect the operations of our McKinney, Texas property. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 41.5 million and 33.4 million, respectively. Interest expense includes interest expense on our debt, accretion of fair market value adjustments of our debt, amortization of debt issuance costs, and the impact of our interest rate hedging derivatives. The increase of approximately 8.1 million is primarily attributable to higher interest rates on our variable rate debt and an increase in our average outstanding principal balance during the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in the average outstanding principal balance was primarily the result of the SSGT II Merger, and four other acquisitions completed in 2022, and draws used to fund the SSGT III Mezzanine Loan and SST VI Mezzanine Loan. (See Note 10 Related Party Transactions of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, for more information.) We expect interest expense to fluctuate in future periods commensurate with our future debt levels and fluctuations in interest rates. 
 Net Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 Net loss on extinguishment of debt for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 2.4 million and 2.4 million, respectively. The net loss on debt extinguishment for the year ended December 31, 2022 is attributable to the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs and debt defeasance costs for the Midland North Carolina CMBS Loan which was defeased on May 19, 2022. The net loss on debt extinguishment for the year ended December 31, 2021 is 
 53 

attributable to the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs on loans that were paid off in connection with the Credit Facility that was obtained in conjunction with the SST IV Merger. 
 Other 
 Other (income) expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 0.8 million of expense, as compared to approximately 2.1 million of expense, respectively. Other consists primarily of state franchise tax expense, foreign currency fluctuations, changes in value related to our foreign currency hedges not designated for hedge accounting, equity in earnings attributable to our unconsolidated joint ventures, and interest and financing fee revenue earned from the SSGT III Mezzanine Loan and SST VI Mezzanine Loan. The change is primarily the result of additional interest revenue and financing fee revenue earned in 2022. 
 Income Tax (Expense) Benefit 
 Income tax benefit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 0.6 million and 1.8 million of income, respectively. Income tax consists primarily of adjustments to deferred tax liabilities, state, federal, and Canadian income tax. The benefit recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 primarily related to our reduction in the related deferred tax liability that corresponded with our write-off of the management contract values related to SST IV and SSGT II recorded in connection with such mergers. 
 Same-Store Facility Results Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 The following table sets forth operating data for our same-store facilities (those properties included in the consolidated results of operations since January 1, 2021, excluding three lease-up properties we owned as of January 1, 2021) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We consider the following data to be meaningful as this allows for the comparison of results without the effects of acquisition, lease up, or development activity. 

Same-Store Facilities 

Non Same-Store Facilities 
 
 Total 

2022 

2021 

Change 

2022 

2021 (6) 

Change 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Revenue (1) 

139,627,497 

123,648,929 

12.9 

53,111,936 

27,993,360 

N/M 

192,739,433 

151,642,289 

27.1 

Property operating expenses (2) 

40,085,421 

38,195,089 

4.9 

18,351,689 

9,932,568 

N/M 

58,437,110 

48,127,657 

21.4 

Net operating income 

99,542,076 

85,453,840 

16.5 

34,760,247 

18,060,792 

N/M 

134,302,323 

103,514,632 

29.7 

Number of facilities 

109 

109 

44 

30 

153 

139 

Rentable square feet (3) 

8,036,285 

8,034,200 

3,758,445 

2,630,800 

11,794,730 

10,665,000 

Average physical occupancy (4) 

94.6 

95.1 

-0.5 

N/M 

N/M 

94.0 

94.3 

Annualized rent per occupied square foot (5) 

18.79 

16.46 

14.2 

N/M 

N/M 

18.58 

16.30 

N/M Not meaningful 
 (1) Revenue includes rental revenue, certain ancillary revenue, administrative and late fees, and excludes Tenant Protection Program revenue. 

(2) Property operating expenses excludes corporate general and administrative expenses, interest expense, depreciation, amortization expense, and acquisition expenses. 

(3) Of the total rentable square feet, parking represented approximately 1,016,000 square feet and 937,000 square feet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. On a same-store basis, for the same periods, parking represented approximately 680,000 square feet. 

54 

(4) Determined by dividing the sum of the month-end occupied square feet for the applicable group of facilities for each applicable period by the sum of their month-end rentable square feet for the period. 

(5) Determined by dividing the aggregate realized rental income for each applicable period by the aggregate of the month-end occupied square feet for the period. Properties are included in the respective calculations in their first full month of operations, as appropriate. We have excluded the realized rental revenue and occupied square feet related to parking herein for the purpose of calculating annualized rent per occupied square foot. 

(6) Included in the non same-store data is a self storage facility consisting of approximately 84,000 square feet owned by SST VI OP, which was consolidated for approximately three months in 2021. 

Our same-store revenue increased by approximately 16.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to higher annualized rent per occupied square foot. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of net loss as presented on our consolidated statements of operations to net operating income, as stated above, for the periods indicated: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net loss 

21,669,452 

(19,564,718) 

Adjusted to exclude: 

Tenant Protection Program revenue (1) 

(7,455,948) 

(6,520,645) 

Managed REIT Platform revenue 

(7,819,216) 

(6,322,970) 

Managed REIT Platform expenses 

2,485,290 

1,451,166 

General and administrative 

28,253,905 

23,265,196 

Depreciation 

49,417,679 

40,946,406 

Intangible amortization expense 

15,200,854 

12,422,205 

Acquisition expenses 

888,009 

934,838 

Contingent earnout adjustment 

1,514,447 

12,619,744 

Write-off of equity interest and preexisting relationships upon acquisition of control 

2,049,682 

8,389,573 

Gain on equity interest upon consolidation 

(16,101,237) 

Gain on sale of real estate 

(178,631) 

Interest expense 

41,511,911 

33,383,604 

Net loss on extinguishment of debt 

2,393,475 

2,444,788 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

(554,785) 

(1,811,275) 

Other 

848,805 

2,055,351 

Total net operating income 

134,302,323 

103,514,632 

(1) Approximately 5.4 million and 5.3 million of Tenant Protection Program revenue was earned at same store facilities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with the remaining approximately 2.1 million and 1.2 million earned at non same-store facilities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 The results of operations and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2021 compared to December 31, 2020 were included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 which was filed with the SEC on March 23, 2022. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Funds from Operations 
 Funds from operations FFO is a non-GAAP financial metric promulgated by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (NAREIT), that we believe is an appropriate supplemental measure to reflect our operating performance. 
 55 

We define FFO, consistent with the standards established by the White Paper on FFO approved by the Board of Governors of NAREIT, or the White Paper. The White Paper defines FFO as net income (loss) computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains or losses from sales of property and real estate related asset impairment write downs, plus depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. Additionally, gains and losses from change in control are excluded from the determination of FFO. Adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures are calculated to reflect FFO on the same basis. Our FFO calculation complies with NAREIT s policy described above. 
 FFO, as Adjusted 
 We use FFO, as adjusted, as an additional non-GAAP financial measure to evaluate our operating performance. FFO, as adjusted, provides investors with supplemental performance information that is consistent with the performance models and analysis used by management. In addition, FFO, as adjusted, is a measure used among our peer group, which includes publicly traded REITs. Further, we believe FFO, as adjusted, is useful in comparing the sustainability of our operating performance with the sustainability of the operating performance of other real estate companies. 
 In determining FFO, as adjusted, we make further adjustments to the NAREIT computation of FFO to exclude the effects of non-real estate related asset impairments and intangible amortization, acquisition related costs, other write-offs incurred in connection with acquisitions, contingent earnout expenses, accretion of fair value of debt adjustments, gains or losses from extinguishment of debt, adjustments of deferred tax liabilities, realized and unrealized gains/losses on foreign exchange transactions, gains/losses on foreign exchange and interest rate derivatives not designated for hedge accounting, and other select non-recurring income or expense items which we believe are not indicative of our overall long-term operating performance. We exclude these items from GAAP net income (loss) to arrive at FFO, as adjusted, as they are not the primary drivers in our decision-making process and excluding these items provides investors a view of our continuing operating portfolio performance over time, which in any respective period may experience fluctuations in such acquisition, merger or other similar activities that are not of a long-term operating performance nature. FFO, as adjusted, also reflects adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and jointly owned investments. We use FFO, as adjusted, as one measure of our operating performance when we formulate corporate goals and evaluate the effectiveness of our strategies. 
 Presentation of FFO and FFO, as adjusted, is intended to provide useful information to investors as they compare the operating performance of different REITs. However, not all REITs calculate FFO and FFO, as adjusted, the same way, so comparisons with other REITs may not be meaningful. Furthermore, FFO and FFO, as adjusted, are not necessarily indicative of cash flow available to fund cash needs and should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) as an indication of our performance, as an alternative to cash flows from operations, as an indication of our liquidity or indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs including our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. FFO and FFO, as adjusted, should be reviewed in conjunction with other measurements as an indication of our performance. 

56 

The following is a reconciliation of net income (loss), which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, to FFO and FFO, as adjusted (attributable to common stockholders), and FFO and FFO, as adjusted (attributable to common stockholders and OP unit holders) for each of the periods presented below: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Net income (loss) (attributable to common stockholders) 

6,321,880 

(29,401,595) 

(54,354,394) 

Add: 

Depreciation of real estate 

48,400,073 

40,158,233 

31,711,102 

Amortization of real estate related intangible assets 

14,628,068 

11,030,316 

5,110,207 

Depreciation and amortization of real estate and intangible assets from unconsolidated entities 

1,535,416 

754,831 

Deduct: 

Gain on deconsolidation 

(169,533) 

Gain on sale of real estate 

(178,631) 

Gain on equity interests upon acquisition (1) 

(16,101,237) 

Adjustment for noncontrolling interests in our Operating Partnership (2) 

(5,279,214) 

(5,727,520) 

(4,756,580) 

FFO (attributable to common stockholders) 

49,504,986 

16,466,101 

(22,289,665) 

Other Adjustments: 

Intangible amortization expense - contracts (3) 

572,786 

1,391,889 

4,666,909 

Acquisition expenses (4) 

888,009 

934,838 

1,366,092 

Acquisition expenses and foreign currency (gains) losses, net from unconsolidated entities 

149,094 

210,377 

Casualty loss due to hurricane (5) 

661,326 

Contingent earnout adjustment (6) 

1,514,447 

12,619,744 

(2,500,000) 

Write-off of equity interest and preexisting relationships upon acquisition of control 

2,049,682 

8,389,573 

Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets (7) 

36,465,732 

Impairment of investments in Managed REITs (7) 

4,376,879 

Accretion of fair market value of secured debt 

(35,738) 

(110,942) 

(130,682) 

Net loss on extinguishment of debt (8) 

2,393,475 

2,444,788 

Foreign currency and interest rate derivative (gains) losses, net (9) 

75,030 

366,849 

203,995 

Offering related expenses (10) 

1,802,945 

Adjustment of deferred tax liabilities (2) 

(1,073,317) 

(2,025,869) 

(5,926,732) 

Adjustment for noncontrolling interests in our Operating Partnership 

(1,017,068) 

(2,720,691) 

(5,321,725) 

FFO, as adjusted (attributable to common stockholders) 

57,485,657 

37,966,657 

10,910,803 

FFO (attributable to common stockholders) 

49,504,986 

16,466,101 

(22,289,665) 

Net income (loss) attributable to the noncontrolling interests in our Operating Partnership 

2,536,297 

(2,663,123) 

(6,901,931) 

Adjustment for noncontrolling interests in our Operating Partnership (2) 

5,279,214 

5,727,520 

4,756,580 

FFO (attributable to common stockholders and OP unit holders) 

57,320,497 

19,530,498 

(24,435,016) 

FFO, as adjusted (attributable to common stockholders) 

57,485,657 

37,966,657 

10,910,803 

Net income (loss) attributable to the noncontrolling interests in our Operating Partnership 

2,536,297 

(2,663,123) 

(6,901,931) 

Adjustment for noncontrolling interests in our Operating Partnership (2) 

6,296,282 

8,448,211 

10,078,305 

FFO, as adjusted (attributable to common stockholders and OP unit holders) 

66,318,236 

43,751,745 

14,087,177 

57 

(1) This gain relates to recording the fair value of our preexisting equity interests in SSGT II as a result of our acquisition of control in the SSGT II Merger. 

(2) This represents the portion of the above stated adjustments in the calculations of FFO and FFO, as adjusted, that are attributable to our noncontrolling interests. 

(3) These items represent the amortization, accretion, or adjustment of intangible assets or deferred tax liabilities. 

(4) This represents acquisition expenses associated with investments in real estate that were incurred prior to the acquisitions becoming probable and therefore not capitalized in accordance with our capitalization policy. 

(5) Such casualty losses relate to Hurricane Ian, which occurred in September 2022. 

(6) The contingent earnout adjustment represents the adjustment to the fair value during the period of the Class A-2 Units issued in connection with the Self Administration Transaction. 

(7) The impairment charges relate to our goodwill, intangible assets and investments in the Managed REIT Platform acquired in the Self Administration Transaction. We believe that adjusting for such non-recurring items provides useful supplemental information because such expenses may not be reflective of on-going operations and is consistent with management s analysis of our operating performance and provides for a means of determining a comparable sustainable operating performance metric. 

(8) The net loss associated with the extinguishment of debt includes prepayment penalties, defeasance costs, the write-off of unamortized deferred financing fees, and other fees incurred. 

(9) This represents the mark-to-market adjustment for our derivative instruments not designated for hedge accounting and the ineffective portion of the change in fair value of derivatives recognized in earnings, as well as changes in foreign currency related to our foreign equity investments not classified as long term. 

(10) Such costs relate to our filing of an S-11 registration statement and our pursuit of a potential offering of our common stock. As this item is non-recurring and not a primary driver in our decision-making process, FFO is adjusted for its effect to arrive at FFO, as adjusted, as a means of determining a comparable sustainable operating performance metric. 

Cash Flows 
 A comparison of cash flows for operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Change 

Net cash flow provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 

87,909,977 

58,764,984 

29,144,993 

Investing activities 

(205,151,158) 

(120,214,731) 

(84,936,427) 

Financing activities 

120,067,251 

25,674,567 

94,392,684 

Cash flows provided by operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 87.9 million and 58.8 million, respectively, an increase of approximately 29.1 million. The increase in cash provided by our operating activities is primarily the result of an increase in net income when excluding the impact of non-cash items included in the determination of net income, which resulted in an increase in cash provided by operating activities of approximately 30.9 million, slightly offset by an approximately 1.8 million reduction in cash resulting from changes in working capital accounts. 
 Cash flows used in investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 205.2 million and 120.2 million, respectively, an increase in the use of cash of approximately 84.9 million. The increase in cash used in investing activities primarily relates to funding the SSGT II Merger and four other property acquisitions, collectively representing cash outflows of approximately 138.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to approximately 111.1 million of cash outflows during the year ended December 31, 2021 used to complete the SST IV Merger and three other property acquisitions. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we net invested approximately 45.7 million of cash in the SST VI Mezzanine Loan debt and SSGT III Mezzanine Loan debt, compared to a receipt of 13.5 million in cash during the same period of the prior year related to the redemption of our investment in SSGT II preferred equity. 
 58 

Cash flows provided by financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 120.1 million and 25.7 million, respectively, a change of approximately 94.4 million. The change in financing activities is primarily attributable to the effect of debt borrowings, net of paydowns of approximately 196.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to approximately 79.7 million of net debt financing provided during the year ended December 31, 2021. Offsetting such net increase in cash flows from financing activities was an approximately 23.2 million increase in cash distributions paid to common stockholders, due to the cessation of our distribution reinvestment plan and the additional shares outstanding. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Short-Term Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our liquidity needs consist primarily of our property operating expenses, general and administrative expenses, Managed REIT Platform expenses, debt service payments, capital expenditures, property acquisitions, investments in our Managed REITs, and distributions to our Series A Convertible Preferred stockholder, limited partners in our Operating Partnership, and our stockholders, as necessary to maintain our REIT qualification. We generally expect that we will meet our short-term liquidity requirements from the combination of existing cash balances and net cash provided from property operations and the Managed REIT Platform and further supported by our Credit Facility. Alternatively, we may issue additional secured or unsecured financing from banks or other lenders, or we may enter into various other forms of financing. 
 In April 2022, we received an investment grade credit rating of BBB- from Kroll Bond Rating Agency, Inc. In accordance with the Note Purchase Agreement, we intend to maintain a credit rating on an annual basis. 
 Volatility in the debt and equity markets and continued and/or further impact of COVID-19, inflation and other economic events will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain. While we do not expect such events to have a material impact upon our liquidity in the short-term, continued uncertainty or deterioration in the debt and equity markets over an extended period of time could potentially impact our liquidity over the long-term. Additionally, our Credit Facility contains a borrowing base requirement, which is impacted by treasury rates. Increases to treasury rates could negatively impact our borrowing base calculation and otherwise limit our ability to borrow pursuant to the Credit Facility. 
 Distribution Policy and Distributions 
 Preferred Stock Dividends 
 The shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock rank senior to all other shares of our capital stock, including our common stock, with respect to rights to receive dividends and to participate in distributions or payments upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. Dividends payable on each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock will initially be equal to a rate of 6.25 per annum, which accrues daily but is payable quarterly in arrears. If the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock has not been redeemed on or prior to the fifth anniversary date of the Initial Closing, the dividend rate will increase an additional 0.75 per annum each year thereafter to a maximum of 9.0 per annum until the tenth anniversary of the Initial Closing, at which time the dividend rate shall increase 0.75 per annum each year thereafter until the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is either converted or repurchased in full. 
 Common Stock Distributions		 
 On November 21, 2022, our board of directors declared a distribution rate for the month of December 2022 of approximately 0.00164 per day per share on the outstanding shares of common stock payable to Class A and Class T stockholders of record of such shares as shown on our books at the close of business on each day of the period commencing on December 1, 2022 and ending December 31, 2022. On December 21, 2022, our board of directors declared a distribution rate for the month of January 2023 of approximately 0.00164 per day per share on the outstanding shares of common stock payable to Class A and Class T stockholders of record of such shares as shown on our books at the close of business on each day of the period commencing on January 1, 2023 and ending January 31, 2023. On January 17, 2023, our board of directors declared a distribution rate for the month of February 2023 of approximately 0.00164 per day per share on the outstanding shares of common stock payable to Class A and Class T stockholders of record of such shares as shown on our books at the close of business on each day of the period commencing on February 1, 2023 and ending February 28, 2023. On February 24, 2023, our board of directors declared a distribution rate for the month of March 2023 of approximately 0.00164 per day per share on the outstanding shares of common stock payable to Class A and Class T stockholders of record of such shares as 
 59 

shown on our books at the close of business on each day of the period commencing on March 1, 2023 and ending March 31, 2023. Such distributions payable to each stockholder of record during a month will be paid the following month. 
 Background and History of Common Stock Distributions 
 Since substantially all of our operations are performed indirectly through our Operating Partnership, our ability to pay distributions depends in large part on our Operating Partnership s ability to pay distributions to its partners, including to us. In the event we do not have enough cash from operations to fund cash distributions, we may borrow, issue additional securities or sell assets in order to fund the distributions. The terms of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock place certain restrictions on our ability to pay distributions to our common stockholders. In general, we are prohibited from paying distributions to our common stockholders other than regular cash dividends on a basis consistent with past practice and dividends payable in shares of common stock in connection with an initial listing of such shares. Accordingly, we are presently only permitted to pay cash distributions, which may be reinvested in stock pursuant to our DRP, unless otherwise approved by the holder of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. Absent the foregoing restrictions, our charter allows our board of directors to authorize payments to stockholders in cash or other assets of the Company or in stock, including in stock of one class payable to holders of stock of another class. 
 We may not be able to pay distributions from our cash flows from operations, in which case distributions may be paid in part from debt or other financing sources. 
 Distributions are paid to our common stockholders based on the record date selected by our board of directors. Such distributions are based on daily declaration and record dates. We expect to continue to regularly pay distributions unless our results of operations, our general financial condition, general economic conditions, or other factors inhibit us from doing so. Distributions are authorized at the discretion of our board of directors, which are directed, in substantial part, by its obligation to cause us to comply with the REIT requirements of the Code. Absent the restrictions noted above, our board of directors may increase, decrease or eliminate the distribution rate that is being paid on our common stock at any time. Distributions are made on all classes of our common stock at the same time. The funds that are available for distribution may be affected by a number of factors, including the following: 
 our operating and interest expenses; 

our ability to keep our properties occupied; 

our ability to maintain or increase rental rates; 

increases to our property operating expenses; 

construction defects or capital improvements; 

capital expenditures and reserves for such expenditures; 

the issuance of additional shares; 

financings and refinancings; and 

dividends with respect to the outstanding shares of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. 

60 

The following shows our distributions paid and the sources of such distributions for the respective periods presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Distributions paid in cash common stockholders 

49,391,782 

26,157,045 

Distributions paid in cash Operating Partnership unitholders 

7,301,215 

6,139,772 

Distributions paid in cash preferred stockholders 

12,500,000 

12,277,935 

Distributions reinvested 

5,243,398 

19,564,929 

Total distributions 

74,436,395 

64,139,681 

Source of distributions 

Cash flows provided by operations 

74,436,395 

100.0 

58,764,984 

91.6 

Cash provided by financing activities 

0.0 

0.0 

Offering proceeds from distribution reinvestment plan 

0.0 

5,374,697 

8.4 

Total sources 

74,436,395 

100 

64,139,681 

100 

From our inception through December 31, 2022, we paid cumulative distributions of approximately 321.0 million, of which approximately 260.7 million were paid to common stockholders, as compared to cumulative FFO (attributable to common stockholders) of approximately 68.5 million. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid distributions of approximately 74.4 million, of which approximately 54.6 million was paid to common stockholders, as compared to FFO (attributable to common stockholders) of approximately 49.5 million, which reflects a write-off of equity interest and preexisting relationships of approximately 2.0 million, debt defeasance costs of approximately 2.4 million, and acquisition related expenses of approximately 0.9 million. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we paid distributions of approximately 64.1 million, of which approximately 45.7 million was paid to common stockholders, as compared to FFO of approximately 16.5 million, which reflects a write-off of equity interest and preexisting relationships of approximately 8.4 million and acquisition related expenses of approximately 0.9 million. 
 
 The payment of distributions from sources other than FFO may reduce the amount of proceeds available for investment and operations or cause us to incur additional interest expense as a result of borrowed funds. 
 We must distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our taxable income each year in order to meet the requirements for being treated as a REIT under the Code. Our directors may authorize distributions in excess of this percentage as they deem appropriate. Because we may receive income from interest or rents at various times during our fiscal year, distributions may not reflect our income earned in that particular distribution period, but may be made in anticipation of cash flow that we expect to receive during a later period and may be made in advance of actual receipt of funds in an attempt to make distributions relatively uniform. To allow for such differences in timing between the receipt of income and the payment of expenses, and the effect of required debt payments, among other things, we could be required to borrow funds from third parties on a short-term basis, issue new securities, or sell assets to meet the distribution requirements that are necessary to achieve the tax benefits associated with qualifying as a REIT. We are not prohibited from undertaking such activities by our charter, bylaws or investment policies, and we may use an unlimited amount from any source to pay our distributions. These methods of obtaining funding could affect future distributions by increasing operating costs and decreasing available cash, which could reduce the value of our stockholders investment in our shares. In addition, such distributions may constitute a return of investors capital. 
 We may not be able to pay distributions from our cash flows from operations, in which case distributions may be paid in part from available funds or from debt financing and pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan. The payment of distributions from sources other than cash flows from operations may reduce the amount of proceeds available for investment and operations or cause us to incur additional interest expense as a result of borrowed funds. 
 61 

Over the long-term, we expect that a greater percentage of our distributions will be paid from cash flows from operations. However, our operating performance cannot be accurately predicted and may deteriorate in the future due to numerous factors, including our ability to raise and invest capital at favorable yields, the financial performance of our investments in the current real estate and financial environment and the types and mix of investments in our portfolio. As a result, future distributions declared and paid may exceed cash flow from operations. 
 Indebtedness 
 As of December 31, 2022, our net debt was approximately 1,068 million, which included approximately 442.8 million in fixed rate debt, and 630.2 million in variable rate debt, less approximately 0.1 million in debt discount, and approximately 4.5 million in net debt issuance costs. See Note 5 Debt and Note 14 Subsequent Events of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information about our indebtedness. 
 Additionally, we are party to a master mortgage commitment agreement (the SmartCentres Financings with SmartCentres Storage Finance LP (the SmartCentres Lender ). The SmartCentres Lender is an affiliate of SmartCentres Real Estate Investment Trust, an unaffiliated third party SmartCentres ), that owns the other 50 of our unconsolidated real estate joint ventures located in the Greater Toronto Area of Canada. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 116.7 million Canadian Dollars CAD or approximately 86.1 million in USD was outstanding on the SmartCentres Financings. The proceeds of the SmartCentres Financings have been and will be used to finance the development and construction of the SmartCentres joint venture properties. See Note 4 Investments in Unconsolidated Real Estate Ventures, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report for additional information regarding the SmartCentres Financings. 
 Long-Term Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 On a long-term basis, our principal demands for funds will be for our property operating expenses, general and administrative expenses, Managed REIT Platform expenses, debt service payments, capital expenditures, property acquisitions, investments in our Managed REITs, and distributions to our Series A Convertible Preferred stockholder, limited partners in our Operating Partnership, and our stockholders, as necessary to maintain our REIT qualification. 
 Long-term potential future sources of capital include proceeds from secured or unsecured financings from banks or other lenders, issuance of equity instruments, undistributed funds from operations, and additional public or private offerings. To the extent we are not able to secure requisite financing in the form of a credit facility or other debt, we will be dependent upon proceeds from the issuance of equity securities and cash flows from operating activities in order to meet our long-term liquidity requirements and to fund our distributions. 
 Our material cash requirements from contractual and other obligations primarily relate to our debt obligations. The expected timing of those outstanding principal payments are shown in the table below. The information in this section should be read in conjunction with Note 5 Debt, and Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained within this report. 

Principal Payments due during the years ending December 31: 

Total 

2023 

2,639,404 

2024 

382,928,683 

2025 

2,869,187 

2026 

341,916,098 

2027 

48,105,555 

2028 and thereafter 

294,500,000 

Total payments 

1,072,958,927 

As of December 31, 2022, pursuant to various contractual relationships, we are required to make other non-cancellable payments in the amounts of approximately 2.4 million, and 2.5 million during the years ending December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, pursuant to the SST VI Mezzanine Loan, we were potentially required to fund an additional 20.0 million in debt to SST VI at their option. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, pursuant to the SSGT III Mezzanine Loan, we were potentially required to fund an additional 17.5 million in debt to SSGT III at their option. 
 62 

See Note 10 Related Party Transactions of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information about our obligations under these agreements. 
 
 For cash requirements related to potential acquisitions currently under contract, please see Note 3 Real Estate Facilities of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Subsequent Events 
 Please see Note 14 Subsequent Events, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report. 
 Seasonality 
 We believe that we will experience minor seasonal fluctuations in the occupancy levels of our facilities, which we believe will be slightly higher over the summer months due to increased moving activity. 
 ITEM 7A. 	 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITAT IVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market risk includes risks that arise from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, equity prices and other market changes that affect market sensitive instruments. In pursuing our business plan, we expect that the primary market risk to which we will be exposed is interest rate risk and to a lesser extent, foreign currency risk. We may be exposed to the effects of interest rate changes primarily as a result of borrowings used to maintain liquidity and fund acquisition, expansion, and financing of our real estate investment portfolio and operations. Our interest rate risk management objectives will be to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower overall borrowing costs. To achieve our objectives, we may borrow at fixed rates or variable rates. We may also enter into derivative financial instruments such as interest rate swaps and caps in order to mitigate our interest rate risk on a related financial instrument. We will not enter into derivative or interest rate transactions for speculative purposes. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our net debt was approximately 1,068 million, which included approximately 442.8 million in fixed rate debt, and 630.2 million in variable rate debt, less approximately 0.1 million in debt discount, and approximately 4.5 million in net debt issuance costs. As of December 31, 2021, our net debt was approximately 873.9 million, which included approximately 340.7 million in fixed rate debt, 536.8 million in variable rate debt and approximately 0.2 million in net debt premium less approximately 3.9 million in net debt issuance costs. Our debt instruments were entered into for other than trading purposes. 
 Changes in interest rates have different impacts on the fixed and variable debt. A change in interest rates on fixed rate debt impacts its fair value but has no impact on interest incurred or cash flows. A change in interest rates on variable debt could impact the interest incurred and cash flows and its fair value. If the underlying rate of the related index on our variable rate debt were to increase by 100 basis points, the increase in interest, net of our interest rate derivatives, would decrease future earnings and cash flows by approximately 2.8 million annually. 
 Interest rate risk amounts were determined by considering the impact of hypothetical interest rates on our financial instruments. These analyses do not consider the effect of any change in overall economic activity that could occur. Further, in the event of a change of that magnitude, we may take actions to further mitigate our exposure to the change. However, due to the uncertainty of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, these analyses assume no changes in our financial structure. 
 The following table summarizes annual debt maturities and average interest rates on our outstanding debt as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 63 

Year Ending December 31, 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Fixed rate debt 

2,639,404 

2,734,895 

2,869,187 

91,916,098 

48,105,555 

294,500,000 

442,765,139 

Average interest rate (1) 

4.43 

4.43 

4.43 

4.49 

4.57 

4.50 

Variable rate debt 

380,193,788 

250,000,000 

630,193,788 

Average interest rate (1) 

6.05 

6.02 

6.00 

6.00 

N/A 

N/A 

(1)	 Interest expense for fixed rate debt was calculated based upon the contractual rate and the interest expense on variable rate debt was calculated based on the rate in effect on December 31, 2022, excluding the impact of interest rate derivatives. Debt denominated in foreign currency has been converted based on the rate in effect as of December 31, 2022. 
 Currently, our only foreign exchange rate risk comes from our Canadian properties and the Canadian Dollar CAD ). Our existing foreign currency hedges mitigate most of our foreign currency exposure of our net CAD denominated investments; however, we generate all of our revenues and expend essentially all of our operating expenses and third party CAD-denominated debt service costs related to our Canadian Properties in CAD. As a result of fluctuations in currency exchange, our cash flows and results of operations could be affected. 
 ITEM 8. 	 FINANCIAL STATEMEN TS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The financial statements and supplementary data filed as part of this report are set forth below beginning on page F-1 of this report. 
 ITEM 9. 	 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOU NTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 64 

ITEM 9A. 	 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for us. Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated, as of December 31, 2022, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 ITEM 9B. 	 OTHER INFORMATION 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, there was no information required to be disclosed in a report on Form 8-K which was not disclosed in a report on Form 8-K. 
 ITEM 9C. 	 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 65 

PART III 
 ITEM 10. 	 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OF FICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC. 
 ITEM 11. 	 EXECUTIV E COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC. 
 ITEM 12. 	 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OW NERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC. 
 ITEM 13. 	 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATE D TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC. 
 ITEM 14. 	 PRINCIPAL ACCOU NTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC. 
 66 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15. 	 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) List of Documents Filed. 

1. The list of the financial statements contained herein is set forth on page F-1 hereof. 

2. Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation is set forth beginning on page S-1 hereof. All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are not required under the related instructions or are not applicable and therefore have been omitted. 

3. The Exhibits filed in response to Item 601 of Regulation S-K are listed on the Exhibit Index below. 

(b) See (a) 3 above. 

(c) See (a) 2 above. 

ITEM 16.	FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 67 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm: BDO USA, LLP; Costa Mesa, California; (PCAOB ID# 
 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 
 F- 6 

Consolidated Statements of Equity and Temporary Equity 
 
 F- 7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F- 10 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F- 12 

Financial Statement Schedule 

Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 
 S- 1 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIST ERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. 
 Ladera Ranch, California 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity and temporary equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Strategic Storage Growth Trust II, Inc. Merger Valuation of Real Estate Acquired 
 
 As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company completed the merger of Strategic Storage Growth Trust II, Inc. SSGT II Merger on June 1, 2022 for an aggregate consideration of approximately 261 million. As part of the SSGT II Merger, the Company acquired ten self-storage facilities (the real estate acquired ). The transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition and the purchase price for the SSGT II merger was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed on a relative fair value basis on the merger date. The determination of fair value requires significant judgment by management. 
 
 We identified the determination of the fair value of the real estate acquired in the SSGT II Merger as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for the determination included the subjectivity and judgment required in selecting certain market 
 F- 2 

assumptions in the valuation models, including stabilized net operating income and capitalization rates. Auditing these elements involved especially challenging auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit effort required to address these matters, including the extent of specialized skill or knowledge needed. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 Evaluating the reasonableness of significant inputs in the valuation models for the real estate acquired, including stabilized net operating income and capitalization rates, by comparing to historical information, evaluating whether the inputs were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit, and comparing to market-based information for certain real estate acquired. 

Utilizing personnel with specialized knowledge and skill to assist in evaluating the methodology used by the Company and the reasonableness of significant inputs in the valuation models for certain real estate acquired, including stabilized net operating income and capitalization rates, by comparing to market-based information. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

March 3, 2023 
 F- 3 

SMARTSTOP SELF STORAGE REIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BA LANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Real estate facilities: 

Land 

Buildings 

Site improvements 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Construction in process 

Real estate facilities, net 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures (Note 4) 

Investments in and advances to Managed REITs 

Other assets, net 

Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization 

Trademarks, net of accumulated amortization 

Goodwill 

Debt issuance costs, net of accumulated amortization 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES, TEMPORARY EQUITY, AND EQUITY 

Debt, net 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Due to affiliates 

Distributions payable 

Contingent earnout 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) 

Redeemable common stock 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized: 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, with aggregate liquidation preferences of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Equity: 

SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc.: 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Class T common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Distributions 

() 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Total SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. equity 

Noncontrolling interests in our Operating Partnership 

Other noncontrolling interests 

Total noncontrolling interests 

Total equity 

Total liabilities, temporary equity and equity 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 4 

SMARTSTOP SELF STORAGE REIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Revenues: 

Self storage rental revenue 

Ancillary operating revenue 

Managed REIT Platform revenue 

Reimbursable costs from Managed REITs 

Total revenues 

Operating expenses: 

Property operating expenses 

Managed REIT Platform expenses 

Reimbursable costs from Managed REITs 

General and administrative 

Depreciation 

Intangible amortization expense 

Acquisition expenses 

Contingent earnout adjustment 

() 

Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets 

Impairment of investments in Managed REITs 

Write-off of equity interest and preexisting relationships upon acquisition of control 

Total operating expenses 

Gain on equity interests upon acquisition 

Gain on sale of real estate 

Income (loss) from operations 

() 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss on extinguishment of debt 

() 

() 

Other, net 

() 

() 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

() 

Less: Distributions to preferred stockholders 

() 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. common stockholders 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) per Class A Class T share basic 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) per Class A Class T share diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted average Class A shares outstanding basic 

Weighted average Class A shares outstanding diluted 

Weighted average Class T shares outstanding basic 

Weighted average Class T shares outstanding diluted 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 5 

SMARTSTOP SELF STORAGE REIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

Foreign currency hedge contract gains (losses) 

() 

() 

Interest rate swap and cap contract gains (losses) 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests: 

Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. stockholders 

() 

() 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 6 

SMARTSTOP SELF STORAGE REIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATE MENTS OF EQUITY AND TEMPORARY EQUITY 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Common Stock 

Class A 

Class T 

Number of Shares 

Common Stock Par Value 

Number of Shares 

Common Stock Par Value 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Distributions 

Accumulated Deficit 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Total SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. Equity 

Noncontrolling Interests 

Total Equity 

Preferred Stock 

Redeemable Common Stock 

Balance as of December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

() 

Offering costs 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of preferred stock 

Preferred stock issuance costs 

() 

Changes to redeemable common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Redemptions of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of restricted stock 

Distributions 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions to noncontrolling interests 

() 

() 

Issuance of shares for distribution reinvestment plan 

Equity based compensation expense 

Net loss attributable to SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. common stockholders 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to the noncontrolling interests in our Operating Partnership 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Foreign currency hedge contract loss 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Interest rate swap and cap contract loss 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

() 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F- 7 

Common Stock 

Class A 

Class T 

Number of Shares 

Common Stock Par Value 

Number of Shares 

Common Stock Par Value 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Distributions 

Accumulated Deficit 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Total SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. Equity 

Noncontrolling Interests 

Total Equity 

Preferred Stock 

Redeemable Common Stock 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

() 

Gross proceeds from issuance of operating partnership units in SST VI OP 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Offering Costs of SST VI OP 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

- 

Issuance of common stock in connection with SST IV Merger 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of Class A-1 Units in our Operating Partnership in connection with the contingent earnout related to the Self Administration Transaction 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Acquisition of noncontrolling interest related to the Tenant Protection Programs joint ventures 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

- 

- 

Offering costs 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Changes to redeemable common stock 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

- 

Redemptions of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Issuance of restricted stock 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Distributions 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Distributions to noncontrolling interests 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

- 

- 

Issuance of shares for distribution reinvestment plan 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Equity based compensation expense 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss attributable to SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. common stockholders 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Deconsolidation of SST VI OP 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

- 

- 

Net loss attributable to the noncontrolling interests in our Operating Partnership 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

- 

- 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Foreign currency hedge contract loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 

() 

- 

- 

Interest rate swap and cap contract gain 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

() 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

Common Stock 

Class A 

Class T 

Number of Shares 

Common Stock Par Value 

Number of Shares 

Common Stock Par Value 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Distributions 

Accumulated Deficit 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Total SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. Equity 

Noncontrolling Interests 

Total Equity 

Preferred Stock 

Redeemable Common Stock 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

() 

Offering costs 

() 

() 

() 

Tax withholding (net settlement) related to vesting of restricted stock 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of Class A-1 Units in our Operating Partnership in connection with the contingent earnout related to the Self Administration Transaction 

Issuance of noncontrolling interest in SST VI Advisor 

Changes to redeemable common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Redemptions of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock in connection with the SSGT II Merger 

Issuance of OP Units in connection with SSGT II Merger 

Issuance of restricted stock, net of forfeitures 

Distributions 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions to noncontrolling interests 

() 

() 

Issuance of shares for distribution reinvestment plan 

Equity based compensation expense 

Net income attributable to SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. common stockholders 

Net income attributable to the noncontrolling interests in our Operating Partnership 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign currency forward contract gain 

Interest rate swap and cap contract gain 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 9 

SMARTSTOP SELF STORAGE REIT, Inc. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEME NTS OF CASH FLOW S 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Change in deferred tax liability 

() 

() 

() 

Accretion of fair market value adjustment of secured debt 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Equity based compensation expense 

Contingent earnout adjustment 

() 

Equity in loss of unconsolidated entities 

Unrealized foreign currency and derivative (gains) losses 

() 

Net loss on extinguishment of debt 

Gain on equity interests upon acquisition 

() 

Write-off of equity interest and preexisting relationships upon acquisition of control 

Gain on deconsolidation of SST VI OP 

() 

Gain on sale of real estate 

() 

Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets 

Impairment of investments in Managed REITs 

Increase (decrease) in cash from changes in assets and liabilities: 

Other assets, net 

() 

() 

() 

Purchase of SOFR interest rate caps 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Managed REITs receivables 

() 

() 

() 

Due to affiliates 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

SSGT II Merger, net of cash acquired 

() 

SST IV Merger, net of cash acquired 

() 

Purchase of real estate 

() 

() 

() 

Additions to real estate 

() 

() 

() 

Deposits on acquisition of real estate 

() 

() 

() 

Purchase of SSGT II Preferred Units 

() 

Redemption of preferred equity investment in SSGT II 

Settlement of foreign currency hedges designated for hedge accounting 

() 

Investments in Managed REITs 

() 

Investments in unconsolidated real estate entities, net 

() 

() 

Deconsolidation of SST VI OP 

() 

SST VI OP repayment of debt 

SST VI Mezzanine Loan funding 

() 

() 

SSGT III Mezzanine Loan funding 

() 

SSGT III Mezzanine Loan repayment 

Purchase of other investments 

() 

Net proceeds from the sale of real estate 

Settlement of company owned life insurance 

Purchase of foreign currency hedge 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Gross proceeds from issuance of non-revolver debt 

Proceeds from issuance of revolver debt 

Repayment of revolver debt 

() 

() 

Repayment of non-revolver debt 

() 

() 

Scheduled principal payments on non-revolver debt 

() 

() 

() 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

() 

Debt defeasance costs 

() 

() 

Offering costs 

() 

() 

() 

Redemption of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Gross proceeds from issuance of equity in SST VI OP 

Offering costs related to issuance of equity in SST VI OP 

() 

Gross proceeds from issuance of equity in other non controlling interests 

Distributions paid to preferred stockholders 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions paid to common stockholders 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions paid to noncontrolling interests in our OP 

() 

() 

() 

Gross proceeds from issuance of preferred stock 

Preferred stock issuance costs 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Impact of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and restricted cash 

() 

() 

Change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash end of year 

F- 10 

Supplemental disclosures and non-cash transactions: 

Cash paid for interest 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash activities: 

Issuance of shares pursuant to distribution reinvestment plan 

Distributions payable 

Conversion of A-2 Units into A-1 Units 

Redemption of common stock included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Deposit applied to the purchase of real estate 

Real estate and construction in process included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Issuance of common stock and OP Units in connection with the mergers 

Debt assumed in mergers 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 11 
 
 SMARTSTOP SELF STORAGE REIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

under the Maryland General Corporation Law. Our year-end is December 31. As used in this report, we, us, our, and Company refer to SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. and each of our subsidiaries. We acquire and own self storage facilities; we also operate self storage facilities owned by us as well as those owned by the entities sponsored by us. As of December 31, 2022, we owned self storage facilities located in states (Alabama, Arizona, California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, New Jersey, Nevada, North Carolina, Ohio, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia, Washington, and Wisconsin) and the Greater Toronto Area of Ontario, Canada. As discussed herein, we, through our subsidiaries, currently serve as the sponsor of Strategic Storage Trust VI, Inc., a publicly-registered non-traded REIT SST VI ), and Strategic Storage Growth Trust III, Inc., a private company that intends to elect to qualify as a REIT SSGT III and together with SST VI , the Managed REITs ). We also served as the sponsor of Strategic Storage Trust IV, Inc., a public non-traded REIT SST IV through March 17, 2021, and Strategic Storage Growth Trust II, Inc., a private REIT SSGT II through June 1, 2022, the dates on which we closed on the mergers of SST IV and SSGT II, respectively, as further described below. Prior to March 17, 2021 and June 1, 2022, SST IV and SSGT II respectively, were also included in the Managed REITs. We operate the properties owned by the Managed REITs, consisting of, as of December 31, 2022, operating properties and approximately units and million rentable square feet. Through our Managed REIT Platform (as defined below), we originate, structure, and manage additional self storage investment products. Completed Transactions SSGT II Merger On June 1, 2022, we closed on our merger with SSGT II (the SSGT II Merger ). As a result, we acquired all of the real estate owned by SSGT II, consisting of (i) wholly-owned self storage facilities located in seven states comprising approximately self storage units and approximately net rentable square feet, and (ii) SSGT II s equity interest in unconsolidated real estate ventures located in the Greater Toronto Area of Ontario, Canada. As of the merger date, the unconsolidated real estate ventures (collectively, the SSGT II JV Properties consisted of one operating self storage property and two parcels of land being developed into self storage facilities, with subsidiaries of SmartCentres Real Estate Investment Trust, an unaffiliated third party SmartCentres owning the other 50 of such entities. Additionally, we obtained SSGT II's rights to acquire (i) one parcel of land being developed into a self storage facility in an unconsolidated joint venture with SmartCentres, and (ii) a self storage property located in Southern California. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, on January 12, 2023, we acquired the aforementioned parcel of land in an unconsolidated joint venture that we and SmartCentres intend to develop into a self storage facility in the future. As of December 31, 2022, of the development joint venture properties had been completed and had begun operations. As a result of the SSGT II Merger, approximately million shares of SmartStop Class A common stock Class A Shares were issued in exchange for approximately million shares of SSGT II common stock. See Note 3 Real Estate Facilities, for additional information related to the SSGT II Merger. SST IV Merger On March 17, 2021, we closed on our merger with SST IV (the SST IV Merger ). As a result, we acquired all of the real estate owned by SST IV, consisting of (i) self storage facilities located in nine states comprising approximately self storage units and approximately million net rentable square feet, and (ii) SST IV s equity interest in unconsolidated real estate ventures located in the Greater Toronto Area of Ontario, Canada (collectively the SST IV JV Properties ). The SST IV JV Properties consisted of operating self storage properties and parcels of land in various stages of development into self storage facilities as of the merger date, jointly owned with subsidiaries of SmartCentres. As of December 31, 2022, of the development joint venture properties had been completed and had begun operations. As a result of the SST IV Merger, approximately million Class A Shares were issued in exchange for approximately million shares of SST IV common stock. 2032 Private Placement Notes On April 19, 2022, we as guarantor, and SmartStop OP, L.P. (our Operating Partnership as issuer, entered into a note purchase agreement (the Note Purchase Agreement ), pursuant to which we issued million of Senior Notes due (the 2032 Private Placement Notes ). The proceeds were used primarily to pay off existing debt and to pay off certain existing indebtedness of SSGT II in connection with the SSGT II Merger. See Note 5 Debt, for additional information. Credit Facility On March 17, 2021, we, through our Operating Partnership, entered into a credit facility with KeyBank, National Association as administrative agent, with an initial aggregate commitment of million (the Credit Facility ), which consisted of a million revolving credit facility and a million term loan. We used the initial draw proceeds of approximately million primarily to pay off certain existing indebtedness as well as indebtedness of SST IV in connection with the SST IV Merger. On October 7, 2021, we amended the Credit Facility to increase the commitments on the revolving credit facility by million, to million. As a result of this amendment, the aggregate commitment under the Credit Facility is now million. On April 19, 2022, we amended the Credit Facility to facilitate the issuance of the 2032 Private Placement Notes, make conforming changes between the Note Purchase agreement and the Credit Facility, and to transition from London Interbank Offer Rate LIBOR to secured overnight financing rate SOFR for floating rate borrowings. See Note 5 Debt, for additional information. Equity , in which we offered a maximum of billion in common shares for sale to the public (the Primary Offering and million in common shares for sale pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan (collectively, the Offering At the termination of our Offering in January 2017, we had sold approximately million Class A Shares and approximately million Class T Shares for approximately million and million respectively. In November 2016, we filed with the Securities Exchange Commission SEC a Registration Statement on Form S-3, which registered up to an additional million in shares under our distribution reinvestment plan (our DRP Offering ). As of December 31, 2022, we had sold approximately million Class A Shares and approximately million Class T Shares for approximately million and million, respectively, in our DRP Offering. On December 6, 2022, our board of directors, (the Board ), upon recommendation of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, approved an Estimated Per Share NAV of our common stock of for our Class A Shares and Class T Shares based on the estimated value of our assets less the estimated value of our liabilities, or net asset value, divided by the number of shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis, calculated as of September 30, 2022. Prior to the termination of our Primary Offering, Select Capital Corporation, a California corporation (our Former Dealer Manager ), was responsible for marketing our shares offered pursuant to our Primary Offering. Strategic Asset Management I, LLC (f/k/a SmartStop Asset Management, LLC), our former sponsor SAM previously indirectly owned a non-voting equity interest in our Former Dealer Manager. Now that our Primary Offering has terminated, our Former Dealer Manager no longer provides such services for us. However, through March 31, 2022 we paid our Former Dealer Manager an ongoing stockholder servicing fee with respect to the Class T Shares sold in the Primary Offering. See Note 10 Related Party Transactions Former Dealer Manager Agreement. Other Corporate History Our Operating Partnership was formed on . During 2013, Strategic Storage Advisor II, LLC, our former external advisor Former External Advisor purchased limited partnership interests in our Operating Partnership for and on August 2, 2013, we contributed the initial capital contribution we received to our Operating Partnership in exchange for the general partner interest. As we accepted subscriptions for shares of our common stock, we transferred all of the net Offering proceeds to our Operating Partnership as capital contributions in exchange for additional units of interest in our Operating Partnership. However, we were deemed to have made capital contributions in the amount of gross proceeds received from investors, and our Operating Partnership was deemed to have simultaneously paid the sales commissions and other costs associated with the Offering. Our issuances of Preferred Stock were treated similarly and we received related units of interest in our Operating Partnership. In addition, our Operating Partnership is structured to make distributions with respect to limited partnership units that are equivalent to the distributions made to holders of common stock. Finally, a common limited partner in our Operating Partnership may later exchange his or her common limited partnership units in our Operating Partnership for shares of our common stock at any time after one year following the date of issuance of their limited partnership units, subject to certain restrictions outlined in our Operating Partnership s limited partnership agreement. Our Operating Partnership owns, directly or indirectly through one or more subsidiaries, all of the self storage properties that we own. As of December 31, 2022, we owned approximately of the common units of limited partnership interests of our Operating Partnership. The remaining approximately of the common units are owned by current and former members of our executive management team or indirectly by SAM, its affiliates, and affiliates of our Former Dealer Manager. As the sole general partner of our Operating Partnership, we have the exclusive power to manage and conduct the business of our Operating Partnership. Recent Economic Conditions Broad economic weakness, inflationary pressures, rising interest rates, geopolitical events, or other economic events could adversely impact our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. However, the extent and duration to which our operations may be impacted is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 

non-voting member of Strategic Storage Advisor VI, LLC, our advisor to SST VI (the SST VI Advisor ). We continue to be the primary beneficiary of SST VI Advisor, and their operations therefore continue to be consolidated by us. As of December 31, 2022, we were not a party to any other material contracts or interests that would be deemed variable interests in VIEs other than our joint ventures with SmartCentres, which are all accounted for under the equity method of accounting (see Note 4 Investments in Unconsolidated Real Estate Ventures for additional information), and our joint venture programs through which we offer our tenant insurance, tenant protection plans or similar programs (the Tenant Protection Programs with SST VI, SSGT III, SSGT II (through June 1, 2022) which are consolidated. 
 
 control, over the Managed REITs operating and financial policies through our advisory and property management agreements with the respective Managed REITs. The equity method of accounting requires the investment to be initially recorded at cost and subsequently adjusted for our share of equity in the respective Managed REIT s earnings and reduced by distributions. We record the interest on the debt investments on the accrual basis and such income is included in other in our consolidated statements of operations. See Note 10 Related Party Transactions for additional information. 

The value of the tangible assets, consisting of land and buildings, is determined as if vacant. Substantially all of the leases in place at acquired properties are at market rates, as the majority of the leases are month-to-month contracts. We also consider whether in-place, market leases represent an intangible asset. We recorded approximately million, million, and in intangible assets to recognize the value of in-place leases related to our acquisitions during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We do not expect, nor to date have we recorded, intangible assets for the value of customer relationships because we expect we will not have concentrations of significant customers and the average customer turnover will be fairly frequent. Allocation of purchase price to acquisitions of portfolios of facilities are allocated to the individual facilities based upon an income approach or a cash flow analysis using appropriate risk adjusted capitalization rates which take into account the relative size, age, and location of the individual facility along with current and projected occupancy and rental rate levels or appraised values, if available. Acquisitions that do not meet the definition of a business, as defined under current GAAP, are accounted for as asset acquisitions. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our property acquisitions, including the SST IV Merger and the SSGT II merger, did not meet the definition of a business because substantially all of the fair value was concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets (i.e. land, buildings, and related intangible assets) and because the acquisitions did not include a substantive process in the form of an acquired workforce or an acquired contract that cannot be replaced without significant cost, effort or delay. As a result, once an acquisition is deemed probable, acquisition related transaction costs are capitalized rather than expensed. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 we expensed approximately million, million, and million, respectively, of acquisition-related transaction costs that did not meet our capitalization policy during the respective periods. 
 real property asset impairment losses were recognized. 
 
 primary trademarks acquired therein. Trademarks are based on the value of our brands. Trademarks are valued using the relief from royalty method, which presumes that without ownership of such trademarks, we would have to make a stream of payments to a brand or franchise owner in return for the right to use their name. By virtue of this asset, we avoid any such payments and record the related intangible fair value of our ownership of the brand name. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, million was recorded related to the SmartStop Self Storage trademark, which is an indefinite lived trademark. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, approximately million and million, respectively, was recorded to the Strategic Storage trademark, which is a definite lived trademark. The total estimated future amortization expense of the Strategic Storage trademark asset for the years ending December 31, 2023 and 2024, is approximately and , respectively, and thereafter. We qualitatively evaluate whether any triggering events or changes in circumstances have occurred subsequent to our annual impairment test that would indicate an impairment condition may exist. If any change in circumstance or triggering event occurs, and results in a significant impact to our revenue and profitability projections, or any significant assumption in our valuation methods is adversely impacted, the impact could result in a material impairment charge in the future. 
 Additionally, we earn revenue in connection with our Tenant Protection Programs joint ventures with our Managed REITs. We also earn development and construction management revenue from services we provide in connection with the project design, coordination and oversite of development and certain capital improvement projects undertaken by the Managed REITs. We recognize such revenue in the Managed REIT Platform revenue line within our consolidated statements of operations as the services are performed or delivered. See Note 10 Related Party Transactions, for additional information regarding revenue generated from our Managed REIT Platform. 
 million and million were recorded to allowance for doubtful accounts, respectively, and are included within other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, within general and administrative. The Company incurred advertising costs of approximately million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, within property operating expenses. 

Buildings 
 
 - 

Site Improvements 
 
 - 

to , and are included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 million and accumulated amortization of in-place lease intangibles totaled approximately million. As of December 31, 2021, the gross amounts allocated to in-place lease intangibles were approximately million and accumulated amortization of in-place lease intangibles totaled approximately million. The total estimated future amortization expense of intangible assets related to our self storage properties for the years ending December 31, 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026, and thereafter is approximately million, million, million, million, and million respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the gross amount of the intangible assets related to management contracts and one purchase and sale contract, which is not amortized, for a self storage property was approximately million and accumulated amortization of those intangibles totaled approximately million. As of December 31, 2021, the gross amount of the intangible assets related to management contracts was approximately million and accumulated amortization of those intangibles totaled approximately million. In connection with the SSGT II Merger, we wrote-off the carrying value of the intangible assets related to the SSGT II property management and advisory agreements. See Note 10 Related Party Transactions for additional information. The total estimated future amortization expense related to the management contract intangible asset for the years ending December 31, 2023, 2024, and thereafter is approximately , , and thereafter, respectively. We evaluate whether any triggering events or changes in circumstances have occurred subsequent to our annual impairment test that would indicate an impairment condition may exist. If any change in circumstance or triggering event occurs, and results in a significant impact to our revenue and profitability projections, or any significant assumption in our valuations methods is adversely impacted, the impact could result in a material impairment charge in the future. 
 million and accumulated amortization of debt issuance costs related to our revolving credit facility totaled approximately million. As of December 31, 2021, the gross amount of debt issuance costs related to our revolving credit facility totaled million , and accumulated amortization of debt issuance costs related to our revolving credit facility totaled million. As of December 31, 2022, the gross amount allocated to debt issuance costs related to non-revolving debt totaled approximately million and accumulated amortization of debt issuance costs related to non-revolving debt totaled approximately million. As of December 31, 2021, the gross amount allocated to debt issuance costs related to non-revolving debt totaled approximately million and accumulated amortization of debt issuance costs related to non-revolving debt totaled approximately million. 
 of the Class T Shares sold in the Primary Offering. In accordance with the selling agreements we entered into with respect to the sale of Class T Shares, we ceased paying the stockholder servicing fee with respect to the Class T Shares sold in the Primary Offering on the fifth anniversary of the last day of the fiscal quarter in which our Primary Offering (i.e., excluding our distribution reinvestment plan offering) terminated March 31, 2022. Our Former Dealer Manager entered into participating dealer agreements with certain other broker-dealers which authorized them to sell our shares. Upon sale of our shares by such broker-dealers, our Former Dealer Manager re-allowed all of the sales commissions and, subject to certain limitations, the stockholder servicing fees paid in connection with sales made by these broker-dealers. Our Former Dealer Manager was also permitted to re-allow to these broker-dealers a portion of their dealer manager fee as marketing fees, reimbursement of certain costs and expenses of attending training and education meetings sponsored by our Former Dealer Manager, payment of attendance fees required for employees of our Former Dealer Manager or other affiliates to attend retail seminars and public seminars sponsored by these broker-dealers, or to defray other distribution-related expenses. We recorded a liability within due to affiliates for the future estimated stockholder servicing fees at the time of sale of Class T Shares as an offering cost. 
 million and a loss of approximately million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 On March 7, 2022, the board of directors approved the complete suspension of the Company's SRP. See Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report for additional information. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we received redemption requests totaling approximately million (approximately million shares). Due to the complete suspension of our SRP we were unable to honor redemption requests made during the year ended December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we received redemption requests totaling approximately million (approximately million shares), approximately million of which were fulfilled during the year ended December 31, 2021, with the remaining approximately million included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities as of December 31, 2021 and fulfilled in January 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we received redemption requests totaling approximately million (approximately million shares), approximately million of which were fulfilled during the year ended December 31, 2020, with the remaining approximately million included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities as of December 31, 2020 and fulfilled in January 2021. 
 
 of their annual salary, subject to a statutory prescribed annual limit. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company made matching contributions to such plan of approximately million and million, respectively, based on a company match of on the first of an employee s compensation. 
 The accounting guidance for fair value measurements and disclosures provides a framework for measuring fair value and establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. In determining fair value, we will utilize valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs to the extent possible as well as consider counterparty credit risk in our assessment of fair value. Considerable judgment will be necessary to interpret Level 2 and 3 inputs in determining fair value of our financial and non-financial assets and liabilities. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the fair values we will present will be indicative of amounts that may ultimately be realized upon sale or other disposition of these assets. Financial and non-financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis in our consolidated financial statements consist of real estate and related liabilities assumed related to our acquisitions along with the assets and liabilities described in Note 3 Real Estate Facilities. The fair values of these assets and liabilities were determined as of the acquisition dates using widely accepted valuation techniques, including (i) discounted cash flow analysis, which considers, among other things, leasing assumptions, growth rates, discount rates and terminal capitalization rates, (ii) income capitalization approach, which considers prevailing market capitalization rates, and (iii) comparable sales activity. Additionally, certain such assets and liabilities are required to be fair valued periodically or valued pursuant to ongoing fair value requirements and impairment analyses and have been valued subsequently utilizing the same techniques noted above. In general, we consider multiple valuation techniques when measuring fair values. However, in certain circumstances, a single valuation technique may be appropriate. All of the fair values of the assets and liabilities as of the acquisition dates were derived using Level 3 inputs. The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, other assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, distributions payable and amounts due to affiliates approximate fair value. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we held interest rate swaps, interest rate caps, and net investment hedges to hedge our interest rate and foreign currency exposure (See Notes 5 Debt and 7 Derivative Instruments). The valuations of these instruments were determined using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of the derivative. The analyses reflect the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and used observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves, foreign exchange rates, and implied volatilities. The fair value of the interest rate swaps were determined using the market standard methodology of netting the discounted future fixed cash payments and the discounted expected variable cash payments. Our fair values of our net investment hedges are based primarily on the change in the spot rate at the end of the period as compared with the strike price at inception. To comply with GAAP, we incorporate credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both our own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. In adjusting the fair value of derivative contracts for the effect of non-performance risk, we consider the impact of netting and any applicable credit enhancements, such as collateral postings, thresholds, mutual puts, and guarantees. Although we had determined that the majority of the inputs used to value our derivatives were within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments associated with our derivatives utilized Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads, to evaluate the likelihood of default by us and our counterparties. However, through December 31, 2022, we had assessed the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of our derivative positions and determined that the credit valuation adjustments were not significant to the overall valuation of our derivatives. As a result, we determined that our derivative valuations in their entirety were classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 of the REIT s taxable income to stockholders (which is computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction or net capital gains and which does not equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP). For income tax purposes, distributions to common stockholders are characterized as ordinary dividends, capital gain dividends, or as nontaxable distributions. To the extent that we make a distribution in excess of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, the distribution will be a non-taxable return of capital, reducing the tax basis in each U.S. stockholder s shares, and the amount of each distribution in excess of a U.S. stockholder s tax basis in its shares will be taxable as gain realized from the sale of its shares. As a REIT, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on taxable income that we distribute to our stockholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will then be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on our taxable income at regular corporate rates and will not be permitted to qualify for treatment as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes for four years following the year during which qualification is lost unless the IRS grants us relief under certain statutory provisions. Such an event could materially adversely affect our net income and net cash available for distribution to stockholders. However, we believe that we are organized and operate in such a manner as to qualify for treatment as a REIT and intend to operate in the foreseeable future in such a manner that we will remain qualified as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Even if we continue to qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to certain state, local, and foreign taxes on our income and property, and federal income and excise taxes on our undistributed income. We filed an election to treat our taxable REIT subsidiaries TRS as a taxable REIT subsidiary effective January 1, 2014. In general, our TRS performs additional services for our customers and provides the advisory and property management services to the Managed REITs and otherwise generally engages in any real estate or non-real estate related business. The TRS is subject to corporate federal and state income tax. We account for deferred income taxes using the asset and liability method and recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in our financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Any increase or decrease in the deferred tax liability that results from a change in circumstances, and that causes a change in our judgment about expected future tax consequences of events, is included in the tax provision when such changes occur. Deferred income taxes also reflect the impact of operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. A valuation allowance is provided if we believe it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. Any increase or decrease in the valuation allowance that results from a change in circumstances, and that causes a change in our judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset, is included in the tax provision when such changes occur. Uncertain tax positions may arise where tax laws may allow for alternative interpretations or where the timing of recognition of income is subject to judgment. Under ASC Topic 740, tax positions are evaluated for recognition using a more likely than not threshold, and those tax positions requiring recognition are measured at the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. Interest and penalties relating to uncertain tax positions will be recognized in income tax expense when incurred. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no uncertain tax positions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. Income taxes payable are classified within accounts payable and accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. The tax years 2018-2021 remain open to examination by the major taxing jurisdictions to which we are subject. 
 , , and of our rental income was concentrated in Florida, California, and the Greater Toronto Area of Canada, respectively. Our properties within the aforementioned geographic areas are dispersed therein, operating in multiple different regions and sub-markets. 
 reportable segments: (i) self storage operations and (ii) the Managed REIT Platform business. Please see Note 9 Segment Disclosures for additional detail. 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 
 () 

Net income (loss) attributable to SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. 

() 

() 

Less: Distributions to preferred stockholders 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Less: Distributions to participating securities 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders - basic: 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders - diluted: 

() 

() 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Average number of common shares outstanding- basic 

Unvested LTIP Units 

Unvested restricted stock awards 

Average number of common shares outstanding - diluted 

Earnings per common share: 

Basic 

() 

() 

Diluted 

() 

() 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 

LTIP Units 

Restricted Stock Awards 

In December 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848). ASU 2022-06 contains practical expedients for reference rate reform related activities that impact debt, leases, derivatives and other contracts. We elected to apply expedients related to contract modifications, changes in critical terms, and our assessments of effectiveness for designated hedged risks as qualifying changes are made to applicable debt and derivative contracts. Application of these expedients on such qualifying changes maintains the consistency of our presentation of debt and derivative contracts. 

Facilities acquired through merger with SST IV 

Facility acquisitions 

Impact of foreign exchange rate changes 

() 

Improvements and additions (1) 

Acquisitions, additions and other (2) 

Disposition due to deconsolidation (2) 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Facilities acquired through merger with SSGT II 

Other facility acquisitions (3) 

Impact of foreign exchange rate changes 

() 

Improvements and additions (4) 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Accumulated depreciation 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

Depreciation expense 

() 

Disposition due to deconsolidation (2) 

Impact of foreign exchange rate changes 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

Depreciation expense 

() 

Impact of foreign exchange rate changes 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 
 
 (1) million, which added approximately net rentable square feet and approximately additional units, and opened in June of 2021. The remainder consists primarily of solar panel installations, LED lighting conversions, and other general capital improvements. 

 (2) 

 (3) individual property acquisitions completed during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 (4) million of solar panel installations, the remainder being comprised of other general capital improvements. 

SSGT II Merger On June 1, 2022, (the SSGT II Merger Date ), each share of SSGT II s common stock, par value per share SSGT II Common Stock ), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (other than shares owned by us, any subsidiary of ours, or any subsidiary of SSGT II) was automatically , subject to the treatment of fractional shares in accordance with the SSGT II merger agreement (the SSGT II Merger Consideration ). As a result of the SSGT II Merger, we acquired all of the real estate owned by SSGT II, which as of the SSGT II Merger date consisted of (i) wholly-owned self storage facilities located in states comprising approximately self storage units and approximately net rentable square feet, and (ii) SSGT II s equity interest in three unconsolidated real estate ventures located in the Greater Toronto Area of Ontario, Canada. The unconsolidated real estate ventures consist of operating self storage properties and parcel of land being developed into a self storage facility, with subsidiaries of SmartCentres owning the other of such entities. Additionally, we obtained SSGT II's rights to acquire (i) parcel of land being developed into a self storage facility in an unconsolidated joint venture with SmartCentres, and (ii) a self storage property located in Southern California. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, on January 12, 2023, we acquired the aforementioned parcel of land in an unconsolidated joint venture that we and SmartCentres intend to develop into a self storage facility in the future. A s of December 31, 2022, of the development joint venture properties had been completed and had begun operations. 

Cash (1) 

Preexisting investments in and advances to SSGT II (2) 

Total consideration 

million in cash was primarily used to pay off approximately million of SSGT II's debt that we did not assume in the SSGT II Merger, as well as approximately million in transaction costs. million to record the then fair market value of our special limited partnership interest in SSGT II operating partnership. 
 We issued approximately million Class A Shares to the former SSGT II stockholders in connection with the SSGT II Merger. The estimated fair value of our common stock issued was determined by third party valuation specialists primarily based on an income approach to value our properties as well as our Managed REIT Platform, adjusted for market related adjustments and illiquidity discounts, less the estimated fair value of our debt and other liabilities. These fair value measurements are based on significant inputs not observable in the market and thus represent a Level 3 measurement as discussed in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. The key assumptions used in estimating the fair value of our common stock included a marketability discount of , projected annual net operating income, land sales comparisons, growth rates, discount rates, and capitalization rates. 

Buildings 

Site improvements 

Construction in process 

Intangible assets (1) 

Investments in real estate joint ventures 

Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

Other assets 

Total assets acquired 

Liabilities assumed: 

Total liabilities assumed (2) 

Total net assets acquired 

million of the intangible assets acquired relates to the value of a purchase and sale agreement for the acquisition of a property in San Gabriel, CA that we assumed in the SSGT II Merger. The remainder of the intangible asset relates to value ascribed to the in-place leases on the properties acquired. 
 As a result of our acquiring SSGT II and terminating the preexisting advisory and property management agreements with SSGT II, we expensed approximately million related to such assets on the acquisition date. SST IV Merger On November 10, 2020, we, SST IV Merger Sub, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours SST IV Merger Sub ), and SST IV entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the SST IV Merger Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the SST IV Merger Agreement, on March 17, 2021 (the SST IV Merger Date ), we acquired SST IV by way of a merger of SST IV with and into SST IV Merger Sub, with SST IV Merger Sub being the surviving entity. On the SST IV Merger Date, each share of SST IV common stock outstanding immediately prior to the SST IV Merger Date (other than shares owned by SST IV and its subsidiaries or us and our subsidiaries) was automatically (the SST IV Merger Consideration ). Immediately prior to the SST IV Merger, all shares of SST IV common stock that were subject to vesting and other restrictions also became fully vested and converted into the right to receive the SST IV Merger Consideration. As a result of the SST IV Merger, we acquired all of the real estate owned by SST IV, consisting of wholly-owned self storage facilities located across states and self storage real estate joint ventures located in the Greater Toronto Area of Ontario, Canada. As of the SST IV Merger Date, the real estate joint ventures consisted of operating properties and properties in various stages of development. A s of December 31, 2022, of the development joint venture properties had been completed and had begun operations. 

Cash (1) 

Other 

Total Consideration Transferred 

(1) million in cash was primarily used to pay off approximately million of SST IV debt that we did not assume in the SST IV Merger, as well as approximately million in transaction costs. 

We issued approximately million Class A Shares to the former SST IV stockholders in connection with the SST IV Merger. The estimated fair value of our common stock issued was determined by third party valuation specialists primarily based on an income approach to value the properties as well as our Managed REIT Platform, adjusted for market related adjustments and illiquidity discounts, less the estimated fair value of our debt and other liabilities. These fair value measurements are based on significant inputs not observable in the market and thus represent a Level 3 measurement as discussed in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. The key assumptions used in estimating the fair value of our common stock included a marketability discount of , projected annual net operating income, land sales comparisons, growth rates, discount rates, and capitalization rates. 

Buildings 

Site improvements 

Construction in progress 

Intangible assets 

Investments in real estate joint ventures 

Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

Other assets 

Total assets acquired 

Liabilities assumed: 

Debt (1) 

Accounts payable and other liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Total net assets acquired 

(1) million of debt on the KeyBank SST IV CMBS Loan, a million fair market value discount on such debt, and the approximately million SST IV TCF Loan. See Note 5 Debt for additional information. 

As a result of our acquiring SST IV and terminating the preexisting advisory and property management agreements with SST IV, and the write off of a special limited partnership interest we had related to SST IV, we expensed approximately million related to such assets on the acquisition date. Self Storage Facility Acquisitions On February 8, 2022, we purchased a self storage facility located in Algonquin, Illinois (the Algonquin Property ). The purchase price for the Algonquin Property was approximately million, plus closing costs. Upon acquisition, the property was approximately occupied. The acquisition was funded with proceeds from the KeyBank Credit Facility Revolver. On May 10, 2022, we purchased a self storage facility located in Sacramento, California (the Sacramento II Property ). The purchase price for the Sacramento II Property was approximately million, plus closing costs. Upon acquisition, the property was approximately occupied. The acquisition was funded with proceeds from the KeyBank Credit Facility Revolver. On May 17, 2022, we purchased a self storage facility located in St. Johns, Florida (the St. Johns Property ). The purchase price for the St. Johns Property was approximately million, plus closing costs. Upon acquisition, the property was approximately occupied. The acquisition was funded with proceeds from the KeyBank Credit Facility Revolver. On June 28, 2022, we purchased a self storage facility located in Aurora, Colorado (the Aurora Property ). The purchase price for the Aurora Property was approximately million, plus closing costs. Upon acquisition, the property was approximately occupied. The acquisition was funded with proceeds from the KeyBank Credit Facility Revolver. 

Sacramento II, CA 

St Johns, FL 

SSGT II (4) 

(5) 

Aurora IV, CO 

(1) 

 (2) 

 (3) 

 (4) 

 (5) million of value assigned to a purchase and sale agreement contract intangible asset acquired in the SSGT II Merger related to a property in San Gabriel, California. 

Potential Acquisitions We, through our wholly-owned subsidiaries were party to three purchase and sale agreements with unaffiliated third parties for the acquisition of self storage facilities located in the U.S. which had not yet closed as of December 31, 2022. The total purchase price for these properties was approximately million, plus closing costs. There can be no assurance that we will complete these acquisitions. If we fail to acquire these properties, in addition to the incurred acquisition costs, we may also forfeit earnest money as a result . We may assign some or all of the above purchase and sale agreements to one of our Managed REITs. 

 self storage real estate joint ventures located in the Greater Toronto Area of Ontario, Canada, of which were operating properties and of which was under development as of December 31, 2022. As a result of the SSGT II Merger, we acquired self storage real estate joint ventures located in the Greater Toronto Area of Ontario, Canada, of which was an operating property and of which were under development as of December 31, 2022. On May 25, 2022, we, as owner and SmartCentres as the other owner of a joint venture subsidiary, purchased a single tenant industrial building located in the city of Burnaby, British Columbia (the Regent Property ), that we and SmartCentres intend to develop into a self storage facility in the future. Our of the total purchase price for the Regent Property was approximately million CAD, plus closing costs. These joint venture agreements are with a subsidiary of SmartCentres, an unaffiliated third party, to acquire, develop, and operate self storage facilities. In accordance with such agreements, we intend to fund development costs of approximately million dollars during 2023 and an additional million dollars, primarily during 2026 and 2027. We account for these investments using the equity method of accounting and they are stated at cost and adjusted for our share of net earnings or losses and reduced by distributions and increased for contributions. Equity in earnings (loss) will generally be recognized based on our ownership interest in the earnings (loss) of each of the unconsolidated investments, and is recorded in other income (expense) in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded net aggregate loss of approximately million and million respectively, from our equity in earnings related to our unconsolidated real estate ventures in Canada. ownership interests in investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures in Canada (the JV Properties ): 

JV Property 
 
 Date Real Estate Venture Became Operational 
 
 Carrying Value of Investment as of December 31, 2022 

Carrying Value of Investment as of December 31, 2021 

Dupont (1) 

East York (2) 

Brampton (2) 

Vaughan (2) 

Oshawa (2) 

Scarborough (2) 

Aurora (1) 

Kingspoint (2) 

Markham (1) 

Regent (3) 

(1) 

 (2) 

 (3) 

Subsequent to December 31, 2022, on January 12, 2023, we as owner and SmartCentres as the other owner of a joint venture subsidiary, acquired a parcel of land in Whitby, Ontario, that we and SmartCentres intend to develop into a self storage facility in the future. We as owner and SmartCentres as the other owner of a joint venture subsidiary were party to three purchase and sale agreements for the acquisition of land intended to be developed into self storage facilities which had not yet closed. Our portion of the total purchase price for these properties was approximately million, plus closing costs. There can be no assurance that we will complete these acquisitions. Additionally, we may assign some or all of such purchase and sale agreements to the Managed REITs. If we fail to acquire these properties, in addition to the incurred acquisition costs, we may also forfeit earnest money as a result. Financing Agreement In connection with the SST IV Merger, we, through our acquisition of the Oshawa, East York, Brampton, Vaughan, and Scarborough joint venture partnerships, also became party to a master mortgage commitment agreement (the MMCA I with SmartCentres Storage Finance LP (the SmartCentres Lender (collectively, the SmartCentres Loan I ). The SmartCentres Lender is an affiliate of SmartCentres. On August 18, 2021, the Kingspoint property was added to the MMCA I, increasing the available capacity. The SmartCentres Loan I includes an accordion feature such that borrowings pursuant thereto may be increased up to approximately CAD million subject to certain conditions set forth in the MMCA I. On June 1, 2022, in connection with the SSGT II Merger, we assumed another loan with the SmartCentres Lender. SSGT II had previously entered into a master mortgage commitment agreement on April 30, 2021, which was subsequently modified on October 22, 2021 (the MMCA II ), with the SmartCentres Lender in the amount of up to approximately million CAD (the SmartCentres Loan II (collectively with SmartCentres Loan I, the SmartCentres Financings ). The borrowers under the SmartCentres Loan II are the joint venture entities in which we (SSGT II prior to June 1, 2022), and SmartCentres each hold a limited partnership interest with respect to the Dupont and Aurora joint venture properties. In connection with the SmartCentres Loan II assumption, we became a recourse guarantor for of the SmartCentres Loan. On September 13, 2022, the Markham property was added to the MMCA II, increasing the available capacity. The SmartCentres Loan II includes an accordion feature such that borrowings pursuant thereto may be increased up to approximately CAD million subject to certain conditions set forth in the MMCA II. As of December 31, 2022, approximately CAD million or approximately million USD was outstanding on the SmartCentres Financings. As of Decmber 31, 2021, approximately CAD million or approximately million USD was outstanding on the SmartCentres Financings. The proceeds of the SmartCentres Financings will generally be used to finance the acquisition, development, and construction of the JV Properties. The SmartCentres Financings are secured by first mortgages on each of the JV Properties, excluding the Regent Property. Interest on the SmartCentres Financings is a variable annual rate equal to the aggregate of: (i) the BA Equivalent Rate, plus: (ii) a margin based on the External Credit Rating, plus (iii) a margin under the Senior Credit Facility, each as defined and described further in the MMCA I and MMCA II. As of December 31, 2022, the total interest rate was approximately . The SmartCentres Financings, as amended, have a maturity date of , and each contain two one year extension options. Monthly interest payments are initially capitalized on the outstanding principal balance. Upon a JV Property generating sufficient Net Cash Flow (as defined in the MMCA I and MMCA II), the SmartCentres Financings provide for the commencement of quarterly payments of interest. As of December 31, 2022, Dupont, East York, Brampton, and Vaughan were generating sufficient net cash flow and therefore were required to and were making such interest payments. The borrowings advanced pursuant to the SmartCentres Financings may be prepaid without penalty, subject to certain conditions set forth in the MMCA I and MMCA II. The SmartCentres Financings contain customary affirmative and negative covenants, agreements, representations, warranties and borrowing conditions (including a loan to value ratio of no greater than with respect to each JV Property) and events of default, all as set forth in the MMCA I and MMCA II. We serve as a full recourse guarantor with respect to of the SmartCentres Financings. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all such covenants. 

KeyBank Florida CMBS Loan (2) 

Midland North Carolina CMBS Loan (3) 

CMBS Loan (4) 

SST IV CMBS Loan (5) 

SST IV TCF Loan (6) 

Credit Facility Term Loan - USD (7) 

Credit Facility Revolver - USD (7) 

2032 Private Placement Notes (7) 

Oakville III BMO Loan (8) (9) 

Ladera Office Loan 

Premium (discount) on secured debt, net 

() 

Debt issuance costs, net 

() 

() 

Total debt 

(1) properties (Whittier, La Verne, Santa Ana, Upland, La Habra, Monterey Park, Huntington Beach, Chico, Lancaster I, Riverside, Fairfield, Lompoc, Santa Rosa, Federal Heights, Aurora, Littleton, Bloomingdale, Crestwood, Forestville, Warren I, Sterling Heights, Troy, Warren II, Beverly, Everett, Foley, Tampa, Boynton Beach, and Lancaster II) with monthly interest only payments until September 2021, at which time both interest and principal payments became due monthly. The separate assets of these encumbered properties are not available to pay our other debts. 

 (2) properties (Pompano Beach, Lake Worth, Jupiter, Royal Palm Beach, and Delray) with monthly interest only payments until June 2022, at which time both interest and principal payments became due monthly. The separate assets of these encumbered properties are not available to pay our other debts. 

 (3) properties (Asheville I, Arden, Asheville II, Hendersonville I, Asheville III, Asheville IV, Asheville V, Asheville VI, Asheville VII, Asheville VIII, and Hendersonville II) with monthly interest only payments until September 2019, at which time both interest and principal payments became due monthly. This loan was fully defeased on May 19, 2022 for approximately million, inclusive of loan defeasance costs. In connection with this loan defeasance, we recorded a net loss on extinguishment of debt of approximately million. 

 (4) properties (Myrtle Beach I, Myrtle Beach II, Port St. Lucie, Plantation, Sonoma, Las Vegas I, Las Vegas II, Las Vegas III, Ft Pierce, Nantucket Island). The separate assets of these encumbered properties are not available to pay our other debts. 

 (5) million fixed rate CMBS financing with KeyBank as the initial lender pursuant to a mortgage loan (the SST IV CMBS Loan ). This fixed rate loan encumbers properties owned by us (Jensen Beach, Texas City, Riverside, Las Vegas IV, Puyallup, Las Vegas V, and Plant City). The separate assets of these encumbered properties are not available to pay our other debt. The loan has a maturity date of . Monthly payments due under the loan agreement (the SST IV CMBS Loan Agreement are interest only, with the full principal amount becoming due and payable on the maturity date. 

 (6) million (the SST IV TCF Loan ). The SST IV TCF Loan was secured by a first mortgage on each of the Ocoee Property, the Ardrey Kell Property, the Surprise Property, the Escondido Property, and the Punta Gorda Property (the SST IV TCF Properties ). This loan was fully paid off on April 28, 2022 in the amount of million. There were no prepayment penalties for this pay off. 

 (7) 

 (8) million. The interest only loan is prepayable at any time without penalty, and bears interest at a rate of + CDOR. 

 (9) 

The weighted average interest rate on our consolidated debt, excluding the impact of our interest rate hedging activities, as of December 31, 2022 was approximately . We are subject to certain restrictive covenants relating to the outstanding debt, and as of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all such covenants. 2032 Private Placement Notes On April 19, 2022, we as guarantor, and our Operating Partnership as issuer, entered into a Note Purchase Agreement which provides for the private placement of million of Senior Notes due . The sale and purchase of the 2032 Private Placement Notes occurred in two closings, with the first of such closings having occurred on April 19, 2022 with million aggregate principal amount of the 2032 Private Placement Notes having been issued on such date (the First Closing and the second of such closings having occurred on May 25, 2022 with million aggregate principal amount of the 2032 Private Placement Notes having been issued on such date (the Second Closing ). Interest on the Notes is subject to a potential prospective 75 basis points increase, if, as of March 31, 2023, the ratio of total indebtedness to EBITDA (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement) (the Total Leverage Ratio of the Company and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, is greater than to (a Total Leverage Ratio Event ). If a Total Leverage Ratio Event shall have occurred as of such date, the interest accruing on the 2032 Private Placement Notes would be until such time as the Total Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to to for two consecutive fiscal quarters. Interest on each series of the 2032 Private Placement Notes will be payable semiannually on the nineteenth day of April and October in each year, beginning on October 19, 2022, until maturity. We are permitted to prepay at any time all, or from time to time any part of, the Notes, in amounts not less than of the 2032 Private Placement Notes then outstanding at (i) 100 of the principal amount so prepaid and (ii) the Make-Whole Amount (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement). The Make-Whole Amount is equal to the excess, if any, of the discounted value of the remaining scheduled payments with respect to the 2032 Private Placement Notes being prepaid over the amount of such 2032 Private Placement Notes. In addition, in connection with a Change of Control (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement), the Operating Partnership is required to offer to prepay the 2032 Private Placement Notes at of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, but without the Make Whole Amount or any other prepayment premium or penalty of any kind. The Company must also maintain a debt rating of the 2032 Private Placement Notes by an Acceptable Rating Agency (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement). The Note Purchase Agreement contains certain customary representations and warranties, affirmative, negative and financial covenants, and events of default that are substantially similar to our existing Credit Facility. The 2032 Private Placement Notes have been issued on a pari passu basis with the Credit Facility, and as such, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries (the Subsidiary Guarantors fully and unconditionally guarantee the Operating Partnership's obligations under the 2032 Private Placement Notes. The 2032 Private Placement Notes are initially secured by a pledge of equity interests in the Subsidiary Guarantors on similar terms as the Credit Facility. The proceeds from the 2032 Private Placement Notes were used primarily to pay off existing debt and to pay off certain existing indebtedness of SSGT II in connection with the SSGT II Merger. Credit Facility On March 17, 2021, we, through our Operating Partnership (the Borrower ), entered into a credit facility with KeyBank, National Association, as administrative agent, KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc., Wells Fargo Securities, Citibank, N.A., and BMO Capital Markets Corp., as joint book runners and joint lead arrangers, and certain other lenders party thereto (the Credit Facility ). The initial aggregate amount of the Credit Facility was million, which consisted of a million revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility Revolver and a million term loan (the Credit Facility Term Loan ). The Borrower had the right to increase the amount available under the Credit Facility by an additional million (the Accordion Feature ), for an aggregate amount of million, subject to certain conditions. The Credit Facility also includes sublimits of (a) up to million for letters of credit and (b) up to million for swingline loans; each of these sublimits are part of, and not in addition to, the amounts available under the Credit Facility Revolver. Borrowings under the Credit Facility may be in either U.S. dollars or Canadian dollars. The maturity date of the Credit Facility Revolver is , subject to a extension option, at our election. The maturity date of the Credit Facility Term Loan is , which can no t be extended. The Credit Facility may be prepaid or terminated at any time without penalty; provided, however, that the lenders shall be indemnified for certain breakage costs. On October 7, 2021, the Borrower and lenders who were party to the Credit Facility amended the Credit Facility to increase the commitment on the Credit Facility Revolver by million for a total commitment of million. In connection with the increased commitments, additional lenders were added to the Credit Facility. The commitments on the Credit Facility Term Lo an remain unchanged. As a result of this amendment, the aggregate commitment on the Credit Facility is now million. In addition, the Accordion Feature was also amended such that Borrower has the right to increase the aggregate amount of the Credit Facility by an additional million, for an aggregate amount of up to billion, subject to certain conditions. On April 19, 2022, we amended the Credit Facility (the Credit Facility Amendment ). The primary purpose of the Credit Facility Amendment was to: (i) facilitate the issuance of the 2032 Private Placement Notes, (ii) make conforming changes between the Note Purchase Agreement and the Credit Facility, and (iii) modify the Credit Facility to reflect a transition from LIBOR to SOFR for floating rate borrowings. As of December 31, 2022, advances under the Credit Facility Term Loan incurred interest at , while advances under the Credit Facility Revolver incurred interest at . The Credit Facility is also subject to an annual unused fee based upon the average amount of the unused portion of the Credit Facility Revolver, which varies from bps to bps, depending on the size of the unused amount, as well as whether a Security Interest Termination Event (defined below) has occurred. The rate spreads above Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Index Adjustment or CDOR at which the Credit Facility incurs interest are subject to increase based on the Consolidated Leverage Ratio (as defined the Credit Facility Amendment). There are five leverage tiers under the Credit Facility, with the top tier limited to a maximum leverage (as defined in the Credit Facility Agreement) of and maximum spreads of basis points and basis points on the Term Loan and the Credit Facility Revolver, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio was within the first leverage tier. The Credit Facility is fully recourse, jointly and severally, to us, our Operating Partnership, and certain of our subsidiaries (the Subsidiary Guarantors ). In connection with this, we, our Operating Partnership, and our Subsidiary Guarantors executed guarantees in favor of the lenders. The Credit Facility is also cross-defaulted to (i) any recourse debt of ours, our Operating Partnership, or the Subsidiary Guarantors and (ii) any non-recourse debt of ours, our Operating Partnership, or the Subsidiary Guarantors of at least million. The Credit Facility is initially secured by a pledge of equity interests in the Subsidiary Guarantors. However, upon the achievement of certain security interest termination conditions, the pledges shall be released and the Credit Facility shall become unsecured. The Credit Facility contains certain customary representations and warranties, affirmative, negative and financial covenants, borrowing conditions, and events of default. In particular, the financial covenants imposed include: a maximum leverage ratio, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, a minimum tangible net worth, certain limits on both secured debt and secured recourse debt, certain payout ratios of dividends paid to core funds from operations, limits on unhedged variable rate debt, and minimum liquidity. If an event of default occurs and continues, the Borrower is subject to certain actions by the administrative agent, including, without limitation, the acceleration of repayment of all amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility. During 2022, the borrowing base was expanded to include the two properties acquired in May 2022, the wholly-owned operatin g properties acquired in the SSGT II Merger, the properties previously encumbered by the Midland North Carolina CMBS Loan, and the properties previously encumbered by the TIV TCF Loan, such that as of December 31, 2022, of our wholly owned properties were encumbered by the Credit Facility. The availability of the Credit Facility is subject to certain calculations, including a debt service coverage ratio DSCR calculation which utilizes prevailing treasury rates within the calculation. As of December 31, 2022, the Borrower had borrowed approximately million of the million current capacity of the Credit Facility Revolver and all million of the million current capacity of the Credit Facility Term Loan. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and thereafter 

Total payments 

Premium on secured debt, net 

() 

Debt issuance costs, net 

() 

Total 

million in preferred shares (the aggregate shares to be purchased, the Preferred Shares of our new Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock ), in one or more closings (each, a Closing, and collectively, the Closings ). The initial closing (the Initial Closing in the amount of million occurred on the Commitment Date, and the second and final closing in the amount of million occurred on October 26, 2020. We incurred approximately million in issuance costs related to the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, which were recorded as a reduction to Series A Convertible Preferred stock on our consolidated balance sheets. The shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock rank senior to all other shares of our capital stock, including our common stock, with respect to rights to receive dividends and to participate in distributions or payments upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. Dividends payable on each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock will initially be equal to a rate of per annum. If the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock has not been redeemed on or prior to the fifth anniversary date of the Initial Closing, the dividend rate will increase an additional per annum each year thereafter to a maximum of per annum until the tenth anniversary of the Initial Closing, at which time the dividend rate shall increase per annum each year thereafter until the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is redeemed or repurchased in full. The dividends are payable in arrears for the prior calendar quarter on or before the 15 th day of March, June, September and December of each year. , , , , or if redeemed prior to the first, second, third, fourth, or fifth anniversary dates of issuance, respectively, or if redeemed thereafter, as set forth in the Articles Supplementary. Upon a change of control event, we have the right to redeem any or all outstanding Series A Convertible Preferred Stock at an amount equal to the greater of (i) the amount that would have been payable had the Preferred Shares been converted into common stock pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement immediately prior to such change of control or (ii) the Liquidation Amount, plus the Premium Amount, as set forth in the Articles Supplementary. In addition, subject to certain cure provisions, if we fail to maintain our status as a real Premium Amount. 
 days after a Listing, the holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock have the right to convert any or all of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock held by such holders into common stock at a rate per share equal to the quotient obtained by dividing the Liquidation Amount by the conversion price. The conversion price is , as may be adjusted in connection with stock splits, stock dividends and other similar transactions. The holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are not entitled to vote on any matter submitted to a vote of our stockholders, except that in the event that the dividend for the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock has not been paid for at least four quarters (whether or not consecutive), the holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock have the right to vote together with our stockholders on any matter submitted to a vote of our stockholders, upon which the holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and holders of common stock shall vote together as a single class. The number of votes applicable to a share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock will be equal to the number of shares of common stock a share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock could have been converted into as of the record date set for purposes of such stockholder vote. loan-to-value, (ii) entering into certain transactions with our Executive Chairman as of the Commitment Date, or his affiliates, (iii) effecting a merger (or similar) transaction with an entity whose assets are not at least self storage related and (iv) entering into any line of business other than self storage and ancillary businesses, unless such ancillary business represents revenues of less than of our revenues for our last fiscal year. As of December 31, 2022, there were Preferred Shares outstanding with an aggregate liquidation preference of approximately million, which consists of million from the Initial Closing, million from a closing on October 26, 2020 and approximately million of accumulated and unpaid distributions. As of December 31, 2021, there were Preferred Shares outstanding with an aggregate liquidation preference of approximately million, which consisted of million from the Initial Closing, million from a closing on October 26, 2020 and approximately million of accumulated and unpaid distributions. 

Foreign Currency Hedges Our objectives in using foreign currency derivatives are to add stability to potential fluctuations in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar and to manage our exposure to exchange rate movements. To accomplish this objective, we have used foreign currency forwards and foreign currency options as part of our exchange rate risk management strategy. A foreign currency forward contract is a commitment to deliver a certain amount of currency at a certain price on a specific date in the future. By entering into the forward contract and holding it to maturity, we are locked into a future currency exchange rate in an amount equal to and for the term of the forward contract. A foreign currency option contract is a commitment by the seller of the option to deliver, solely at the option of the buyer, a certain amount of currency at a certain price on a specific date. For derivatives designated as net investment hedges, the changes in the fair value of the derivatives are reported in accumulated other comprehensive income. Amounts are reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings when the hedged net investment is either sold or substantially liquidated. 

SOFR Cap 

SOFR Cap 

SOFR Cap 

SOFR Cap 

Foreign Currency Forwards: 

Denominated in CAD (1) 

Denominated in CAD (1) 

(1) 
 On February 10, 2021, we rolled a previously existing CAD million currency forward into a two month CAD million foreign currency forward, with a settlement date of . On April 12, 2021, we settled this foreign currency forward, paying a net settlement of approximately USD million, and simultaneously entered into a new approximately CAD million currency forward with a settlement date of . On May 6, 2021, we entered into a second currency forward, for approximately CAD million, with a settlement date of . On April 12, 2022, we settled this foreign currency forward, receiving a net settlement of approximately USD million, and simultaneously entered into a new CAD million currency forward with a settlement date of . On October 12, 2022, we settled this foreign currency forward, receiving a net settlement of approximately USD million, and simultaneously entered into a new CAD million currency forward with a settlement date of . The designated portion of our gain (loss) from our settled and unsettled foreign currency hedges is recorded net in foreign currency hedge contract gain (loss) in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), the other portion, a gain of approximately million and million related to the portion that is not designated for hedge accounting, was recorded in Other, net within our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Foreign Currency Forwards: 

Denominated in CAD (1) 

Denominated in CAD (1) 

(1) 

Other assets 

Foreign Currency Hedges 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

() 

() 
 
 Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Interest Rate Caps 

() 
 
 Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign Currency Forwards 

() 
 
 N/A 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Based on the forward rates in effect as of December 31, 2022, we estimate that approximately million related to our qualifying cash flow hedges will be reclassified to reduce interest expense during the next 12 months. 

Deferreds 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

() 

For the year ended December 31, 2021 

Federal 

State 

Canadian 

Total 

Current 

Deferreds 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

() 

For the year ended December 31, 2020 

Federal 

State 

Canadian 

Total 

Current 

Deferreds 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Non-taxable REIT (income) loss 
 
 () 

- 

State and local income tax expense - net of federal benefit 
 
 () 

- 

Foreign income taxed at different rates 

Change in valuation allowance 
 
 () 

- 

Other 

Total income tax expense (benefit) 
 
 () 

- 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Rate 

Expected tax at statutory rate 
 
 () 

Non-taxable REIT (income) loss 

- 

State and local income tax expense - net of federal benefit 
 
 () 

Foreign income taxed at different rates 
 
 () 

Change in valuation allowance 

- 

Other 
 
 () 

Total income tax expense (benefit) 
 
 () 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Rate 

Expected tax at statutory rate 
 
 () 

Non-taxable REIT (income) loss 

- 

State and local income tax expense - net of federal benefit 
 
 () 

Foreign income taxed at different rates 

- 

Change in valuation allowance 
 
 () 

Other 

- 

Total income tax expense (benefit) 
 
 () 

() 

Canadian real estate 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liability 

() 

() 

Deferred tax assets: 

Other 

Canadian non-capital losses 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

The Canadian non-capital losses expire between and . The valuation allowance is associated with the Canadian non-capital losses. 

reportable business segments: (i) self storage operations and (ii) our Managed REIT Platform business. Management evaluates performance based upon property net operating income NOI ). For our self storage operations, NOI is defined as leasing and related revenues, less property level operating expenses. NOI for the Company s Managed REIT Platform business represents Managed REIT Platform revenues less Managed REIT Platform expenses. 

Ancillary operating revenue 

Managed REIT Platform revenue 

Reimbursable costs from Managed REITs 

Total revenues 

Operating expenses: 

Property operating expenses 

Managed REIT Platform expense 

Reimbursable costs from Managed REITs 

General and administrative 

Depreciation 

Intangible amortization expense 

Acquisition expenses 

Contingent earnout adjustment 

Write-off of equity interest and preexisting relationships upon acquisition of control 

Total operating expenses 

Gain on equity interests upon acquisition 

Income (loss) from operations 

() 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss on extinguishment of debt 

() 

() 

Other, net 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Managed REIT 

Corporate 

Self Storage 

Platform 

and Other 

Total 

Revenues: 

Self storage rental revenue 

Ancillary operating revenue 

Managed REIT Platform revenue 

Reimbursable costs from Managed REITs 

Total revenues 

Operating expenses: 

Property operating expenses 

Managed REIT Platform expense 

Reimbursable costs from Managed REITs 

General and administrative 

Depreciation 

Intangible amortization expense 

Acquisition expenses 

Contingent earnout adjustment 

Write-off of equity interest and preexisting relationships in SST IV upon acquisition of control 

Total operating expenses 

Gain on sale of real estate 

Income (loss) from operations 

() 

() 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss on extinguishment of debt 

() 

() 

Other, net 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Managed REIT 

Corporate 

Self Storage 

Platform 

and Other 

Total 

Revenues: 

Self storage rental revenue 

Ancillary operating revenue 

Managed REIT Platform revenue 

Reimbursable costs from Managed REITs 

Total revenues 

Operating expenses: 

Property operating expenses 

Managed REIT Platform expense 

Reimbursable costs from Managed REITs 

General and administrative 

Depreciation 

Intangible amortization expense 

Acquisition expenses 

Contingent earnout adjustment 

() 

() 

Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets 

Impairment of investments in Managed REITs 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

() 

() 

() 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Other, net 

() 

() 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Managed REIT Platform (2) 

Corporate and Other 

Total assets (3) 

million and million of goodwill, respectively. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022 we had never recorded any impairment charges to goodwill within the Self Storage segment. (2) million and million of goodwill, respectively. Such goodwill is net of previous impairment charges in the Managed REIT Platform segment of approximately million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, which relates to the impairment charge recorded during the quarter ended March 31, 2020. (3) 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately million and million, respectively, of our assets in the self storage segment related to our operations in Canada. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, approximately million, million, and million, respectively, of our revenues in the self storage segment related to our operations in Canada. Substantially all of our operations related to the management fees we generate through our management contracts with the Managed REITs are performed in the U.S.; accordingly substantially all of our assets and revenues related to our Managed REIT segment are based in the U.S. as well. 

 F- 45 
 
 SMARTSTOP SELF STORAGE REIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Class A-2 limited partnership units of the Operating Partnership, See Note 12 Commitment and Contingencies Contingent Earnout for additional information. As a result of the Self Administration Transaction, SAM is no longer our sponsor, and we became self-managed and succeeded to the advisory, asset management and property management businesses and certain joint ventures previously in place for us, SST IV (until the SST IV Merger Date), and SSGT II (until the SSGT II Merger Date), and we acquired the internal capability to originate, structure and manage additional future self storage investment products which would be sponsored by SmartStop REIT Advisors, LLC SRA ), our indirect subsidiary. The Former Dealer Manager Agreement and the transfer agent agreement described below were not impacted by the Self Administration Transaction. Our Chief Executive Officer, who is also the Chairman of our board of directors, holds ownership interests in and is an officer of SAM, and other affiliated entities. Our Chief Executive Officer also previously indirectly held an ownership interest in our Former Dealer Manager. Previously, certain of our executive officers and another member of our board of directors held ownership interests in and/or were officers of SAM, and other affiliated entities. Accordingly, any agreements or transactions we have entered into with such entities may present a conflict of interest. None of SAM and its affiliates or our directors or executive officers receive any compensation, fees or reimbursements from our Managed REITs, other than with respect to fees and reimbursements in accordance with the Administrative Services Agreement and the transfer agent agreement, or as otherwise described in this section. Former Dealer Manager Agreement In connection with our Primary Offering, our Former Dealer Manager received a sales commission of up to of gross proceeds from sales of Class A Shares and up to of gross proceeds from the sales of Class T Shares in the Primary Offering and a dealer manager fee of up to of gross proceeds from sales of both Class A Shares and Class T Shares in the Primary Offering under the terms of the Former Dealer Manager Agreement. In addition, our Former Dealer Manager received an ongoing stockholder servicing fee as discussed in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Organization and Offering Costs. Affiliated Former Dealer Manager SAM previously indirectly held a non-voting equity interest in our Former Dealer Manager. Affiliates of our Former Dealer Manager own limited partnership interests in our Operating Partnership. Transfer Agent Agreement SAM owns of the membership interests of Strategic Transfer Agent Services, LLC, our transfer agent Transfer Agent ), which is a registered transfer agent with the SEC. Pursuant to our transfer agent agreement, our Transfer Agent provides transfer agent and registrar services to us. These services are substantially similar to what a third party transfer agent would provide in the ordinary course of performing its functions as a transfer agent, including, but not limited to: providing customer service to our stockholders, processing the distributions and any servicing fees with respect to our shares and issuing regular reports to our stockholder. Our Transfer Agent may retain and supervise third party vendors in its efforts to administer certain services. We believe that our Transfer Agent, through its knowledge and understanding of the direct participation program industry which includes non-traded REITs, is particularly suited to provide us with transfer agent and registrar services. Our Transfer Agent also conducts transfer agent and registrar services for our Managed REITs and other affiliates. Fees paid to our Transfer Agent include a fixed quarterly fee, one-time account setup fees, monthly open account fees and fees for investor inquiries. In addition, we will reimburse our Transfer Agent for all reasonable expenses or other changes incurred by it in connection with the provision of its services to us, and we will pay our Transfer Agent fees for any additional services we may request from time to time, in accordance with its rates then in effect. Upon the request of our Transfer Agent, we may also advance payment for substantial reasonable out-of-pocket expenditures to be incurred by it. , which term is automatically renewed for successive terms, but either party may terminate the transfer agent agreement upon 90 days prior written notice. In the event that we terminate the transfer agent agreement, other than for cause, we will pay our transfer agent all amounts that would have otherwise accrued during the remaining term of the transfer agent agreement; provided, however, that when calculating the remaining months in the term for such purposes, such term is deemed to be a 12 month period starting from the date of the most recent annual anniversary date. 

Additional paid-in capital 

Transfer Agent expenses 

Stockholder servicing fee (1) 

Other 

Other 

Total 

(1) of the Class T Shares sold in the Primary Offering. The amount incurred during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 represents an adjustment to the estimated stockholder servicing fee recorded at the time of the sale of the Class T Shares, based on the cessation date of such stockholder servicing fee of March 31, 2022. 

Acquisition of Self Storage Platform from SAM and Other Transactions As a result of the Self Administration Transaction, we acquired the self storage sponsorship platform of SAM. Accordingly, the advisor and property manager entities of SST IV and SSGT II became our indirect subsidiaries, and we became entitled to receive various fees and expense reimbursements under the terms of the SST IV and SSGT II advisory and property management agreements as described below. In addition, we now also own the advisor and property manager entities of SST VI and SSGT III and are entitled to receive various fees and expense reimbursements under the terms of the SST VI and SSGT III advisory and property management agreements as described below. Advisory Agreement Fees Our indirect subsidiaries, Strategic Storage Advisor IV, LLC, the advisor to SST IV (the SST IV Advisor ), SS Growth Advisor II, LLC, the advisor to SSGT II (the SSGT II Advisor ), the SST VI Advisor, and the SSGT III Advisor are or were entitled to receive various fees and expense reimbursements under the terms of the SST IV, SSGT II, SST VI, and SSGT III advisory agreements. SST IV Advisory Agreement The SST IV Advisor provided acquisition and advisory services to SST IV pursuant to an advisory agreement (the SST IV Advisory Agreement with SST IV up until the SST IV Merger on March 17, 2021. Effective April 30, 2020, SST IV suspended its offering due to various factors, including the uncertainty relating to the ongoing COVID-19 outbreak and its potential economic impact, the status of fundraising in the non-traded REIT industry due to such uncertainty and the termination of its dealer manager agreement. SST IV s public offering terminated on September 11, 2020. The SST IV Advisor received a monthly asset management fee equal to , which is , of SST IV s aggregate asset value, as defined. The SST IV Advisor was potentially also entitled to various subordinated distributions under SST IV s operating partnership agreement pursuant to the special limited partnership interest and its cash flow participation distribution rights if SST IV (1) listed its shares of common stock on a national exchange, (2) terminated the SST IV Advisory Agreement, (3) liquidated its portfolio, or (4) entered into an Extraordinary Transaction, as defined in the SST IV operating partnership agreement . Effective March 17, 2021, in connection with the SST IV Merger, the SST IV Advisory Agreement was terminated and none of the aforementioned subordinated distributions or fees were paid. As a result of us acquiring SST IV and terminating such contracts, we recorded a write-off of approximately million related to the carrying value of the SST IV Advisory Agreement contract. Similarly, we recorded a write-off of approximately million related to our special limited partnership interest, which per the terms of the SST IV Merger Agreement, terminated without consideration . As a result of the Self Administration Transaction, we recorded a deferred tax liability, which was the result of the difference between the GAAP carrying value of the SST IV Advisory Agreement and its carrying value for tax purposes. As we reduced the GAAP carrying value of such intangible asset, as noted above, we adjusted the corresponding value of our related deferred tax liability by approximately million during the year ended December 31, 2021, and recorded such benefit to the income tax (expense) benefit line-item in our consolidated statements of operations . SSGT II Advisory Agreement The SSGT II Advisor provided acquisition and advisory services to SSGT II pursuant to an advisory agreement (the SSGT II Advisory Agreement with SSGT II up until the SSGT II Merger on June 1, 2022. Effective as of April 30, 2020, SSGT II suspended its offering due to various factors, including the uncertainty relating to the ongoing COVID-19 outbreak and its potential economic impact, the status of fundraising in the non-traded REIT industry due to such uncertainty and the termination of its dealer manager agreement. The SSGT II Advisor received a monthly asset management fee equal to , which is , of SSGT II s aggregate asset value, as defined. The SSGT II Advisor was potentially entitled to various subordinated distributions under SSGT II s operating partnership agreement pursuant to the special limited partnership interest and its cash flow participation distribution rights. Effective June 1, 2022, in connection with the SSGT II Merger, the SSGT II Advisory Agreement was terminated and pursuant to the SSGT II operating partnership agreement, subordinated distribution of approximately million was otherwise due. As a result, we recorded a gain of approximately million related to our special limited partnership interest and recorded this within gain on preexisting equity interests upon acquisition of control in our consolidated statements of operations. As a result of our acquisition of SSGT II and terminating the SSGT II Advisory Agreement, we recorded a write-off of approximately million related to the carrying value of the SSGT II Advisory Agreement contract. As a result of the Self Administration Transaction, we recorded a deferred tax liability, which was the result of the difference between the GAAP carrying value of the SSGT II Advisory Agreement and its carrying value for tax purposes. As we reduced the GAAP carrying value of such intangible asset, as noted above, we adjusted the corresponding value of our related deferred tax liability by approximately million on June 1, 2022, and recorded such benefit to the income tax (expense) benefit line-item in our consolidated statements of operations. SST VI Advisory Agreement The SST VI Advisor provides acquisition and advisory services to SST VI pursuant to an advisory agreement (the SST VI Advisory Agreement ). In connection with the SST VI private placement offering, SST VI was required to reimburse the SST VI Advisor for organization and offering costs from the SST VI private offering pursuant to the SST VI private offering advisory agreement. Pursuant to the SST VI Advisory Agreement, the SST VI Advisor receives acquisition fees equal to of the contract purchase price of each property SST VI acquires plus reimbursement of any acquisition expenses that SST VI Advisor incurs. The SST VI Advisor also receives a monthly asset management fee equal to , which is , of SST VI s aggregate asset value, as defined. A subsidiary of our Operating Partnership may also be potentially entitled to a subordinated distribution through its ownership of a special limited partnership in SST VI s operating partnership agreement if SST VI (1) lists its shares of common stock on a national exchange, (2) terminates the SST VI Advisory Agreement, (3) liquidates its portfolio, or (4) merges with another entity or enters into an Extraordinary Transaction, as defined in the SST VI operating partnership agreement. The SST VI Advisory Agreement provides for reimbursement of the SST VI Advisor s direct and indirect costs of providing administrative and management services to SST VI. Beginning four fiscal quarters after commencement of SST VI's public offering, which was declared effective March 17, 2022, the SST VI Advisor will be required to pay or reimburse SST VI the amount by which SST VI s aggregate annual operating expenses, as defined, exceed the greater of 2 of SST VI s average invested assets or 25 of SST VI s net income, as defined, unless a majority of SST VI s independent directors determine that such excess expenses were justified based on unusual and non-recurring factors. On March 1, 2022, Pacific Oak Holding Group, LLC, became a non-voting member of the SST VI Advisor. Pacific Oak Capital Markets, LLC (a subsidiary of Pacific Oak Holding Group, LLC) is SST VI's dealer manager, and as such, is responsible for the marketing of SST VI shares being offered pursuant to SST VI's private offering, and subsequent to March 17, 2022, SST VI's public offering. On October 25, 2022, we, through one of our subsidiaries also agreed to pay SST VI s dealer manager an amount equal to of the gross offering proceeds from the sale of Class W shares sold in their public offering . As such, through December 31, 2022, we had paid SST VI's dealer manager approximately associated with the Class W Shares sold in their public offering. Additionally, in connection with the commencement of SST VI's public offering, the SST VI Advisor or its affiliates agreed that it will fund on behalf of SST VI, an amount equal to of the gross offering proceeds from the sale of Class W shares sold in their initial public offering, which amount shall be used by SST VI towards the payment of its offering expenses. Through December 31, 2022, the SST VI Advisor or its affiliates had incurred such reimbursable costs in the amount of approximately . SSGT III Advisory Agreement The SSGT III Advisor provides acquisition and advisory services to SSGT III pursuant to an advisory agreement (the SSGT III Advisory Agreement ). In connection with the SSGT III private placement offering, which became effective on May 18, 2022, SSGT III is required to reimburse the SSGT III Advisor for organization and offering costs from the SSGT III private offering pursuant to the SSGT III Advisory Agreement. Pursuant to the SSGT III Advisory Agreement, the SSGT III Advisor will receive acquisition fees equal to of the contract purchase price of each property SSGT III acquires plus reimbursement of acquisition expenses that SSGT III Advisor incurs, provided, however, that no reimbursement shall be made for costs of personnel to the extent that such personnel perform services in transactions for which the Advisor receives the Acquisition Fee. The SSGT III Advisor also receives a monthly asset management fee equal to , which is , of SSGT III s aggregate asset value, as defined. The SSGT III Advisor is also entitled to receive a disposition fee equal to of the contract sale price for any properties sold inclusive of any real estate commissions paid to third party real estate brokers. Through a separate agreement, Pacific Oak Holding Group, LLC, the parent company of Pacific Oak Capital Markets, LLC, the dealer manager for the SSGT III private offering, is entitled to receive of the acquisition fees, asset management fees and disposition fees SSGT III Advisor earns pursuant to the SSGT III Advisory Agreement. A subsidiary of our Operating Partnership may also be potentially entitled to various subordinated distributions through its ownership of a special limited partnership in SSGT III s operating partnership agreement if SSGT III (1) lists its shares of common stock on a national exchange, (2) terminates the SSGT III Advisory Agreement, (3) liquidates its portfolio, or (4) merges with another entity or enters into an Extraordinary Transaction, as defined in the SSGT III operating partnership agreement. The SSGT III Advisory Agreement provides for reimbursement of the SSGT III Advisor s direct and indirect costs of providing administrative and management services to SSGT III. Managed REIT Property Management Agreements Our indirect subsidiaries, Strategic Storage Property Management IV, LLC, SS Growth Property Management II, LLC, Strategic Storage Property Management VI, LLC, and SS Growth Property Management III, LLC, (collectively the Managed REITs Property Managers ), are entitled to receive fees for their services in managing the properties owned by the Managed REITs pursuant to property management agreements entered into between the owner of the property and the applicable Managed REIT s Property Manager. The Managed REITs Property Managers will receive a property management fee equal to of the gross revenues from the properties, generally subject to a monthly minimum of per property, plus reimbursement of the costs of managing the properties, and a one-time fee of for each property acquired that would be managed by the Managed REITs Property Managers. Reimbursable costs and expenses include wages and salaries and other expenses of employees engaged in operating, managing and maintaining such properties. Pursuant to the property management agreements, we through our Operating Partnership employ the on-site staff for the Managed REITs properties. The SST IV, SST VI, and SSGT III property managers are or were entitled to a construction management fee equal to of the cost of a related construction or capital improvement work project in excess of . Effective March 17, 2021, in connection with the SST IV Merger, the SST IV property management contracts were terminated. As a result of us acquiring SST IV and terminating such contracts, we recorded a write-off of approximately million related to the carrying value of the SST IV property management contracts. Effective June 1, 2022, in connection with the SSGT II Merger, the SSGT II property management contracts were terminated. As a result of us acquiring SSGT II and terminating such contracts, we recorded a write-off of approximately million related to the carrying value of the SSGT II property management contracts. In connection with the Self Administration Transaction, we previously recorded a deferred tax liability, which was the result of the difference between the GAAP carrying value of the SST IV and SSGT II property management contracts and their carrying values for tax purposes. As we reduced the GAAP carrying value of such intangible assets, we adjusted the value of our deferred tax liability on a pro-rata basis, reducing the deferred tax liability by approximately million during the three months ended March 31, 2021 related to the SST IV Merger and million during the three months ended June 30, 2022 related to the SSGT II Merger and the related aforementioned write-offs, and recorded such benefits within the income tax (expense) benefit line-item in our consolidated statements of operations. Summary of Fees and Revenue Related to the Managed REITs 

SSGT II (2) 

SST VI 

SSGT III 

Property Management: 

SST IV (1) 

SSGT II (2) 

SST VI 

SSGT III 

Tenant Protection Program: 

SST IV (1) 

SSGT II (2) 

SST VI 

SSGT III 

Acquisition Fees: 

SST VI 

SSGT III 

Other revenue (3) 

Total Managed REIT Platform Revenue 

(1) 

 (2) 

 (3) 

We offer tenant insurance or tenant protection programs to customers at our Managed REITs' properties pursuant to which we, as the property manager and majority shareholder of the Tenant Protection Program joint ventures, are entitled to substantially all of the net revenue attributable to the sale of such tenant programs. In order to protect our interest in receiving these revenues in light of the fact that the Managed REITs control the properties, we and the Managed REITs transferred our respective rights in such arrangements to a joint venture entity owned by us through a TRS subsidiary and by the Managed REIT. Under the terms of the operating agreements of the joint venture entities, we receive of the net revenues generated from such Tenant Protection Programs and the Managed REIT receives the other of such net revenues. Subsequent to the SST IV Merger and the SSGT II Merger, the SST IV and SSGT II Tenant Protection Programs joint ventures are wholly owned by us and such revenue is generated at our now wholly-owned self storage properties and is recorded within ancillary operating revenue in our consolidated statements of operations. Reimbursable costs from Managed REITs includes reimbursement of SST IV (until the SST IV Merger Date), SSGT II, (until the SSGT II Merger Date), SST VI and SSGT III's Advisors direct and indirect costs of providing administrative and management services to the Managed REITs. Additionally, reimbursable costs includes reimbursement pursuant to the property management agreements for reimbursement of the costs of managing the Managed REITs properties, including wages and salaries and other expenses of employees engaged in operating, managing and maintaining such properties. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had receivables due from the Managed REITs totaling approximately million, and million, respectively. Such amounts are included in investments in and advances to the Managed REITs line-item in our consolidated balance sheets. Such amounts included unpaid amounts relative to the above table, in addition to other direct routine reimbursable expenditures of the Managed REITs that we directly funded. Investments in and advances to SST VI OP Equity Investments On March 10, 2021, SmartStop OP made an investment of million in SST VI OP, in exchange for common units of limited partnership interest in SST VI OP. Additionally, a subsidiary of SmartStop OP owns a special limited partnership interest (the SLP in SST VI OP. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a loss related to our equity interest in SST VI OP of approximately million, and received distributions in the amount of approximately . As discussed in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, due to our equity interest in SST VI OP, we consolidated this investment from March 10, 2021 (the date of our initial investment in SST VI OP) until May 1, 2021. Debt Investments On March 11, 2021, SST VI OP, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, used the funds from our million investment described above, in part, to acquire its first self storage facility in Phoenix, Arizona for approximately million. In connection with SST VI OP s acquisition of the Phoenix property, we provided a million mezzanine loan to a wholly-owned subsidiary of SST VI OP with an initial interest rate of and term of ; as well as a extension option which was exercised and increased the interest rate to for the remainder of the term. On April 16, 2021, in connection with SST VI OP s investment in a real estate joint venture property located in North York, Ontario Canada, we provided a million term loan with similar terms as the mezzanine loan discussed above. On November 12, 2021, a wholly-owned subsidiary of SST VI OP repaid the outstanding balance on the million mezzanine loan and the million term loan along with all accrued interest. The loans were terminated in accordance with the mezzanine loan agreement and the term loan agreement without fees or penalties. On December 30, 2021, in connection with SST VI's acquisition of self storage facilities, SmartStop OP entered into a mezzanine loan agreement with a wholly-owned subsidiary of SST VI OP for up to million (the SST VI Mezzanine Loan ). The SST VI Mezzanine Loan required a commitment fee equal to of the amount drawn at closing of the SST VI Mezzanine Loan, and each subsequent draw. The SST VI Mezzanine Loan was amended on December 20, 2022, such amendment increased the principal borrowing amount from a maximum of million to million. Pursuant to this amendment, the interest rate on the SST VI Mezzanine Loan converted to a variable rate equal to . Additionally, in such amendment, SST VI exercised the existing extension option, whereby payments on the SST VI Mezzanine Loan are interest only until December 30, 2023. The SST VI Mezzanine Loan may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without fees or penalty and, in certain circumstances, equity interests securing the SST VI Mezzanine Loan may be released from the pledge of collateral. The SST VI Mezzanine Loan is secured by a pledge of the equity interest in the indirect, wholly-owned subsidiaries of SST VI that collectively owned operating self storage facilities as of December 31, 2022. SST VI OP also serves as a non-recourse guarantor. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, a wholly-owned subsidiary of SST VI OP had million and million outstanding, respectively, pursuant to the SST VI Mezzanine Loan. 

Debt: 

SST VI Mezzanine Loan (1) 

Equity: 

SST VI OP Units and SLP 

Total investments in and advances 

(1) million and million, respectively was available to be drawn on the SST VI Mezzanine Loan. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, on January 30, 2023, SST VI borrowed an additional million on the SST VI Mezzanine Loan. Additionally, on January 30, 2023, we invested million in preferred limited partnership interests in SST VI OP. Please see Note 14 Subsequent Events, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 Investments in and advances to SSGT III OP Equity Investments On August 29, 2022, SmartStop OP made an investment of million in SS Growth Operating Partnership III, L.P., the operating partnership of SSGT III SSGT III OP ), in exchange for common units of limited partnership interest in SSGT III OP. Additionally, a subsidiary of SmartStop OP owns a special limited partnership interest (the SLP in SSGT III OP. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a loss related to our equity interest in SSGT III OP of approximately million, and received distributions in the amount of approximately . Debt Investments On August 9, 2022, in connection with SSGT III's acquisition of two self storage facilities, SmartStop OP, L.P. entered into a mezzanine loan agreement with a wholly-owned subsidiary of SSGT III, for up to million (the SSGT III Mezzanine Loan ), of which million was funded as an initial draw at the time of closing. The SSGT III Mezzanine Loan requires a commitment fee equal to of the amount drawn at closing of the SSGT III Mezzanine Loan, and subsequent draws. The SSGT III Mezzanine Loan was amended on December 20, 2022, such amendment increased the principal borrowing amount from up to million to million. Pursuant to this amendment, the interest rate on the SSGT III Mezzanine Loan became a variable rate equal to . Payments on the SSGT III Mezzanine Loan are interest only until August 9, 2023, which is the initial maturity date of the SSGT III Mezzanine Loan . SSGT III may, in certain circumstances, extend the ultimate maturity date of the SSGT III Mezzanine Loan until August 9, 2024 upon written notice to us, in which event the interest rate of the SSGT III Mezzanine Loan will increase to per annum, pursuant to the December 20, 2022 amendment. The SSGT III Mezzanine Loan may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without fees or penalty and, in certain circumstances, equity interests securing the SSGT III Mezzanine Loan may be released from the pledge of collateral. The SSGT III Mezzanine Loan is secured by a pledge of the equity interest in the indirect, wholly-owned subsidiaries of SSGT III, that owned operating self storage facilities as of December 31, 2022. SSGT III OP, also serves as a non-recourse guarantor. As of December 31, 2022, a wholly-owned subsidiary of SSGT III OP had million outstanding pursuant to the SSGT III Mezzanine Loan. 

Debt: 

SSGT III Mezzanine Loan (1) 

Equity: 

SSGT III OP Units and SLP 

Total investments in and advances 

(1) million was available to be drawn on the SSGT III Mezzanine Loan. On January 26, 2023, SSGT III fully repaid the million outstanding principal, plus accrued interest. 
 Administrative Services Agreement On June 28, 2019, we along with our Operating Partnership, SmartStop TRS and SmartStop Storage Advisors, LLC (collectively, the Company Parties entered into an Administrative Services Agreement with SAM (the Administrative Services Agreement ), which, as amended, requires that the Company Parties will be reimbursed for providing certain operational and administrative services to SAM which may include, without limitation, accounting and financial support, IT support, HR support, advisory services and operations support, and administrative support as set forth in the Administrative Services Agreement and SAM will be reimbursed for providing certain operational and administrative services to the Company Parties which may include, without limitation, due diligence support, marketing, fulfillment and offering support, events support, insurance support, and administrative and facilities support. SAM and the Company Parties will reimburse one another based on the actual costs of providing their respective services. Additionally, SAM paid the Company Parties an allocation of rent and overhead for the portion of the Ladera Office that it occupied. Such agreement had an initial term of three years, with automatic one-year renewals, and is subject to certain adjustments as defined in the agreement. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred reimbursements payable to SAM under the Administrative Services Agreement of approximately million and approximately million, respectively, which were recorded in the Managed REIT Platform expenses line item in our consolidated statements of operations. We recorded reimbursements from SAM of approximately million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to services provided to SAM as well as reimbursements of rent and overhead for the portion of the Ladera Office occupied by SAM, which were included in Managed REIT Platform revenue in our consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, a receivable of approximately and was due from SAM related to the Administrative Services Agreement, respectively. 

 performance based awards, a fair value was determined for each performance ranking scenario, with stock compensation expense recorded using the fair value of the scenario determined to be probable of achievement as of the end of the respective period. Time Based Awards We have granted various time based awards, which generally vest ratably over either one , three , or commencing in the year of grant, subject to the recipient s continued employment or service through the applicable vesting date. All grants of time based restricted stock have limitations on transferability during the vesting period, and the grantee does not have the ability to vote any unvested shares. Transferability during the vesting period depends upon when the grant was made, as follows (i) with respect to grants of time based restricted stock made prior to April 2020, the restriction on transfers applies to the entirety of the grant, regardless of vesting, and (ii) with respect to grants of time based restricted stock made in or subsequent to April 2020, the restriction on transfer applies only to the unvested portion of the restricted stock . With respect to grants of time based LTIP Units, distributions accrue based on the effective date of each grant, and are payable as distributions are paid on our Class A Shares without regard to whether the underlying awards have vested. With respect to time based restricted stock issued to our board of directors in or after June 2022, distributions accrue as of the effective date of each grant and are payable as distributions are paid on our Class A Shares without regard to whether the underlying awards have vested. With respect to all other existing time based restricted stock, distributions accrue on non-vested shares granted and are paid when the underlying restricted shares vest. Holders of time based LTIP Units receive allocations of profits and losses with respect to the LTIP Units as of the effective date, distributions from the effective date in an amount equivalent to the distributions declared and paid on our Class A Shares, and the same voting rights as holders of common units, voting as a class with each LTIP Unit holder having one vote per LTIP Unit held. Prior to vesting, time based LTIP Units generally may not be transferred, other than by laws of descent and distribution. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Unvested at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Unvested at December 31, 2022 

Performance Based Awards With respect to performance based awards, the number of shares of restricted stock granted as of the grant date equaled of the targeted award, whereas the number of LTIP Units granted as of the grant date equaled of the targeted amount of the award. The targeted award for each executive was determined and approved by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors. The actual number of shares of restricted stock or LTIP Units, as applicable, to be issued upon vesting may range from to of the targeted award, such determination being based upon the results of the performance measure. Performance based awards vest based upon our performance as ranked amongst a peer group of self storage related companies. This comparison will be conducted using a performance measure of average annual same-store revenue growth, analyzed over a three-year period. Earned awards for the 2020, 2021 and 2022 grants will vest, as applicable, no later than , 2024 , and 2025 , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, no performance based awards had vested. Recipients of performance based restricted stock accrue distributions during the performance period, and such distributions will only be payable on the date that any such shares of restricted stock vest, based upon the performance level attained. of the targeted award and are entitled to receive distributions and allocations of profits and losses with respect to the performance based LTIP Units as of the effective date of each award in an amount equal to 10 of the distributions and allocations available to such LTIP Units, until the Distribution Participation Date (as defined in the Operating Partnership Agreement). The remaining 90 of distributions will accrue and will be payable on the Distribution Participation Date based upon the performance level attained and number of performance based LTIP Units that vest. Following the Distribution Participation Date, recipients will be entitled to receive the full amount of distributions and allocations of profits and losses with respect to the vested performance-based LTIP Units, such amount being equivalent to distributions declared and paid on our Class A Shares . 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

() 

Unvested at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested at December 31, 2022 

Holders of performance based restricted stock any rights as a stockholder with respect to the unvested portion of such restricted stock awards. Prior to vesting, shares of performance based restricted stock generally may not be transferred, other than by laws of descent and distribution . Holders of performance based LTIP Units have the same voting rights as holders of common units, voting as a class with each LTIP Unit holder having held. Prior to vesting, performance based LTIP Units generally may not be transferred, other than by laws of descent and distribution . LTIP Units are designed to qualify as profits interests in the Operating Partnership for federal income tax purposes. The profits interests characteristics of the LTIP Units mean that initially they will not be treated as economically equivalent in value to a common unit and the issuance of LTIP Units will not be a taxable event to the Operating Partnership or the recipient. If and when certain events occur pursuant to applicable tax regulations and in accordance with the Operating Partnership Agreement, LTIP Units may become economically equivalent to common units of limited partnership interest of our Operating Partnership on a one-for-one basis. As of December 31, 2022, shares of stock were available for issuance under the Plan. We recorded approximately million, million, and million of equity based compensation expense in general and administrative expense during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. We recorded approximately , , and of equity based compensation expense in property operating expenses, within our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, there was approximately million and million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested equity awards, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, such cost was expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years and years, respectively. 

 F- 56 
 
 SMARTSTOP SELF STORAGE REIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Class A-2 limited partnership units of the Operating Partnership Class A-2 Units ), were issued to SS OP Holdings as consideration. Class A-2 Units could convert into Class A-1 Units as earnout consideration, as described below. The Class A-2 Units were not entitled to cash distributions or the allocation of any profits or losses in the Operating Partnership until the Class A-2 Unit into Class A-1 Units. The conversion features of the Class A-2 Units were as follows: (A) the first time the aggregate incremental assets under management, as amended AUM (as defined in the Operating Partnership Agreement) of the Operating Partnership equals or exceeds , one-third of the Class A-2 Units would automatically convert into Class A-1 Units, (B) the first time the incremental AUM of the Operating Partnership equaled or exceeded , an additional one-third of the Class A-2 Units would automatically convert into Class A-1 Units, and (C) the first time the incremental AUM equals or exceeds , the remaining one-third of the Class A-2 Units would automatically convert into Class A-1 Units (each an Earnout Achievement Date ). On each Earnout Achievement Date, the Class A-2 Units would automatically convert into Class A-1 Units based on an earnout exchange ratio, which is equal to divided by the then current value of our Class A-1 Units, as provided in the Operating Partnership Agreement. On March 24, 2021, we, as the general partner of our Operating Partnership, entered into Amendment No. 3 (the Amendment to the Operating Partnership Agreement, to make certain revisions to Exhibit D (Description of Class A-2 Units) to the Operating Partnership Agreement. The Amendment (i) revised the definition of AUM in connection with the earnout of the Class A-2 Units so that it (A) included assets acquired by us and our affiliates and (B) included of any joint venture assets, rather than a pro rata percentage, and (ii) clarifies that the Class A-2 Units may be transferred after the two-year holding period. On March 24, 2021, Class A-2 Units held by SS OP Holdings, were converted into Class A-1 Units pursuant to the achievement of the first tier of earnout consideration. The fair value of the contingent earnout liability was reduced as the Class A-2 Units were converted into Class A-1 Units in our Operating Partnership and the fair value of such units was reclassified to the noncontrolling interest in our Operating Partnership line in the equity section of our consolidated balance sheet. On October 19, 2021, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of our board of directors and our board of directors approved resolutions providing that the denominator in the calculation of the earnout exchange ratio will be (the value of the Class A common stock at the time of the Self Administration Transaction, pursuant to which the earnout was established) for the subsequent 12 months, until October 19, 2022. Thereafter the denominator in the calculation of the earnout exchange ratio would be as provided in the Operating Partnership Agreement. On March 29, 2022, Class A-2 Units were converted into Class A-1 Units pursuant to the achievement of the second tier of earnout consideration. The fair value of the contingent earnout liability was reduced as the Class A-2 Units were converted into Class A-1 Units in our Operating Partnership and the fair value of such units was reclassified to the noncontrolling interest in our Operating Partnership line in the equity section of our consolidated balance sheet. On August 9, 2022, pursuant to the revised definition of AUM as described above, we reached the incremental assets under management threshold of million, and Class A-2 Units were converted into Class A-1 Units pursuant to the achievement of the third and final tier of earnout consideration. The fair value of the contingent earnout liability was eliminated as the Class A-2 Units were converted into Class A-1 Units in our Operating Partnership and the fair value of such units was reclassified to the noncontrolling interest in our Operating Partnership line in the equity section of our consolidated balance sheet. Distribution Reinvestment Plan We have adopted an amended and restated distribution reinvestment plan (our DRP that allows both our Class A and Class T stockholders to have distributions otherwise distributable to them invested in additional shares of our Class A and Class T Shares, respectively. The purchase price per share pursuant to our DRP is equivalent to the estimated value per share approved by our board of directors and in effect on the date of purchase of shares under the plan. In conjunction with the board of directors declaration of a new estimated value per share of our common stock on December 6, 2022, any shares sold pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan will be sold at our new estimated value per share of per Class A Share and Class T Share . However, as described below, on March 7, 2022, our board of directors approved the suspension of our DRP, effective on April 15, 2022, therefore our last shares issued pursuant to the DRP were on March 15, 2022. Share Redemption Program As described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, we have an SRP, which is fully suspended. Pursuant to the SRP, we may redeem the shares of stock presented for redemption for cash to the extent that such requests comply with the below terms of our SRP and we have sufficient funds available to fund such redemption. Our board of directors may amend, suspend or terminate the SRP with days notice to our stockholders. We may provide this notice by including such information in a Current Report on Form 8-K or in our annual or quarterly reports, all publicly filed with the SEC, or by a separate mailing to our stockholders. On August 20, 2020, our board of directors amended the terms of the SRP to revise the redemption price per share for all redemptions under the SRP to be equal to the most recently published estimated net asset value per share of the applicable share class (the SRP Amendment ). Prior to the SRP Amendment, the redemption amount was the lesser of the amount the stockholders paid for their shares or the price per share in the current offering. On December 6, 2022, we declared a new estimated net asset value per share and the redemption price under our SRP immediately changed to (our current estimated net asset value per share) . There are several limitations in addition to those noted above on our ability to redeem shares under the SRP including, but not limited to: During any calendar year, we will not redeem in excess of of the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the prior calendar year. 

 The cash available for redemption is limited to the proceeds from the sale of shares pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan, less any prior redemptions. 

 We have no obligation to redeem shares if the redemption would violate the restrictions on distributions under Maryland law, which prohibits distributions that would cause a corporation to fail to meet statutory tests of solvency. 

 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we received redemption requests totaling approximately million (approximately million shares). Due to the complete suspension of our SRP we were unable to honor redemption requests made during the year ended December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we received redemption requests totaling approximately million (approximately million shares), approximately million of which were fulfilled during the year ended December 31, 2021, with the remaining approximately million included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities as of December 31, 2021 and fulfilled in January 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we received redemption requests totaling approximately million (approximately million shares), approximately million of which were fulfilled during the year ended December 31, 2020, with the remaining approximately million included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities as of December 31, 2020 and fulfilled in January 2021. As described below, on March 7, 2022, our board of directors approved the complete suspension of our SRP, effective immediately. Suspension of DRP and SRP In connect ion with a review of liquidity alternatives by the Board, on March 7, 2022, the Board approved the full suspension of our DRP and SRP. Under our DRP, the Board may amend, modify, suspend or terminate our plan for any reason upon days written notice to the participants. Consistent with the terms of our DRP, distributions declared by the Board for the month of February 2022, which were paid on or about March 15, 2022, were not affected by this suspension. However, beginning with the distributions declared by the Board for the month of March 2022, which were paid in April 2022, and continuing until such time as the Board may approve the resumption of the DRP, if ever, all distributions declared by the Board will be paid to our stockholders in cash. Prior to the suspension of our SRP, consistent with its terms, all redemption requests received, and not withdrawn, on or prior to the last day of the applicable quarter were processed on the last business day of the month following the end of the quarter in which the redemption requests were received. Accordingly, redemption requests received during the fourth quarter of 2021 were processed on January 31, 2022, and redemption requests received during the first quarter of 2022 ordinarily would have needed to be received on or prior to March 31, 2022 and would have been processed on April 30, 2022. However, the effective date of the aforementioned suspension of our SRP occurred prior to March 31, 2022. Accordingly, any redemption requests received during the year ended December 31, 2022, or any future quarter, will not be processed until the Board approves the resumption of our SRP, if ever. Operating Partnership Redemption Rights Generally, the limited partners of our Operating Partnership, have the right to cause our Operating Partnership to redeem their limited partnership units for cash equal to the value of an equivalent number of our shares, or, at our option, we may purchase their limited partnership units by issuing share of our common stock for each limited partnership unit redeemed. These rights may not be exercised under certain circumstances that could cause us to lose our REIT election. Furthermore, limited partners may exercise their redemption rights only after their limited partnership units have been outstanding for . Additionally, the Class A-1 Units issued in connection with the Self Administration Transaction are subject to the general restrictions on transfer contained in the Operating Partnership Agreement. The Class A-1 Units are otherwise entitled to all rights and duties of the Class A limited partnership units in the Operating Partnership, including cash distributions and the allocation of any profits or losses in the Operating Partnership. Other Contingencies and Commitments We have severance arrangements which cover certain members of our management team; these provide for severance payments upon certain events, including after a change of control. See Note 10 Related Party Transactions related to our debt investments in the Managed REITs for more information about our contingent obligations under these agreements. As of December 31, 2022, pursuant to various contractual relationships, we are required to make other non-cancellable payments in the amounts of approximately million, and million during the years ending December 31, and , respectively. From time to time, we are party to legal, regulatory and other proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, management accrues an estimated liability when those matters present loss contingencies that are both probable and reasonably estimable. In such cases, there may be an exposure to loss in excess of any amounts accrued. We are not aware of any such proceedings of which the outcome is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

 per day per share on the outstanding shares of common stock payable to Class A and Class T stockholders of record of such shares as shown on our books at the close of business on each day of the period commencing on and ending . On January 17, 2023, our board of directors declared a distribution rate for the month of February 2023 of approximately per day per share on the outstanding shares of common stock payable to Class A and Class T stockholders of record of such shares as shown on our books at the close of business on each day of the period commencing on and ending . On February 24, 2023, our board of directors declared a distribution rate for the month of March 2023 of approximately per day per share on the outstanding shares of common stock payable to Class A and Class T stockholders of record of such shares as shown on our books at the close of business on each day of the period commencing on and ending . Such distributions payable to each stockholder of record during a month will be paid the following month. 

units of limited partnership interest in SST VI OP (the Preferred Units for an aggregate of million (the Preferred Investment ). Upon the closing of the Preferred Investment, the Preferred Investor was due an investment fee equal to of the investment amount. per annum from the date of issuance until the second anniversary of the date of issuance, per annum commencing thereafter until the third anniversary of the date of issuance, per annum commencing thereafter until the fourth anniversary of the date of issuance, and per annum thereafter, payable storage acquisition, development, and improvement activities, and working capital or other general partnership purposes. Each Preferred Unit has a liquidation preference of , plus all accumulated and unpaid distributions. The Preferred Units may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at the option of SST VI OP at any time or from time to time following the second anniversary of the initial date of issuance at a price equal to the sum of the Liquidation Amount plus all accumulated and unpaid distributions thereon. Issuance of Equity Awards In February 2023, the compensation committee of our board of directors approved the 2023 executive compensation terms for our executives, which included (1) performance-based equity grants in the form of either, at the election of the executive, restricted stock awards or LTIP Units, and (2) time-based equity grants in the form of either, at the election of the executive, restricted stock awards or LTIP Units. In February 2023 an aggregate of LTIP Units were issued to our executive officers in connection with performance-based equity grants. With respect to performance-based equity grants, the number of LTIP Units granted as of the grant date was equal of the targeted award. These are non-vested grants which shall vest based on ranges from a threshold of to a maximum of of the targeted equity award set for each executive by the compensation committee, with such percentage being determined based upon our ranking as compared to a peer group of publicly traded self storage REITs in terms of the average same-store revenue growth, analyzed over a period. Similarly, in February 2023 an aggregate of LTIP Units were issued to our executive officers in connection with time-based equity grants. These are non-vested grants which shall vest ratably over , with the first tranche vesting on December 31, 2023, subject to the recipient s continued employment through the applicable vesting date. 

F- 60 

Initial Cost to Company 

Gross Carrying Amount at December 31, 2022 

Description 
 
 ST 
 
 Encumbrance 

Land 

Building and Improvements 

Total 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition 

Land 

Building and Improvements 

Total (1) 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Date of Construction 
 
 Date Acquired 

Morrisville 
 
 NC 

(4) 

Cary 
 
 NC 

(4) 

Raleigh 
 
 NC 

(4) 

Myrtle Beach I 
 
 SC 

Myrtle Beach II 
 
 SC 

Whittier 
 
 CA 

La Verne 
 
 CA 

Santa Ana 
 
 CA 

Upland 
 
 CA 

La Habra 
 
 CA 

Monterey Park 
 
 CA 

Huntington Beach 
 
 CA 

Chico 
 
 CA 

Lancaster 
 
 CA 

Riverside 
 
 CA 

Fairfield 
 
 CA 

Lompoc 
 
 CA 

Santa Rosa 
 
 CA 

Vallejo 
 
 CA 

(4) 

Federal Heights 
 
 CO 

Aurora 
 
 CO 

Littleton 
 
 CO 

Bloomingdale 
 
 IL 

Crestwood 
 
 IL 

Forestville 
 
 MD 

Warren I 
 
 MI 

Sterling Heights 
 
 MI 

Troy 
 
 MI 

Warren II 
 
 MI 

Beverly 
 
 NJ 

Everett 
 
 WA 

Foley 
 
 AL 

Tampa 
 
 FL 

Boynton Beach 
 
 FL 

Lancaster II 
 
 CA 

Milton (2) 
 
 ONT 

(4) 

(3) 

Burlington I (2) 
 
 ONT 

(4) 

(3) 

Oakville I (2) 
 
 ONT 

(4) 

(3) 

Oakville II (2) 
 
 ONT 

(4) 

(3) 

Burlington II (2) 
 
 ONT 

(4) 

(3) 

Xenia 
 
 OH 

(4) 

Sidney 
 
 OH 

(4) 

Troy 
 
 OH 

(4) 

Greenville 
 
 OH 

(4) 

Initial Cost to Company 

Gross Carrying Amount at December 31, 2022 

Description 
 
 ST 
 
 Encumbrance 

Land 

Building and Improvements 

Total 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition 

Land 

Building and Improvements 

Total (1) 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Date of Construction 
 
 Date Acquired 

Washington Court House 
 
 OH 

(4) 

Richmond 
 
 IN 

(4) 

Connersville 
 
 IN 

(4) 

Port St. Lucie I 
 
 FL 

(4) 

Sacramento 
 
 CA 

(4) 

Oakland 
 
 CA 

(4) 

Concord 
 
 CA 

(4) 

Pompano Beach 
 
 FL 

Lake Worth 
 
 FL 

Jupiter 
 
 FL 

Royal Palm Beach 
 
 FL 

Port St. Lucie II 
 
 FL 

Wellington 
 
 FL 

(4) 

Doral 
 
 FL 

(4) 

Plantation 
 
 FL 

Naples 
 
 FL 

(4) 

Delray 
 
 FL 

Baltimore 
 
 MD 

(4) 

Sonoma 
 
 CA 

Las Vegas I 
 
 NV 

Las Vegas II 
 
 NV 

Las Vegas III 
 
 NV 

Asheville I 
 
 NC 

(4) 

Asheville II 
 
 NC 

(4) 

Hendersonville I 
 
 NC 

(4) 

Asheville III 
 
 NC 

(4) 

Arden 
 
 NC 

(4) 

Asheville IV 
 
 NC 

(4) 

Asheville V 
 
 NC 

(4) 

Asheville VI 
 
 NC 

(4) 

Asheville VIII 
 
 NC 

(4) 

Hendersonville II 
 
 NC 

(4) 

Asheville VII 
 
 NC 

(4) 

Sweeten Creek Land 
 
 NC 

- 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Highland Center Land 
 
 NC 

- 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

Aurora II 
 
 CO 

(4) 

Dufferin (2) 
 
 ONT 

(4) 

(3) 

Mavis (2) 
 
 ONT 

(4) 

(3) 

Brewster (2) 
 
 ONT 

(4) 

(3) 

Granite (2) 
 
 ONT 

(4) 

(3) 

Centennial (2) 
 
 ONT 

(4) 

(3) 

Ft. Pierce 
 
 FL 

Russell Blvd, Las Vegas II 
 
 NV 

(4) 

Jones Blvd, Las Vegas I 
 
 NV 

(4) 

Airport Rd, Colorado Springs 
 
 CO 

(4) 

Riverside 
 
 CA 

(4) 

Initial Cost to Company 

Gross Carrying Amount at December 31, 2022 

Description 
 
 ST 
 
 Encumbrance 

Land 

Building and Improvements 

Total 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition 

Land 

Building and Improvements 

Total (1) 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Date of Construction 
 
 Date Acquired 

Stockton 
 
 CA 

(4) 

Azusa 
 
 CA 

(4) 

Romeoville 
 
 IL 

(4) 

Elgin 
 
 IL 

(4) 

San Antonio I 
 
 TX 

(4) 

Kingwood 
 
 TX 

(4) 

Aurora III 
 
 CO 

(4) 

Stoney Creek I (2) 
 
 ONT 

(4) 

() 
 (3) 

N/A 

Torbarrie (2) 
 
 ONT 

(4) 

(3) 

Baseline 
 
 AZ 

(4) 

3173 Sweeten Creek Rd, Asheville 
 
 NC 

(4) 

Elk Grove 
 
 IL 

(4) 

Garden Grove 
 
 CA 

(4) 

Deaverview Rd, Asheville 
 
 NC 

(4) 

Highland Center Blvd, Asheville 
 
 NC 

(4) 

Sarasota 
 
 FL 

(4) 

Mount Pleasant 
 
 SC 

(4) 

Nantucket 
 
 MA 

Pembroke Pines 
 
 FL 

(4) 

Riverview 
 
 FL 

(4) 

Eastlake 
 
 CA 

(4) 

McKinney 
 
 TX 

(4) 

Hualapai Way, Las Vegas 
 
 NV 

(4) 

Gilbert 
 
 AZ 

(4) 

Industrial, Jensen Beach 
 
 FL 

Emmett F Lowry Expy, Texas City 
 
 TX 

Van Buren Blvd, Riverside II 
 
 CA 

Las Vegas Blvd, Las Vegas 
 
 NV 

Goodlette Rd, Naples 
 
 FL 

(4) 

Centennial Pkwy, LV II 
 
 NV 

Texas Ave, College Station 
 
 TX 

(4) 

Meridian Ave, Puyallup 
 
 WA 

Westheimer Pkwy, Katy 
 
 TX 

(4) 

FM 1488, The Woodlands II 
 
 TX 

(4) 

Hwy 290, Cypress 
 
 TX 

(4) 

Lake Houston Pkwy, Humble 
 
 TX 

(4) 

Gosling Rd, The Woodlands 
 
 TX 

(4) 

Queenston Blvd, Houston 
 
 TX 

(4) 

Jim Johnson Rd, Plant City 
 
 FL 

Frelinghuysen Ave, Newark 
 
 NJ 

(4) 

Redmond Fall City Rd, Redmond 
 
 WA 

(4) 

Initial Cost to Company 

Gross Carrying Amount at December 31, 2022 

Description 
 
 ST 
 
 Encumbrance 

Land 

Building and Improvements 

Total 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition 

Land 

Building and Improvements 

Total (1) 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Date of Construction 
 
 Date Acquired 

Greenway Rd, Surprise 
 
 AZ 

(4) 

Marshall Farms Rd, Ocoee 
 
 FL 

(4) 

Ardrey Kell Rd, Charlotte 
 
 NC 

(4) 

University City, Charlotte II 
 
 NC 

(4) 

Hydraulic Rd, Charlottesville 
 
 VA 

(4) 

Metcalf St, Escondido 
 
 CA 

(4) 

Tamiami Trail, Punta Gorda 
 
 FL 

(4) 

Iroquois Shore Rd, Oakville III (2) 
 
 ONT 

() 
 (3) 

Van Buren Blvd, Riverside III 
 
 CA 

Alameda Pkwy, Lakewood 
 
 CO 

(4) 

Algonquin Rd, Algonquin 
 
 IL 

(4) 

Pell Cir, Sacramento 
 
 CA 

(4) 

St. Johns Commons Rd, St. Johns 
 
 FL 

(4) 

Mills Station Rd, Sacramento 
 
 CA 

(4) 

Happy Valley Rd, Phoenix 
 
 AZ 

(4) 

West Rd, Houston 
 
 TX 

(4) 

Capitol Dr, Milwaukee 
 
 WI 

(4) 

Bothell Everett, Mill Creek 
 
 WA 

(4) 

12th Ave, Homestead 
 
 FL 

(4) 

16900 State Rd, Lutz 
 
 FL 

(4) 

34th St, St. Petersburg 
 
 FL 

(4) 

Durango, Las Vegas 
 
 NV 

(4) 

93rd Ave SW, Olympia 
 
 WA 

(4) 

Aurora IV 
 
 CO 

Corporate Office 
 
 CA 

(1) 	 (2) 	 (3) 	 (4) 	The equity interest in these wholly-owned subsidiaries that directly own these unencumbered real estate assets comprise the borrowing base of the KeyBank Credit Facility and such equity interests were pledged as of December 31, 2022 for the benefit of the lenders thereunder. Activity in real estate facilities during 2022, 2021, and 2021 was as follows: 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Real estate facilities 

Balance at beginning of year 

Facility acquisitions 

Impact of foreign exchange rate changes 

() 

() 

Improvements and additions 

Other facility acquisitions 

Disposition due to deconsolidation 

() 

Balance at end of year 

Accumulated depreciation 

Balance at beginning of year 

() 

() 

() 

Asset disposals 

Depreciation expense 

() 

() 

() 

Disposition due to deconsolidation 

Impact of foreign exchange rate changes 

() 

Balance at end of year 

() 

() 

() 

Construction in process 

Balance at beginning of year 

Net additions and assets placed into service 

() 

Balance at end of year 

Real estate facilities, net 

S- 7 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated November 10, 2020, by and among SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc., Strategic Storage Trust IV, Inc., and SST IV Merger Sub, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on November 12, 2020, Commission File No. 000-55617 

2.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 24, 2022, by and among SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc., Strategic Storage Growth Trust II, Inc., and SSGT II Merger Sub, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on February 24, 2022, Commission File No. 000-55617 

3.1 
 
 Second Articles of Amendment and Restatement of SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 19, 2019, Commission File No. 000-55617 

3.2 
 
 Articles Supplementary for Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 30, 2019, Commission File No. 000-55617 

3.3 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Second Articles of Amendment and Restatement of SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 23, 2021, Commission File No. 000-55617 

3.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 19, 2019, Commission File No. 000-55617 

4.1 
 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan Enrollment Form (included as Appendix A to prospectus), incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3, filed on November 30, 2016, Commission File No. 333-214848 

4.2 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan (included as Appendix B to prospectus), incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3, filed on November 30, 2016, Commission File No. 333-214848 

4.3 
 
 Description of Securities 

4.4 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated April 19, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 20, 2022, Commission File No. 000-55617 

4.5 
 
 Form of Note, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 20, 2022, Commission File No. 000-55617 

10.1+ 
 
 SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 15, 2022, Commission File No. 000-55617 

10.2+ 
 
 Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Agreement (Executives) 

10.3+ 
 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Agreement (Executives) 

10.4+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (Directors) 

10.5+ 
 
 Form of Time-Based LTIP Unit Agreement (Executives) 

10.6+ 
 
 Form of Performance-Based LTIP Unit Agreement (Executives) 

10.7+ 
 
 Form of LTIP Unit Agreement (Directors) 

10.8 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement, dated June 28, 2019, of Strategic Storage Operating Partnership II, L.P., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 2, 2019, Commission File No. 000-55617 

10.9 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of SmartStop OP, L.P., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 30, 2019, Commission File No. 000-55617 

10.10 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of SmartStop OP, L.P., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 24, 2020, Commission File No. 000-55617 

10.11 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of SmartStop OP, L.P., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 25, 2021, Commission File No. 000-55617 

10.12 
 
 Amendment No. 4 to Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of SmartStop OP, L.P., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 23, 2022, Commission File No. 000-55617 

10.13+ 
 
 SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. Executive Severance and Change of Control Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 26, 2021, Commission File No. 000-55617 

10.14 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Executive Severance and Change of Control Plan of SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 24, 2020, Commission File No. 000-55617 

10.15 
 
 Loan Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on August 3, 2016, Commission File No. 000-55617 

10.16 
 
 KeyBank Guaranty, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2016, Commission File No. 000-55617 

10.17 
 
 Promissory Note A-1, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2016, Commission File No. 000-55617 

10.18 
 
 Promissory Note A-2, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2016, Commission File No. 000-55617 

10.19 
 
 CMBS Loan Agreement, dated January 24, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on January 30, 2019, Commission File No. 000-55617 

10.20 
 
 CMBS Promissory Note A-1, dated January 24, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on January 30, 2019, Commission File No. 000-55617 

10.21 
 
 CMBS Promissory Note A-2, dated January 24, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on January 30, 2019, Commission File No. 000-55617 

10.22 
 
 CMBS Promissory Note A-3, dated January 24, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on January 30, 2019, Commission File No. 000-55617 

10.23 
 
 CMBS Promissory Note A-4, dated January 24, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on January 30, 2019, Commission File No. 000-55617 

10.24 
 
 CMBS Guaranty Agreement, dated January 24, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on January 30, 2019, Commission File No. 000-55617 

10.25 
 
 Contribution Agreement, dated June 28, 2019, by and among Strategic Storage Operating Partnership II, L.P., the Company, SmartStop Asset Management, LLC and SmartStop OP Holdings, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 2, 2019, Commission File No. 000-55617 

10.26 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 28, 2019, by and among the Company, Strategic Storage Operating Partnership II, L.P., SmartStop OP Holdings, LLC, SS Growth Advisor, LLC, Strategic 1031, LLC, SS Toronto REIT Advisors, Inc., San Juan Capital, LLC, and JDW 1998 Trust, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 2, 2019, Commission File No. 000-55617 

10.27 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 19, 2019, Commission File No. 000-55617 

10.28 
 
 Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 29, 2019, by and between SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. and Extra Space Storage LP, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 30, 2019, Commission File No. 000-55617 

10.29 
 
 Investors Rights Agreement, dated as of October 29, 2019, by and between SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. and Extra Space Storage LP, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 30, 2019, Commission File No. 000-55617 

10.30 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated March 17, 2021, among SmartStop OP, L.P., as borrower, KeyBank, National Association, as administrative agent, certain other financial institutions acting as joint book runners, joint lead 

arrangers, syndication agents and documentation agents, and certain lenders party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 17, 2021, Commission File No. 000-55617 

10.31 
 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated October 7, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 7, 2021, Commission File No. 000-55617 

10.32 
 
 Increase Agreement, dated October 7, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 7, 2021, Commission File No. 000-55617 

10.33 
 
 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated April 19, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on December 12, 2022, Commission File No. 333-264449 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

99.1 
 
 Consent of Robert A. Stanger Co., Inc. 

101 
 
 The following SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. financial information for the Year Ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Equity and Temporary Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 
 + Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan. 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Ladera Ranch, State of California, on March 3, 2023. 

SMARTSTOP SELF STORAGE REIT, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ H. Michael Schwartz 

H. Michael Schwartz 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ H. Michael Schwartz H. Michael Schwartz 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 3, 2023 

/s/ James R. Barry James R. Barry 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 March 3, 2023 

/s/ Michael Terjung Michael Terjung 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 3, 2023 

/s/ David J. Mueller David J. Mueller 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 March 3, 2023 

/s/ Harold Skip Perry Harold Skip Perry 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 March 3, 2023 

/s/ Timothy S. Morris Timothy S. Morris 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 March 3, 2023 

/s/ Paula Mathews Paula Mathews 
 
 Director 
 
 March 3, 2023 

<EX-4>
 2
 ck0001585389-ex4_3.htm
 EX-4.3

EX-4 

EXHIBIt 4.3 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities 
 Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the 
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 The following summary of the capital stock of SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our charter, as amended, bylaws, as amended, each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part, and certain provisions of Maryland law. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references to the Company, we, our, and us in this Exhibit refer to SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. 
 Description of Common Stock 
 Our charter authorizes us to issue up to 900,000,000 shares of stock, of which 700,000,000 shares are designated as common stock at 0.001 par value per share and 200,000,000 shares are designated as preferred stock at 0.001 par value per share. Of the 700,000,000 shares of common stock authorized, 350,000,000 shares are classified as Class A shares and 350,000,000 shares are classified as Class T shares. Of the 200,000,000 shares of preferred stock authorized, 200,000 shares are classified and designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock ). Our board of directors, with the approval of a majority of the entire board of directors and without any action by our stockholders, may amend our charter to increase or decrease the aggregate number of our authorized shares or the number of shares of any class or series that we have authority to issue. 
 Our charter also contains a provision permitting our board of directors, with the approval of a majority of the board of directors and without any action by our stockholders, to classify or reclassify any unissued common stock or preferred stock into one or more classes or series by setting or changing the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to distributions or other distributions, qualifications, or terms or conditions of redemption of any new class or series of stock, subject to certain restrictions, including the express terms of any class or series of stock outstanding at the time. 
 Subject to any preferential rights of any other class or series of stock and to the provisions of our charter regarding the restriction on the transfer of common stock, the holders of common stock are entitled to such distributions as may be authorized from time to time by our board of directors out of legally available funds and declared by us and, upon our liquidation, are entitled to receive all assets available for distribution to our stockholders. In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of us, or any liquidating distribution of our assets, then such assets, or the proceeds therefrom, will be distributed between the holders of Class A shares and Class T shares ratably in proportion to the respective net asset value for each class until the net asset value for each class has been paid. We will calculate the estimated net asset value per share as a whole for all Class A shares and Class T shares and then will determine any differences attributable to each class. We expect the estimated net asset value per share of each Class A share and Class T share to be the same, except in the unlikely event that the stockholder servicing fees exceed the amount otherwise available for distribution to holders of Class T shares in a particular period (prior to the deduction of the stockholder servicing fees), in which case the excess will be accrued as a reduction to the estimated net asset value per share of each Class T 
 1 

share, which would result in the net asset value and distributions upon liquidation with respect to Class T shares being lower than the net asset value and distributions upon liquidation with respect to Class A shares. Each holder of shares of a particular class of common stock will be entitled to receive, ratably with each other holder of shares of such class, that portion of such aggregate assets available for distribution as the number of outstanding shares of such class held by such holder bears to the total number of outstanding shares of such class then outstanding. 
 Upon issuance for full payment, all common stock issued will be fully paid and non-assessable. Holders of common stock will not have preemptive rights, which means that they will not have an automatic option to purchase any new shares that we issue, or preference, conversion, exchange, cumulative, sinking fund, redemption or appraisal rights. We may offer a share redemption program relating to shares of our common stock from time to time, but the existence and terms of any such program would be subject to the discretion of our board of directors. Class A shares and Class T shares will vote together as a single class, and each share is entitled to one vote on each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of our stockholders; provided that with respect to any matter that would only have a material adverse effect on the rights of a particular class of common stock, only the holders of such affected class are entitled to vote. 
 Meetings and Special Voting Requirements 
 Subject to our charter restrictions on transfer of our stock, and subject to the express terms of any series of preferred stock, each holder of common stock is entitled at each meeting of stockholders to one vote per share owned by such stockholder on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors. There is no cumulative voting in the election of our board of directors, which means that the holders of a majority of shares of our outstanding common stock can elect all of the directors then standing for election and the holders of the remaining shares of common stock will not be able to elect any directors. A plurality of all votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present is sufficient to elect a director. 
 Under Maryland law, a Maryland corporation generally cannot dissolve or liquidate, amend its charter, remove directors, merge, sell all or substantially all of its assets, engage in a share exchange or engage in similar transactions outside the ordinary course of business, unless approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders holding at least two-thirds of the shares entitled to vote on the matter. However, a Maryland corporation may provide in its charter for approval of these matters by a lesser percentage, but not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Our charter provides for approval of these matters by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast. 
 However, under the MGCL and our charter, the following events do not require stockholder approval: 
 stock exchanges in which we are the successor; 

mergers with or into a 90 or more owned subsidiary, provided that the charter of the successor is not amended and that the contract rights of any stock issued in the merger are identical to those of the stock that was exchanged; 

mergers in which we do not: 

o reclassify or change the terms of any of shares that are outstanding immediately before the effective time of the merger; 

2 

o amend our charter; and 

o result in the issuance of more than 20 of the number of shares of any class or series of shares outstanding immediately before the merger; and 

transfers of less than substantially all of our assets. 

Also, because our operating assets are held by our subsidiaries, these subsidiaries may be able to merge or sell all or substantially all of their assets without the approval of our stockholders; provided, however, the merger or sale of all or substantially all of the operating assets held by our operating partnership will require the approval of our stockholders. 
 Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer 
 In order for us to qualify as a real estate investment trust, or REIT, under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), we must meet the following criteria regarding our stockholders ownership of our shares: 
 five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Code to include certain tax-exempt organizations and trusts) may not own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 in value of our outstanding shares during the last half of a taxable year; and 

100 or more persons must beneficially own our shares during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year. 

We may prohibit certain acquisitions and transfers of shares so as to ensure our initial and continued qualification as a REIT under the Code. However, we cannot assure stockholders that this prohibition will be effective. Because we believe it is essential for us to qualify and continue to qualify as a REIT, our charter provides (subject to certain exceptions) that no stockholder may own, or be deemed to own by virtue of the attribution provisions of the Code, more than 9.8 in value of our outstanding shares of stock or more than 9.8 of the number or value (in either case as determined in good faith by our board of directors) of any class or series of our outstanding shares of common stock. The 9.8 ownership limit must be measured in terms of the more restrictive of value or number of shares. 
 Our board of directors, in its sole discretion, may waive this ownership limit if evidence satisfactory to our board is presented that such ownership will not then or in the future jeopardize our status as a REIT. Also, these restrictions on transferability and ownership will not apply if our directors determine that it is no longer in our best interests to continue to qualify as a REIT. 
 Additionally, our charter further prohibits the transfer or issuance of our stock if such transfer or issuance: 
 with respect to transfers only, results in our common stock being owned by fewer than 100 persons; 

results in our being closely held within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the Code; 

results in our owning, directly or indirectly, more than 9.9 of the ownership interests in any tenant; or 

otherwise results in our disqualification as a REIT. 

3 

Any attempted transfer of our stock which, if effective, would result in our stock being owned by fewer than 100 persons will be null and void. In the event of any attempted transfer of our stock which, if effective, would result in (1) violation of the ownership limit discussed above, (2) in our being closely held under Section 856(h) of the Code, (3) our owning (directly or indirectly) more than 9.9 of the ownership interests in any tenant, or (4) our otherwise failing to qualify as a REIT, then the number of shares causing the violation (rounded to the nearest whole share) will be automatically transferred to one or more trusts for the exclusive benefit of one or more charitable beneficiaries, and the proposed transferee will not acquire any rights in the shares. Such shares held in trust will remain issued and outstanding shares and will be entitled to the same rights and privileges as all other shares of the same class or series. The trustee of the beneficial trust, as holder of the shares, will be entitled to receive all distributions authorized by the board of directors on such securities for the benefit of the charitable beneficiary. Our charter further entitles the trustee of the beneficial trust to vote all shares held in trust. 
 The trustee of the beneficial trust may select a transferee to whom the shares may be sold as long as such sale does not violate the 9.8 ownership limit or the other restrictions on transfer. Upon sale of the shares held in trust, the intended transferee (the transferee of the shares held in trust whose ownership would violate the 9.8 ownership limit or the other restrictions on transfer) will receive from the trustee of the beneficial trust the lesser of such sale proceeds or the price per share the intended transferee paid for the shares (or, in the case of a gift or devise to the intended transferee, the price per share equal to the market value per share on the date of the transfer to the intended transferee). The trustee of the beneficial trust will distribute to the charitable beneficiary any amount the trustee receives in excess of the amount to be paid to the intended transferee. The trustee may reduce the amount payable to the intended transferee by the amount of distributions which have been paid to the intended transferee and are owed by the intended transferee to the trustee. 
 In addition, we have the right to purchase any shares held in trust at the lesser of (1) the price per share paid in the transfer that created the shares held in trust, or (2) the current market price, until the shares held in trust are sold by the trustee of the beneficial trust. We may reduce the amount payable to the intended transferee by the amount of distributions which have been paid to the intended transferee and are owed by the intended transferee to the trustee. An intended transferee must pay, upon demand, to the trustee of the beneficial trust (for the benefit of the beneficial trust) the amount of any distribution we pay to an intended transferee on shares held in trust prior to our discovery that such shares have been transferred in violation of the provisions of our charter. If any legal decision, statute, rule, or regulation deems or declares the transfer restrictions included in our charter to be void or invalid, then we may, at our option, deem the intended transferee of any shares held in trust to have acted as an agent on our behalf in acquiring such shares and to hold such shares on our behalf. 
 Any person who (1) acquires or attempts to acquire shares in violation of the foregoing ownership restriction, transfers or receives shares subject to such limitations, or would have owned shares that resulted in a transfer to a charitable trust, or (2) proposes or attempts any of the transactions in clause (1), is required to give us 15 days written notice prior to such transaction. In both cases, such persons must provide to us such other information as we may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such transfer on our status as a REIT. The foregoing restrictions will continue to apply until our board of directors determines it is no longer in our best interest to continue to qualify as a REIT. 
 The ownership restriction does not apply to the underwriter in a public offering of shares or to a person or persons so exempted from the ownership limit by our board of directors based upon appropriate assurances that our qualification as a REIT is not jeopardized. Any person who owns 5 or more of the outstanding shares during any taxable year will be asked to deliver a statement or affidavit setting forth the number of shares beneficially owned, directly or indirectly. 
 4 

Conversion Upon Listing 
 Our charter provides that, upon the six-month anniversary of the listing of a class of common stock for trading on a national securities exchange or such earlier date as shall be approved by our board of directors, each share of the class or classes of common stock that are not so listed will automatically and without any action on the part of the holder thereof convert into a number of shares of the listed class of common stock equal to a fraction, the numerator of which is the net asset value allocable to the shares of the applicable non-listed class of common stock and the denominator of which is the net asset value allocable to the shares of the listed class of common stock. 
 Distributions 
 Distributions are authorized at the discretion of our board of directors, which are directed, in substantial part, by its obligation to cause us to comply with the REIT requirements of the Code. Our board of directors may increase, decrease, or eliminate the distribution rate that is being paid at any time. The per share amount of distributions on different classes of shares will likely differ because of different allocations of class-specific expenses. Specifically, distributions on Class T shares will likely be lower than distributions on Class A shares because Class T shares are subject to ongoing stockholder servicing fees. We may decide to make stock distributions or to make distributions using a combination of stock and cash, or to fund some or all of our distributions from offering proceeds or from borrowings in anticipation of future cash flow. Because substantially all of our operations will be performed indirectly through our operating partnership, our ability to pay distributions will depend in large part on our operating partnership s ability to pay distributions to its partners, including to us. In the event we do not have enough cash from operations to fund cash distributions, we may borrow, issue additional securities or sell assets in order to fund the distributions. 
 Stockholder Liability 
 The MGCL provides that our stockholders: 
 are not liable personally or individually in any manner whatsoever for any debt, act, omission or obligation incurred by us or our board of directors; and 

are under no obligation to us or our creditors with respect to their shares other than the obligation to pay to us the full amount of the consideration for which their shares were issued. 

Business Combinations 
 Under Maryland law, business combinations between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, share exchange, or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. An interested stockholder is defined as: 
 any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s shares; or 

an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of the then-outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 

5 

A person is not an interested stockholder under the statute if the board of directors approved in advance the transaction by which such person otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. However, in approving a transaction, the board of directors may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms and conditions determined by the board of directors. 
 After the five-year prohibition, any business combination between the Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder generally must be recommended by the board of directors of the corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least: 
 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares voting stock of the corporation; and 

two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. 

These super-majority voting requirements do not apply if the corporation s stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined under Maryland law, for their shares in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. 
 The statute permits various exemptions from its provisions, including business combinations that are exempted by the board of directors before the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. As permitted by the MGCL, our board of directors has by resolution exempted business combinations between us and any person, provided that the business combination is first approved by our board of directors. 
 Control Share Acquisitions 
 With some exceptions, Maryland law provides that control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights except to the extent approved by a vote of stockholders holding two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding control shares : 
 owned by the acquiring person; 

owned by our officers; and 

owned by our employees who are also directors. 

Control shares mean voting shares which, if aggregated with all other voting shares owned by an acquiring person or shares for which the acquiring person can exercise or direct the exercise of voting power, would entitle the acquiring person to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power: 
 one-tenth or more but less than one-third; 

one-third or more but less than a majority; or 

a majority or more of all voting power. 

6 

Control shares do not include shares the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval. A control share acquisition occurs when, subject to some exceptions, a person directly or indirectly acquires ownership or the power to direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy) of issued and outstanding control shares. A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition, upon satisfaction of some specific conditions, including an undertaking to pay expenses, may compel our board of directors to call a special meeting of our stockholders to be held within 50 days of a demand to consider the voting rights of the control shares. If no request for a meeting is made, we may present the question at any stockholders meeting. 
 If voting rights are not approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then, subject to some restrictions and limitations, we may redeem any or all of the control shares (except those for which voting rights have been previously approved) for fair value determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by the acquiror or of any meeting of stockholders at which the voting rights of such shares are considered and not approved. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders meeting and the acquiror becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of such appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquiror in the control share acquisition. The control share acquisition statute does not apply to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation, or share exchange if we are a party to the transaction or to acquisitions approved or exempted by our charter or bylaws. 
 As permitted by the MGCL, our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the control share acquisition statute any and all acquisitions by any person of our common stock. 
 Subtitle 8 
 Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the MGCL permits a Maryland corporation with a class of equity securities registered under the Exchange Act and at least three independent directors to elect to be subject, by provision in its charter or bylaws or a resolution of its board of directors and notwithstanding any contrary provision in the charter or bylaws, to any or all of the following five provisions: 
 a classified board of directors; 

a two-thirds vote requirement for removing a director; 

a requirement that the number of directors be fixed only by vote of the directors; 

a requirement that a vacancy on the board of directors be filled only by the remaining directors and for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred; and 

a majority requirement for the calling of a special meeting of stockholders. 

Our bylaws currently provide that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by the remaining directors and for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which the vacancy occurred. In addition, our charter and bylaws also vest in the board of directors the exclusive power to fix the number of directorships. 
 7 

Advance Notice of Director Nominations and New Business 
 Our bylaws provide that with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of individuals for election to the board of directors and the proposal of business to be considered by stockholders may be made only (1) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (2) by the board of directors, or (3) by a stockholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice procedures of the bylaws. 
 With respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in our notice of the meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to the board of directors at a special meeting may be made only (1) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (2) by the board of directors, or (3) provided that the board of directors has determined that directors will be elected at the meeting, by a stockholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice provisions of the bylaws. 
 Forum for Certain Litigation 
 Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland or, if that Court does not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Baltimore Division, shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any director or officer or other employee of us to us or to our stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer or other employee of us arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL, the charter, or the bylaws, or (d) any action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer or other employee of us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Our charter authorizes our board of directors to designate and issue one or more classes or series of preferred stock without stockholder approval and to fix the voting rights, liquidation preferences, distribution rates, conversion rights, redemption rights and terms, including sinking fund provisions, and certain other rights and preferences with respect to such preferred stock. The issuance of one or more series or classes of preferred stock must be approved by a majority of our board of directors. Because our board of directors has the power to establish the preferences and rights of each class or series of preferred stock, it may afford the holders of any series or class of preferred stock preferences, powers, and rights senior to the rights of holders of common stock. 
 We have issued Series A Preferred Stock that ranks senior to all other shares of our capital stock, including our common stock, with respect to rights to receive dividends and to participate in distributions or payments upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. 
 Additionally, as described in the Articles Supplementary for the Series A Preferred Stock, after certain triggering events, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock have the right to convert any or all of the Series A Preferred Stock held by such holders into common stock. 
 The holders of Series A Preferred Stock are not entitled to vote on any matter submitted to a vote of our stockholders, except that in the event that the dividend for the Series A Preferred Stock has not been paid for at least four quarters (whether or not consecutive), the holders of Series A Preferred Stock have the right to vote together with our stockholders on any matter submitted to a vote of the stockholders, upon which the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and holders of common stock shall vote together as a single class. The number of votes applicable to a share of Series A Preferred Stock will 
 8 

be equal to the number of shares of common stock a share of Series A Preferred Stock could have been converted into as of the record date set for purposes of such stockholder vote. This foregoing limited voting right shall cease when all past dividend periods have been paid in full. In addition, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock is required in certain customary circumstances, as well as other circumstances, such as (i) our real estate portfolio exceeding a leverage ratio of 60 loan-to-value, (ii) entering into certain transactions with the Executive Chairman of the Company as of October 29, 2019, or his affiliates, (iii) effecting a merger (or similar) transaction with an entity whose assets are not at least 80 self storage related and (iv) entering into any line of business other than self storage and ancillary businesses, unless such ancillary business represents revenues of less than 10 of our revenues for our last fiscal year. 
 If we issue additional preferred stock with a distribution preference over common stock, payment of any distribution preferences of outstanding preferred stock would further reduce the amount of funds available for the payment of distributions on the common stock. Further, holders of preferred stock are normally entitled (and holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled) to receive a preference payment in the event we liquidate, dissolve, or wind up before any payment is made to the common stockholders, likely reducing the amount common stockholders would otherwise receive upon such an occurrence. 
 9 

</EX-4>

<EX-10>
 3
 ck0001585389-ex10_2.htm
 EX-10.2

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.2 
 SMARTSTOP SELF STORAGE REIT, INC. 
 TIME-BASED RESTRICTED SHARE AWARD 
 
 	This RESTRICTED SHARE AWARD (the Award is made and entered into as of the [___] day of [___], 20[__], by and between SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. (the Company ), a Maryland corporation, and [_________] (the Participant ). 
 
 	Upon and subject to the Additional Terms and Conditions attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference as part of this Award, the Company hereby awards as of the Grant Date to the Participant the Restricted Shares described below in consideration of the Participant s services to the Company. 
 
 A.	 Grant Date/Effective Date : The grant date of the Restricted Shares shall be [___], 20[__] (the Grant Date and the effective date of the Restricted Shares shall be January 1, 20[__] (the Effective Date ). 
 
 B.	 Restricted Shares : [______] Class A shares of the Company s Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share. 
 
 C.	 Plans (under which Award is granted) : SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan effective as of June 15, 2022 (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ); and the 2020 Executive Compensation Program approved by the Committee on April 20, 2020, which sets forth the framework for cash and equity-based compensation to be received by the Company s executive officers, along with the 2021 executive compensation terms approved by the Committee on April 13, 2021, which contained certain immaterial modifications and supplements to such program and the 2022 executive compensation terms approved by the Committee on February 2, 2022, which contained certain immaterial modifications and supplements to such program (collectively, the Executive Compensation Program ). 
 
 D.	 Vesting : The Restricted Shares shall become vested upon the earlier to occur of (i) a Change of Control or (ii) in accordance with the following schedule: 
 
 	 Percentage of Restricted Shares 
 	 Vesting Date 	 which are Vested Shares 
 
 		December 31, [___]					 25 
 		December 31, [___]					 50 
 December 31, [___]					 75 	 
 December 31, [___]					 100 	 
 		 
 The Restricted Shares which have become vested are herein referred to as the Vested Shares. If the Restricted Shares that become vested include a fraction of a share, such fractional share shall be rounded up or down to the next nearest whole number. 
 
 E.	 Effect of Termination of Service and Change of Control . In the event of (i) the Participant s termination of employment or service with the Company, SmartStop OP, L.P., or SmartStop Storage Advisors, LLC, or any other Affiliate for any reason, or (ii) a Change of Control, the vesting of the Restricted Shares shall be governed by the Executive Severance and Change of Control Plan, as may be amended pursuant to its terms from time to time (the Severance Plan ), as in effect at the time of such termination or Change of Control, or, if no such Severance Plan is in place, the Severance Plan last in effect prior to such termination or Change of Control. 

F.	 Tax Withholding . Participant hereby agrees to make adequate provision for foreign, federal, state and local taxes required by law to be withheld, if any, which arise in connection with the grant of the Restricted Shares. The Company shall have the right to deduct from any compensation or any other payment of any kind due to the Participant (including withholding the issuance or delivery of shares of Restricted Stock or redeeming Restricted Shares) the amount of any federal, state, local or foreign taxes required by law to be withheld as a result of the grant of the Restricted Shares, provided, however, that the value of the shares of Restricted Stock withheld or redeemed may not exceed the statutory minimum withholding amount required by law. In lieu of such deduction, the Company may require the Participant make a cash payment to the Company equal to the amount required to be withheld. If the Participant does not make such payment when requested, the Company may refuse to issue any Restricted Stock certificate under this Award until arrangements satisfactory to the Company for such payment have been made.	 

2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and Participant have signed this Award as of the Grant Date set forth above. 

SMARTSTOP SELF STORAGE REIT, INC. 
 
 	By: 						 							 H. Michael Schwartz, Chief Executive Officer 

[________]	 
 
 3 

ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF 
 SMARTSTOP SELF STORAGE REIT, INC. 
 TIME-BASED RESTRICTED SHARE AWARD 
 
 1.	 Code Section 83(b) Election . The Participant acknowledges that the Participant may not make an election under Section 83(b) of the Code without the Company s consent. Any attempt by the Participant to make an election under Section 83(b) of the Code without the Company s consent will result in the immediate forfeiture of this Award. 
 
 2.	 Issuance of Restricted Shares . 
 
 	(a)	The Company shall issue the Restricted Shares as of the Grant Date in one or more of the manners described below, as determined by the Company, in its sole discretion: 
 
 	(i)	by the issuance of share certificate(s) evidencing Restricted Shares to the Secretary of the Company or such other agent of the Company as may be designated by the Company or the Secretary (the Share Custodian ); or 
 
 (ii)	by documenting the issuance in uncertificated or book entry form on the Company s stock records. 
 
 Evidence of the Restricted Shares either in the form of share certificate(s) or book entry, as the case may be, shall be held by the Share Custodian or the Company, as applicable, until the Restricted Shares become Vested Shares. In the Participant s discretion and subject to the consent of the Company, the Participant may direct that the Company issue the Restricted Shares to a revocable living trust established for the exclusive benefit of the Participant or the Participant and his or her spouse, provided that the Participant shall remain responsible for the satisfaction of all duties and obligations under the Award and under the Plan, including tax obligations. 
 
 (b)	In the event that the Participant forfeits any of the Restricted Shares, the Company shall cancel the issuance on its stock records and, if applicable, the Share Custodian shall promptly deliver the share certificate(s) representing the forfeited shares to the Company. 
 
 (c)	Participant hereby irrevocably appoints the Share Custodian, and any successor thereto, as the true and lawful attorney-in-fact of Participant with full power and authority to execute any stock transfer power or other instrument necessary to transfer any Restricted Shares to the Company in accordance with this Award, in the name, place, and stead of the Participant, by completing an irrevocable stock power in favor of the Share Custodian in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 1 . The term of such appointment shall commence on the Grant Date of this Award and shall continue until the last of the Restricted Shares are delivered to the Participant as Vested Shares or are returned to the Company as forfeited Restricted Shares. 
 
 (d)	In the event the number of shares of Common Stock is increased or reduced as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock or the payment of a stock dividend or any other increase or decrease in the number of shares of Common Stock or other transaction such as a merger, reorganization or other change in the capital structure of the Company, the Participant agrees that any certificate representing shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company issued as a result of any of the foregoing shall be delivered to the Share Custodian or recorded in book entry form, as applicable, and shall be subject to all of the provisions of this Award as if initially granted hereunder. 

3.	 Rights of a Stockholder . Until the stock ledger entry reflecting the Restricted Shares accruing to the Participant upon vesting of the Restricted Shares is made, the Participant shall not have any rights as a stockholder. 
 
 4.	 Dividends . The Participant shall be entitled to dividends or other distributions paid or made on Restricted Shares; provided that the Participant has not forfeited the Restricted Shares prior to the payment date thereof. The payment of such dividends or other distributions shall be (i) calculated based on the Restricted Shares issued commencing on the Effective Date, (ii) in the same form as the applicable dividends or other distributions made on the Class A shares of the Company s Common Stock, and (iii) paid to the Participant within 30 days following the date such dividends or other distributions are paid on the Class A shares of the Company s Common Stock, or if any such dividends or other distributions were paid on the Class A share of the Company s Common Stock prior to the Grant Date, payment to the Participant for such dividends or other distributions shall be made within 30 days following the Grant Date. 
 
 5.	 Restrictions on Transfer of Restricted Shares . 
 
 (a)	Except to the extent approved by the Company, the Participant shall not have the right to make or permit to exist any transfer or hypothecation, whether outright or as security, with or without consideration, voluntary or involuntary, of all or any part of any right, title, or interest in or to any Restricted Shares prior to the date that such Restricted Shares become Vested Shares. After Restricted Shares have become Vested Shares pursuant to this Award, there shall be no restrictions on the transfer of such Vested Shares other than those restrictions imposed by any Applicable Laws. 
 
 (b)	The restrictions contained in this Section will not apply with respect to transfers of the Restricted Shares pursuant to the laws of descent and distribution governing the state in which the Participant is domiciled at the time of the Participant s death; provided that the restrictions contained in this Section will continue to be applicable to the Restricted Shares after any such transfer; and provided further that the transferee(s) of such Restricted Shares must agree in writing to be bound by the provisions of this Award. 
 
 6.	 Changes in Capitalization . 
 
 	(a)	The number of Restricted Shares shall be proportionately adjusted from and after the record date for any nonreciprocal transaction between the Company and the holders of capital stock of the Company that causes the per share value of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Option to change (an Equity Restructuring ), such as a stock dividend, stock split, spinoff, rights offering, or recapitalization through a large, nonrecurring cash dividend. 
 	 
 (b)	In the case of any reclassification or change of outstanding Common Stock issuable upon vesting of the Award, or in the case of any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into another entity (other than a merger in which the Company is the surviving entity and which does not result in any reclassification or change in the then-outstanding Stock) or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another entity of the property of the Company as an entirety or substantially as an entirety, in each case that is not an Equity Restructuring, then, as a condition of such reclassification, change, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance, the Company or such successor or purchasing entity, as the case may be, shall make lawful and adequate provision whereby the Participant shall thereafter have the right, on exercise of the Award, to receive the kind and amount of securities, property and/or cash receivable upon such reclassification, change, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance by a holder of the number of securities issuable upon exercise of the Award immediately before such reclassification, change, consolidation, merger, sale or 
 2 

conveyance. Such provision shall include adjustments that shall be as nearly equivalent as may be practicable to the adjustments provided for in Subsection (a). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if such a transaction occurs, in lieu of causing such rights to be substituted for the Award, the Committee may, upon 20 days prior written notice to the Participant, in its sole discretion: (i) shorten the period during which the Award is exercisable, provided it remains exercisable, to the extent it is otherwise exercisable, for at least 20 days after the date the notice is given, or (ii) cancel the Award upon payment to the Participant in cash, with respect to the Award to the extent then exercisable, of an amount which, in the sole discretion of the Committee, is determined to be equivalent to the amount, if any, by which the Fair Market Value (at the effective time of the transaction) of the consideration that the Participant would have received if the Award had been exercised before the effective time exceeds the Exercise Price. The actions described in this Subsection (b) may be taken without regard to any resulting tax consequences to the Participant. Any determination made by the Committee pursuant to this Subsection (b) will be final and binding on the Participant. Any action taken by the Committee need not treat all Participants under the Plan equally. 
 	 
 (c)	The existence of the Plan and this Award shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Company to make or authorize any adjustment, reclassification, reorganization or other change in its capital or business structure, any merger or consolidation of the Company, any issue of debt or equity securities having preferences or priorities as to the Common Stock or the rights thereof, the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, any sale or transfer of all or any part of its business or assets, or any other corporate act or proceeding. 
 
 7.	 Change of Control . For purposes of this Agreement, Change of Control shall have the meaning set forth in the Executive Severance and Change of Control Plan, as may be amended pursuant to its terms from time to time. 
 
 8.	 Compliance With Laws . The Plan, the granting and vesting of this Award under the Plan, the issuance and delivery of the Restricted Shares, and the payment of money or other consideration allowable under the Plan or this Award are subject to compliance with all applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations (including, but not limited to, state and federal securities laws and federal margin requirements) and to such approvals by any listing, regulatory or governmental authority as may, in the opinion of counsel for the Committee, the Board or the Company, be necessary or advisable in connection therewith. Any securities delivered under the Plan shall be subject to such restrictions, and the person acquiring such securities shall, if requested by the Company, provide such assurances and representations to the Company as the Committee, the Board or the Company may deem necessary or desirable to assure compliance with all applicable legal requirements. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Plan and this Award shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. Nothing in the Plan or in this Award shall require the Company to issue any Stock with respect to the Award if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, that issuance could constitute a violation of any Applicable Laws. As a condition to the grant or exercise of the Award, the Company may require the Participant (or, in the event of the Participant s death, the Participant s legal representatives, heirs, legatees or distributees) to provide written representations concerning the Participant s (or such other person s) intentions with regard to the retention or disposition of the Restricted Shares and written covenants as to the manner of disposal of such Stock as may be necessary or useful to ensure that the grant, exercise or disposition thereof will not violate the Securities Act, any other law or any rule of any applicable securities exchange or securities association then in effect. The Company shall not be required to register any Stock under the Securities Act or register or qualify any Stock under any state or other securities laws. 
 
 9.	 Legend on Stock Certificates .	Certificates evidencing the Restricted Shares, if issued, may have the following legend and statements of other applicable restrictions endorsed thereon: 
 3 

THE SHARES OF STOCK REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE LAWS. THE SHARES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, PLEDGED, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNTIL THE HOLDER HEREOF PROVIDES EVIDENCE SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER (WHICH, IN THE SOLE DISCRETION OF THE ISSUER, MAY INCLUDE AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER) THAT SUCH OFFER, SALE, PLEDGE, TRANSFER OR OTHER DISPOSITION WILL NOT VIOLATE ANY APPLICABLE FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
 
 This legend shall not be required for any shares of Stock issued pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act. Certificates evidencing the Restricted Shares, to the extent appropriate at the time, shall also have noted conspicuously on the certificates a legend intended to give all persons full notice of the existence of any other conditions, restrictions, rights and obligations set forth in this Award and in the Plan. 
 
 Instead of the foregoing legend, the certificate may state that the Company will furnish a full statement about certain restrictions on transferability to a stockholder on request and without charge. Such statement shall also be sent on request and without charge to stockholders who are issued shares without a certificate. 
 			 
 10.	 Governing Laws . This Award shall be construed, administered and enforced according to the laws of the State of Maryland; provided, however, no Restricted Shares shall be issued except, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, in compliance with exemptions under applicable state securities laws of the state in which the Participant resides, and/or any other applicable securities laws. 
 
 11.	 Successors . This Award shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legal representatives, successors, and permitted assigns of the parties. 
 
 12.	 Notice . Except as otherwise specified herein, all notices and other communications under this Award shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given if personally delivered or if sent by registered or certified United States mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the proposed recipient at the last known address of the recipient. Any party may designate any other address to which notices shall be sent by giving notice of the address to the other parties in the same manner as provided herein. 
 
 13.	 Severability . In the event that any one or more of the provisions or portion thereof contained in this Award shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, the same shall not invalidate or otherwise affect any other provisions of this Award, and this Award shall be construed as if the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision or portion thereof had never been contained herein. 
 
 14.	 Entire Agreement . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, this Award expresses the entire understanding and agreement of the parties. This Award may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 15.	 Violation . Except as provided in Section 5, any transfer, pledge, sale, assignment, or hypothecation of the Award or any portion thereof shall be a violation of the terms of this Award and shall be void and without effect. 
 
 4 

16.	 Headings . Paragraph headings used herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not be considered in construing this Award. 
 
 17.	 Specific Performance . In the event of any actual or threatened default in, or breach of, any of the terms, conditions and provisions of this Award, the party or parties who are thereby aggrieved shall have the right to specific performance and injunction in addition to any and all other rights and remedies at law or in equity, and all such rights and remedies shall be cumulative. 
 
 18.	 No Right to Continued Employment . Neither the establishment of the Plan nor the award of Restricted Shares hereunder shall be construed as giving the Participant the right to continued employment with the Company or any Affiliate. 
 
 19.	 Capitalized Terms . As used in this Award, capitalized terms that are not defined herein have the meaning set forth in the Plan, except where the context does not reasonably permit. 

5 

EXHIBIT 1 

IRREVOCABLE STOCK POWER 

The undersigned hereby assigns and transfers to SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. (the Company ), _____________ Class A shares of the Common Stock of the Company registered in the name of the undersigned on the stock transfer records of the Company; and the undersigned does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint 					 , his attorney-in-fact, to transfer the aforesaid shares on the books of the Company, with full power of substitution; and the undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorney-in-fact lawfully shall do by virtue hereof. 

Date: 					 	Signed: 					 
 
 						Print Name: 					 

IN THE PRESENCE OF: 

(Print Name) 

(Signature) 

6 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 4
 ck0001585389-ex10_3.htm
 EX-10.3

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.3 
 SMARTSTOP SELF STORAGE REIT, INC. 
 PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED SHARE AWARD 
 
 	This RESTRICTED SHARE AWARD (the Award is made and entered into as of the [___] day of [___], 20[__], by and between SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. (the Company ), a Maryland corporation, and [_________] (the Participant ). 
 
 	Upon and subject to the Additional Terms and Conditions attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference as part of this Award, the Company hereby awards as of the Grant Date to the Participant the Restricted Shares described below in consideration of the Participant s services to the Company. 
 
 A.	 Grant Date/Effective Date : The grant date of the Restricted Shares shall be [___], 20[__] (the Grant Date and the effective date of the Restricted Shares shall be January 1, 20[__] (the Effective Date ). 
 
 B.	 Restricted Shares : [_______] Class A shares of the Company s Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share (the Target Award ). 
 
 C.	 Plans (under which Award is granted) : SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan effective as of June 15, 2022 (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ); and the 2020 Executive Compensation Program approved by the Committee on April 20, 2020, which sets forth the framework for cash and equity-based compensation to be received by the Company s executive officers, along with the 2021 executive compensation terms approved by the Committee on April 13, 2021, which contained certain immaterial modifications and supplements to such program and the 2022 executive compensation terms approved by the Committee on February 2, 2022, which contained certain immaterial modifications and supplements to such program (collectively, the Executive Compensation Program ). 
 
 D.	 Vesting : The Restricted Shares shall become vested upon a determination by the Committee of the Applicable Percentage of Target Award to be made by the Committee by March 31, [___] (the Determination Date based upon the following vesting schedule: 

Ranking of Company s AASSRG among Peer Companies 
 1 (Highest AASSRG) 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 (Lowest AASSRG) 

Applicable Percentage of Target Award 
 200 
 150 
 100 
 65 
 25 
 0 

Upon such determination by the Committee, the Restricted Shares shall vest and become non-forfeitable with respect to the Applicable Percentage of Target Award set forth in the chart above. Upon a Change of Control during the Performance Period, the Committee shall be permitted to measure Average Annual Same Store Revenue Growth for the Company vs the Peer Companies for a period shorter than the Performance Period prior to the consummation of the Change of Control in the sole discretion of the Committee. In the event that one or more of the Peer Companies ceases to exist as a separate company or fails to report Same Store Revenues during the Performance Period, the Committee may adjust the ranking tiers and/or measure the Average Annual Same Store Revenue Growth for such companies for a period shorter than the Performance Period in its sole discretion. 
 
 For purposes of this Award, the following definitions shall apply: 

Applicable Percentage of Target Award shall mean the percentage of the Target Award of Restricted Shares set forth in the chart above. 
 
 Average Annual Same Store Revenue Growth or AASSRG shall mean the simple average of the Annual Same Store Revenue Growth for the three calendar years of the Performance Period. 
 
 Annual Same Store Revenue Growth shall mean the percentage by which Same Store Revenues for the applicable calendar year exceeds Same Store Revenues for the prior calendar year (which growth may be expressed as a negative percentage). 
 
 Peer Companies shall mean the following companies: Public Storage; Extra Space Storage Inc.; CubeSmart; Life Storage, Inc.; and National Storage Affiliates Trust. 
 
 Performance Period shall mean the period between January 1, [___] and December 31, [___]. 
 
 Same Store Revenue shall mean the same store revenues reported by the Company and the Peer Companies in their respective Securities and Exchange Commission filings or applicable supplemental data contained on the Company s or Peer Companies websites.	 
 	 
 E.	 Additional Vesting Provisions . The Restricted Shares which have become vested are herein referred to as the Vested Shares. If the Restricted Shares that become vested include a fraction of a share, such fractional share shall be rounded up or down to the next nearest whole number. 
 
 F.	 Effect of Termination of Service and Change of Control . In the event of (i) the Participant s termination of employment or service with the Company, SmartStop OP, L.P., or SmartStop Storage Advisors, LLC, or any other Affiliate for any reason, or (ii) a Change of Control, the vesting of the Restricted Shares shall be governed by the Executive Severance and Change of Control Plan, as may be amended pursuant to its terms from time to time (the Severance Plan ), as in effect at the time of such termination or Change of Control, or, if no such Severance Plan is in place, the Severance Plan last in effect prior to such termination or Change of Control. 
 
 G.	 Tax Withholding . Participant hereby agrees to make adequate provision for foreign, federal, state and local taxes required by law to be withheld, if any, which arise in connection with the grant of the Restricted Shares. The Company shall have the right to deduct from any compensation or any other payment of any kind due to the Participant (including withholding the issuance or delivery of shares of Restricted Stock or redeeming Restricted Shares) the amount of any federal, state, local or foreign taxes required by law to be withheld as a result of the grant of the Restricted Shares, provided, however, that the value of the shares of Restricted Stock withheld or redeemed may not exceed the statutory minimum withholding amount required by law. In lieu of such deduction, the Company may require the Participant make a cash payment to the Company equal to the amount required to be withheld. If the Participant does not make such payment when requested, the Company may refuse to issue any Restricted Stock certificate under this Award until arrangements satisfactory to the Company for such payment have been made.	 
 
 2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and Participant have signed this Award as of the Grant Date set forth above. 

SMARTSTOP SELF STORAGE REIT, INC. 
 
 	By: 						 							 H. Michael Schwartz, Chief Executive Officer 

[________]	 
 
 3 

ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF 
 SMARTSTOP SELF STORAGE REIT, INC. 
 PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED SHARE AWARD 
 
 1.	 Code Section 83(b) Election . The Participant acknowledges that the Participant may not make an election under Section 83(b) of the Code without the Company s consent. Any attempt by the Participant to make an election under Section 83(b) of the Code without the Company s consent will result in the immediate forfeiture of this Award. 
 
 2.	 Issuance of Restricted Shares . 
 
 	(a)	The Company shall issue the Restricted Shares as of the Grant Date in one or more of the manners described below, as determined by the Company, in its sole discretion: 
 
 	(i)	by the issuance of share certificate(s) evidencing Restricted Shares to the Secretary of the Company or such other agent of the Company as may be designated by the Company or the Secretary (the Share Custodian ); or 
 
 (ii)	by documenting the issuance in uncertificated or book entry form on the Company s stock records. 
 
 Evidence of the Restricted Shares either in the form of share certificate(s) or book entry, as the case may be, shall be held by the Share Custodian or the Company, as applicable, until the Restricted Shares become Vested Shares. In the Participant s discretion and subject to the consent of the Company, the Participant may direct that the Company issue the Restricted Shares to a revocable living trust established for the exclusive benefit of the Participant or the Participant and his or her spouse, provided that the Participant shall remain responsible for the satisfaction of all duties and obligations under the Award and under the Plan, including tax obligations. 
 
 (b)	In the event that the Participant forfeits any of the Restricted Shares, the Company shall cancel the issuance on its stock records and, if applicable, the Share Custodian shall promptly deliver the share certificate(s) representing the forfeited shares to the Company. 
 
 (c)	Participant hereby irrevocably appoints the Share Custodian, and any successor thereto, as the true and lawful attorney-in-fact of Participant with full power and authority to execute any stock transfer power or other instrument necessary to transfer any Restricted Shares to the Company in accordance with this Award, in the name, place, and stead of the Participant, by completing an irrevocable stock power in favor of the Share Custodian in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 1 . The term of such appointment shall commence on the Grant Date of this Award and shall continue until the last of the Restricted Shares are delivered to the Participant as Vested Shares or are returned to the Company as forfeited Restricted Shares. 
 
 (d)	In the event the number of shares of Common Stock is increased or reduced as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock or the payment of a stock dividend or any other increase or decrease in the number of shares of Common Stock or other transaction such as a merger, reorganization or other change in the capital structure of the Company, the Participant agrees that any certificate representing shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company issued as a result of any of the foregoing shall be delivered to the Share Custodian or recorded in book entry form, as applicable, and shall be subject to all of the provisions of this Award as if initially granted hereunder. 

3.	 Rights of a Stockholder . Until the stock ledger entry reflecting the Restricted Shares accruing to the Participant upon vesting of the Restricted Shares is made, the Participant shall not have any rights as a stockholder. 
 
 4.	 Dividends . The Participant shall be entitled to dividends or other distributions paid or made on Restricted Shares; provided that the Participant has not forfeited the Restricted Shares prior to the payment date thereof. The payment of such dividends or other distributions shall be (i) calculated based on the Restricted Shares issued commencing on the Effective Date, (ii) in the same form as the applicable dividends or other distributions made on the Class A shares of the Company s Common Stock, and (iii) paid to the Participant within 30 days following the date such dividends or other distributions are paid on the Class A shares of the Company s Common Stock, or if any such dividends or other distributions were paid on the Class A share of the Company s Common Stock prior to the Grant Date, payment to the Participant for such dividends or other distributions shall be made within 30 days following the Grant Date. 
 
 5.	 Restrictions on Transfer of Restricted Shares . 
 
 (a)	Except to the extent approved by the Company, the Participant shall not have the right to make or permit to exist any transfer or hypothecation, whether outright or as security, with or without consideration, voluntary or involuntary, of all or any part of any right, title, or interest in or to any Restricted Shares prior to the date that such Restricted Shares become Vested Shares. After Restricted Shares have become Vested Shares pursuant to this Award, there shall be no restrictions on the transfer of such Vested Shares other than those restrictions imposed by any Applicable Laws. 
 
 (b)	The restrictions contained in this Section will not apply with respect to transfers of the Restricted Shares pursuant to the laws of descent and distribution governing the state in which the Participant is domiciled at the time of the Participant s death; provided that the restrictions contained in this Section will continue to be applicable to the Restricted Shares after any such transfer; and provided further that the transferee(s) of such Restricted Shares must agree in writing to be bound by the provisions of this Award. 
 
 6.	 Changes in Capitalization . 
 
 	(a)	The number of Restricted Shares shall be proportionately adjusted from and after the record date for any nonreciprocal transaction between the Company and the holders of capital stock of the Company that causes the per share value of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Option to change (an Equity Restructuring ), such as a stock dividend, stock split, spinoff, rights offering, or recapitalization through a large, nonrecurring cash dividend. 
 	 
 (b)	In the case of any reclassification or change of outstanding Common Stock issuable upon vesting of the Award, or in the case of any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into another entity (other than a merger in which the Company is the surviving entity and which does not result in any reclassification or change in the then-outstanding Stock) or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another entity of the property of the Company as an entirety or substantially as an entirety, in each case that is not an Equity Restructuring, then, as a condition of such reclassification, change, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance, the Company or such successor or purchasing entity, as the case may be, shall make lawful and adequate provision whereby the Participant shall thereafter have the right, on exercise of the Award, to receive the kind and amount of securities, property and/or cash receivable upon such reclassification, change, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance by a holder of the number of securities issuable upon exercise of the Award immediately before such reclassification, change, consolidation, merger, sale or 
 2 

conveyance. Such provision shall include adjustments that shall be as nearly equivalent as may be practicable to the adjustments provided for in Subsection (a). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if such a transaction occurs, in lieu of causing such rights to be substituted for the Award, the Committee may, upon 20 days prior written notice to the Participant, in its sole discretion: (i) shorten the period during which the Award is exercisable, provided it remains exercisable, to the extent it is otherwise exercisable, for at least 20 days after the date the notice is given, or (ii) cancel the Award upon payment to the Participant in cash, with respect to the Award to the extent then exercisable, of an amount which, in the sole discretion of the Committee, is determined to be equivalent to the amount, if any, by which the Fair Market Value (at the effective time of the transaction) of the consideration that the Participant would have received if the Award had been exercised before the effective time exceeds the Exercise Price. The actions described in this Subsection (b) may be taken without regard to any resulting tax consequences to the Participant. Any determination made by the Committee pursuant to this Subsection (b) will be final and binding on the Participant. Any action taken by the Committee need not treat all Participants under the Plan equally. 
 	 
 (c)	The existence of the Plan and this Award shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Company to make or authorize any adjustment, reclassification, reorganization or other change in its capital or business structure, any merger or consolidation of the Company, any issue of debt or equity securities having preferences or priorities as to the Common Stock or the rights thereof, the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, any sale or transfer of all or any part of its business or assets, or any other corporate act or proceeding. 
 
 7.	 Change of Control . For purposes of this Agreement, Change of Control shall have the meaning set forth in the Executive Severance and Change of Control Plan, as may be amended pursuant to its terms from time to time. 
 
 8.	 Compliance With Laws . The Plan, the granting and vesting of this Award under the Plan, the issuance and delivery of the Restricted Shares, and the payment of money or other consideration allowable under the Plan or this Award are subject to compliance with all applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations (including, but not limited to, state and federal securities laws and federal margin requirements) and to such approvals by any listing, regulatory or governmental authority as may, in the opinion of counsel for the Committee, the Board or the Company, be necessary or advisable in connection therewith. Any securities delivered under the Plan shall be subject to such restrictions, and the person acquiring such securities shall, if requested by the Company, provide such assurances and representations to the Company as the Committee, the Board or the Company may deem necessary or desirable to assure compliance with all applicable legal requirements. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Plan and this Award shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. Nothing in the Plan or in this Award shall require the Company to issue any Stock with respect to the Award if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, that issuance could constitute a violation of any Applicable Laws. As a condition to the grant or exercise of the Award, the Company may require the Participant (or, in the event of the Participant s death, the Participant s legal representatives, heirs, legatees or distributees) to provide written representations concerning the Participant s (or such other person s) intentions with regard to the retention or disposition of the Restricted Shares and written covenants as to the manner of disposal of such Stock as may be necessary or useful to ensure that the grant, exercise or disposition thereof will not violate the Securities Act, any other law or any rule of any applicable securities exchange or securities association then in effect. The Company shall not be required to register any Stock under the Securities Act or register or qualify any Stock under any state or other securities laws. 
 
 9.	 Legend on Stock Certificates .	Certificates evidencing the Restricted Shares, if issued, may have the following legend and statements of other applicable restrictions endorsed thereon: 
 3 

THE SHARES OF STOCK REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE LAWS. THE SHARES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, PLEDGED, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNTIL THE HOLDER HEREOF PROVIDES EVIDENCE SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER (WHICH, IN THE SOLE DISCRETION OF THE ISSUER, MAY INCLUDE AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER) THAT SUCH OFFER, SALE, PLEDGE, TRANSFER OR OTHER DISPOSITION WILL NOT VIOLATE ANY APPLICABLE FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
 
 This legend shall not be required for any shares of Stock issued pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act. Certificates evidencing the Restricted Shares, to the extent appropriate at the time, shall also have noted conspicuously on the certificates a legend intended to give all persons full notice of the existence of any other conditions, restrictions, rights and obligations set forth in this Award and in the Plan. 
 
 Instead of the foregoing legend, the certificate may state that the Company will furnish a full statement about certain restrictions on transferability to a stockholder on request and without charge. Such statement shall also be sent on request and without charge to stockholders who are issued shares without a certificate. 
 			 
 10.	 Governing Laws . This Award shall be construed, administered and enforced according to the laws of the State of Maryland; provided, however, no Restricted Shares shall be issued except, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, in compliance with exemptions under applicable state securities laws of the state in which the Participant resides, and/or any other applicable securities laws. 
 
 11.	 Successors . This Award shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legal representatives, successors, and permitted assigns of the parties. 
 
 12.	 Notice . Except as otherwise specified herein, all notices and other communications under this Award shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given if personally delivered or if sent by registered or certified United States mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the proposed recipient at the last known address of the recipient. Any party may designate any other address to which notices shall be sent by giving notice of the address to the other parties in the same manner as provided herein. 
 
 13.	 Severability . In the event that any one or more of the provisions or portion thereof contained in this Award shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, the same shall not invalidate or otherwise affect any other provisions of this Award, and this Award shall be construed as if the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision or portion thereof had never been contained herein. 
 
 14.	 Entire Agreement . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, this Award expresses the entire understanding and agreement of the parties. This Award may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 15.	 Violation . Except as provided in Section 5, any transfer, pledge, sale, assignment, or hypothecation of the Award or any portion thereof shall be a violation of the terms of this Award and shall be void and without effect. 
 
 4 

16.	 Headings . Paragraph headings used herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not be considered in construing this Award. 
 
 17.	 Specific Performance . In the event of any actual or threatened default in, or breach of, any of the terms, conditions and provisions of this Award, the party or parties who are thereby aggrieved shall have the right to specific performance and injunction in addition to any and all other rights and remedies at law or in equity, and all such rights and remedies shall be cumulative. 
 
 18.	 No Right to Continued Employment . Neither the establishment of the Plan nor the award of Restricted Shares hereunder shall be construed as giving the Participant the right to continued employment with the Company or any Affiliate. 
 
 19.	 Capitalized Terms . As used in this Award, capitalized terms that are not defined herein have the meaning set forth in the Plan, except where the context does not reasonably permit. 

5 

EXHIBIT 1 

IRREVOCABLE STOCK POWER 

The undersigned hereby assigns and transfers to SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. (the Company ), _____________ Class A shares of the Common Stock of the Company registered in the name of the undersigned on the stock transfer records of the Company; and the undersigned does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint 					 , his attorney-in-fact, to transfer the aforesaid shares on the books of the Company, with full power of substitution; and the undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorney-in-fact lawfully shall do by virtue hereof. 

Date: 					 	Signed: 					 
 
 						Print Name: 					 

IN THE PRESENCE OF: 

(Print Name) 

(Signature) 

6 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 5
 ck0001585389-ex10_4.htm
 EX-10.4

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.4 
 SMARTSTOP SELF STORAGE REIT, INC. 
 RESTRICTED SHARE AWARD 
 
 	This RESTRICTED SHARE AWARD (the Award is made and entered into as of the [__] day of [__], 20[__], by and between SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. (the Company ), a Maryland corporation, and [________] (the Participant ). 
 
 	Upon and subject to the Additional Terms and Conditions attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference as part of this Award, the Company hereby awards as of the Grant Date to the Participant the Restricted Shares described below in consideration of the Participant s services to the Company. 
 
 A.	 Grant Date : [________] 
 
 B.	 Restricted Shares : [___] [Class A] shares of the Company s Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share. 
 
 C.	 Plan (under which Award is granted) : SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ). 
 
 D.	 Vesting : The Restricted Shares shall become vested upon the earlier to occur of (i) a Change in Control or (ii) the date that is one-year from the Grant Date. 
 
 The Restricted Shares which have become vested are herein referred to as the Vested Shares. If the Restricted Shares that become vested include a fraction of a share, such fractional share shall be rounded up or down to the next nearest whole number. 
 
 No credit will be given for completion of a partial year of service and no period of time following a Participant s service as a Director shall count towards the vesting of Restricted Shares. Any portion of the Restricted Shares which have not become Vested Shares in accordance with this provision before or at the time of a Participant ceasing to be a Director of the Company shall be forfeited. 
 
 [THE FOLLOWING PROVISION E. IS FOR NON-U.S. DIRECTORS OR THOSE WHO HAVE TAX WITHOLDING] 
 
 E.	 Tax Withholding . Participant hereby agrees to make adequate provision for foreign, federal, state and local taxes required by law to be withheld, if any, which arise in connection with the grant of the Restricted Shares. The Company shall have the right to deduct from any compensation or any other payment of any kind due to the Participant (including withholding the issuance or delivery of shares of Restricted Stock or redeeming Restricted Shares) the amount of any federal, state, local or foreign taxes required by law to be withheld as a result of the grant of the Restricted Shares, provided, however, that the value of the shares of Restricted Stock withheld or redeemed may not exceed the statutory minimum withholding amount required by law. In lieu of such deduction, the Company may require the Participant make a cash payment to the Company equal to the amount required to be withheld. If the Participant does not make such payment when requested, the Company may refuse to issue any Restricted Stock certificate under this Award until arrangements satisfactory to the Company for such payment have been made. 

1 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and Participant have signed this Award as of the Grant Date set forth above. 
 
 	SMARTSTOP SELF STORAGE REIT, INC. 

By: 						 	 					 
 		H. Michael Schwartz, CEO				[________] 
 
 2 

ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF 
 SMARTSTOP SELF STORAGE REIT, INC. 
 RESTRICTED SHARE AWARD 
 
 1.	 Code Section 83(b) Election . The Participant acknowledges that the Participant may not make an election under Section 83(b) of the Code without the Company s consent. Any attempt by the Participant to make an election under Section 83(b) of the Code without the Company s consent will result in the immediate forfeiture of this Award. 
 
 2.	 Issuance of Restricted Shares . 
 
 (a)	The Company shall issue the Restricted Shares as of the Grant Date in one or more of the manners described below, as determined by the Company, in its sole discretion: 
 
 	(i)	by the issuance of share certificate(s) evidencing Restricted Shares to the Secretary of the Company or such other agent of the Company as may be designated by the Company or the Secretary (the Share Custodian ); or 
 
 (ii)	by documenting the issuance in uncertificated or book entry form on the Company s stock records. 
 
 Evidence of the Restricted Shares either in the form of share certificate(s) or book entry, as the case may be, shall be held by the Share Custodian or the Company, as applicable, until the Restricted Shares become Vested Shares. In the Participant s discretion and subject to the consent of the Company, the Participant may direct that the Company issue the Restricted Shares to a revocable living trust established for the exclusive benefit of the Participant or the Participant and his or her spouse, provided that the Participant shall remain responsible for the satisfaction of all duties and obligations under the Award and under the Plan, including tax obligations. 
 
 (b)	In the event that the Participant forfeits any of the Restricted Shares, the Company shall cancel the issuance on its stock records and, if applicable, the Share Custodian shall promptly deliver the share certificate(s) representing the forfeited shares to the Company. 
 
 (c)	Participant hereby irrevocably appoints the Share Custodian, and any successor thereto, as the true and lawful attorney-in-fact of Participant with full power and authority to execute any stock transfer power or other instrument necessary to transfer any Restricted Shares to the Company in accordance with this Award, in the name, place, and stead of the Participant, by completing an irrevocable stock power in favor of the Share Custodian in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 1 . The term of such appointment shall commence on the Grant Date of this Award and shall continue until the last of the Restricted Shares are delivered to the Participant as Vested Shares or are returned to the Company as forfeited Restricted Shares. 
 
 (d)	In the event the number of shares of Common Stock is increased or reduced as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock or the payment of a stock dividend or any other increase or decrease in the number of shares of Common Stock or other transaction such as a merger, reorganization or other change in the capital structure of the Company, the Participant agrees that any certificate representing shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company issued as a result of any of the foregoing shall be delivered to the Share Custodian or recorded in book entry form, as applicable, and shall be subject to all of the provisions of this Award as if initially granted hereunder. 

3.	 Rights of a Stockholder . Until the stock ledger entry reflecting the Restricted Shares accruing to the Participant upon vesting of the Restricted Shares is made, the Participant shall not have any rights as a stockholder. 
 
 4.	 Dividends . The Participant shall be entitled to dividends or other distributions paid or made on Restricted Shares; provided that the Participant has not forfeited the Restricted Shares prior to the payment date thereof. The payment of such dividends or other distributions shall be (i) calculated based on the Restricted Shares issued commencing on the Grant Date, (ii) in the same form as the applicable dividends or other distributions made on the [Class A] shares of the Company s Common Stock, and (iii) paid to the Participant within 30 days following the date such dividends or other distributions are paid on the Class A shares of the Company s Common Stock. 
 
 5.	 Restrictions on Transfer of Restricted Shares . 
 
 (a)	Except to the extent approved by the Company, the Participant shall not have the right to make or permit to exist any transfer or hypothecation, whether outright or as security, with or without consideration, voluntary or involuntary, of all or any part of any right, title, or interest in or to any Restricted Shares prior to the date that such Restricted Shares become Vested Shares. After Restricted Shares have become Vested Shares pursuant to this Award, there shall be no restrictions on the transfer of such Vested Shares other than those restrictions imposed by any Applicable Laws. 
 
 (b)	The restrictions contained in this Section will not apply with respect to transfers of the Restricted Shares pursuant to the laws of descent and distribution governing the state in which the Participant is domiciled at the time of the Participant s death; provided that the restrictions contained in this Section will continue to be applicable to the Restricted Shares after any such transfer; and provided further that the transferee(s) of such Restricted Shares must agree in writing to be bound by the provisions of this Award. 
 
 6.	 Changes in Capitalization . 
 
 	(a)	The number of Restricted Shares shall be proportionately adjusted from and after the record date for any nonreciprocal transaction between the Company and the holders of capital stock of the Company that causes the per share value of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Option to change (an Equity Restructuring ), such as a stock dividend, stock split, spinoff, rights offering, or recapitalization through a large, nonrecurring cash dividend. 
 	 
 (b)	In the case of any reclassification or change of outstanding Common Stock issuable upon vesting of the Award, or in the case of any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into another entity (other than a merger in which the Company is the surviving entity and which does not result in any reclassification or change in the then-outstanding Stock) or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another entity of the property of the Company as an entirety or substantially as an entirety, in each case that is not an Equity Restructuring, then, as a condition of such reclassification, change, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance, the Company or such successor or purchasing entity, as the case may be, shall make lawful and adequate provision whereby the Participant shall thereafter have the right, on exercise of the Award, to receive the kind and amount of securities, property and/or cash receivable upon such reclassification, change, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance by a holder of the number of securities issuable upon exercise of the Award immediately before such reclassification, change, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance. Such provision shall include adjustments that shall be as nearly equivalent as may be practicable to the adjustments provided for in Subsection (a). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if 
 2 

such a transaction occurs, in lieu of causing such rights to be substituted for the Award, the Committee may, upon 20 days prior written notice to the Participant, in its sole discretion: (i) shorten the period during which the Award is exercisable, provided it remains exercisable, to the extent it is otherwise exercisable, for at least 20 days after the date the notice is given, or (ii) cancel the Award upon payment to the Participant in cash, with respect to the Award to the extent then exercisable, of an amount which, in the sole discretion of the Committee, is determined to be equivalent to the amount, if any, by which the Fair Market Value (at the effective time of the transaction) of the consideration that the Participant would have received if the Award had been exercised before the effective time exceeds the Exercise Price. The actions described in this Subsection (b) may be taken without regard to any resulting tax consequences to the Participant. Any determination made by the Committee pursuant to this Subsection (b) will be final and binding on the Participant. Any action taken by the Committee need not treat all Participants under the Plan equally. 
 	 
 (c)	The existence of the Plan and this Award shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Company to make or authorize any adjustment, reclassification, reorganization or other change in its capital or business structure, any merger or consolidation of the Company, any issue of debt or equity securities having preferences or priorities as to the Common Stock or the rights thereof, the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, any sale or transfer of all or any part of its business or assets, or any other corporate act or proceeding. 
 
 	7.	 Change in Control . For purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control means the first to occur of any of the following events: 
 
 	(a)	the date any one person, or more than one person acting as a group, acquires the stock of the Company that, together with stock held by such person or group, constitutes more than 50 percent of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of the Company. However, if any one person, or more than one person acting as a group, is considered to own more than 50 percent of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of the Company (or such higher percentage specified in accordance with the preceding sentence), the acquisition of additional stock by the same person or persons is not considered to cause a change in the ownership of the Company (or to cause a change in the effective control of the Company). An increase in the percentage of stock owned by any one person, or persons acting as a group, as a result of a transaction in which the Company acquires its stock in exchange for property will be treated as an acquisition of stock for purposes of this section; 
 
 	(b)	the date any one person, or more than one person acting as a group, acquires during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons, ownership of stock of the Company possessing 50 percent or more of the total voting power of the stock of the Company; 
 
 	(c)	the date a majority of members of the Company's Board of Directors is replaced during any 12-month period by Directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors before the date of the appointment or election; or 
 
 	(d)	the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group acquires (or has acquired during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than 40 percent of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately before such acquisition or acquisitions. For this purpose, gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the Company, or the value of the assets being disposed of, 
 3 

determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets. There is no change in control event under this paragraph when there is a transfer to an entity that is controlled by the shareholders of the transferring corporation immediately after the transfer. 
 
 8.	 Compliance With Laws . The Plan, the granting and vesting of this Award under the Plan, the issuance and delivery of the Restricted Shares, and the payment of money or other consideration allowable under the Plan or this Award are subject to compliance with all applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations (including, but not limited to, state and federal securities laws and federal margin requirements) and to such approvals by any listing, regulatory or governmental authority as may, in the opinion of counsel for the Committee, the Board or the Company, be necessary or advisable in connection therewith. Any securities delivered under the Plan shall be subject to such restrictions, and the person acquiring such securities shall, if requested by the Company, provide such assurances and representations to the Company as the Committee, the Board or the Company may deem necessary or desirable to assure compliance with all applicable legal requirements. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Plan and this Award shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. Nothing in the Plan or in this Award shall require the Company to issue any Stock with respect to the Award if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, that issuance could constitute a violation of any Applicable Laws. As a condition to the grant or exercise of the Award, the Company may require the Participant (or, in the event of the Participant s death, the Participant s legal representatives, heirs, legatees or distributees) to provide written representations concerning the Participant s (or such other person s) intentions with regard to the retention or disposition of the Restricted Shares and written covenants as to the manner of disposal of such Stock as may be necessary or useful to ensure that the grant, exercise or disposition thereof will not violate the Securities Act, any other law or any rule of any applicable securities exchange or securities association then in effect. The Company shall not be required to register any Stock under the Securities Act or register or qualify any Stock under any state or other securities laws. 
 
 9.	 Legend on Stock Certificates .	Certificates evidencing the Restricted Shares, if issued, may have the following legend and statements of other applicable restrictions endorsed thereon: 
 
 THE SHARES OF STOCK REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE LAWS. THE SHARES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, PLEDGED, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNTIL THE HOLDER HEREOF PROVIDES EVIDENCE SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER (WHICH, IN THE SOLE DISCRETION OF THE ISSUER, MAY INCLUDE AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER) THAT SUCH OFFER, SALE, PLEDGE, TRANSFER OR OTHER DISPOSITION WILL NOT VIOLATE ANY APPLICABLE FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
 
 	This legend shall not be required for any shares of Stock issued pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act. Certificates evidencing the Restricted Shares, to the extent appropriate at the time, shall also have noted conspicuously on the certificates a legend intended to give all persons full notice of the existence of any other conditions, restrictions, rights and obligations set forth in this Award and in the Plan . 
 
 Instead of the foregoing legend, the certificate may state that the Company will furnish a full statement about certain restrictions on transferability to a stockholder on request and without charge. Such statement shall also be sent on request and without charge to stockholders who are issued shares without a certificate. 
 
 10.	 Governing Laws . This Award shall be construed, administered and enforced according to the laws of the State of Maryland; provided, however, no Restricted Shares shall be issued except, in the 
 4 

reasonable judgment of the Company, in compliance with exemptions under applicable state securities laws of the state in which the Participant resides, and/or any other applicable securities laws. 
 
 11.	 Successors . This Award shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legal representatives, successors, and permitted assigns of the parties. 
 
 12.	 Notice . Except as otherwise specified herein, all notices and other communications under this Award shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given if personally delivered or if sent by registered or certified United States mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the proposed recipient at the last known address of the recipient. Any party may designate any other address to which notices shall be sent by giving notice of the address to the other parties in the same manner as provided herein. 
 
 13.	 Severability . In the event that any one or more of the provisions or portions thereof contained in this Award shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, the same shall not invalidate or otherwise affect any other provisions of this Award, and this Award shall be construed as if the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision or portion thereof had never been contained herein. 
 
 14.	 Entire Agreement . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, this Award expresses the entire understanding and agreement of the parties. This Award may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 15.	 Violation . Except as provided in Section 5, any transfer, pledge, sale, assignment, or hypothecation of the Award or any portion thereof shall be a violation of the terms of this Award and shall be void and without effect. 
 
 16.	 Headings . Paragraph headings used herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not be considered in construing this Award. 
 
 17.	 Specific Performance . In the event of any actual or threatened default in, or breach of, any of the terms, conditions and provisions of this Award, the party or parties who are thereby aggrieved shall have the right to specific performance and injunction in addition to any and all other rights and remedies at law or in equity, and all such rights and remedies shall be cumulative. 
 
 18.	 No Right to Continued Service . Neither the establishment of the Plan nor the award of Restricted Shares hereunder shall be construed as giving the Participant the right to continue as a Director or in any other capacity with the Company. 
 
 19.	 Capitalized Terms . As used in this Award, capitalized terms that are not defined herein have the meaning set forth in the Plan, except where the context does not reasonably permit. 

5 

EXHIBIT 1 

IRREVOCABLE STOCK POWER 

The undersigned hereby assigns and transfers to SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. (the Company ), ________ [Class A] shares of the Common Stock of the Company registered in the name of the undersigned on the stock transfer records of the Company; and the undersigned does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint 	 			 , his attorney-in-fact, to transfer the aforesaid shares on the books of the Company, with full power of substitution; and the undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorney-in-fact lawfully shall do by virtue hereof. 

Date: 					 	Signed: 					 
 
 						Print Name: 					 

IN THE PRESENCE OF: 

(Print Name) 

(Signature) 

6 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 6
 ck0001585389-ex10_5.htm
 EX-10.5

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.5 
 SMARTSTOP SELF STORAGE REIT, INC. 
 AND SMARTSTOP OP, L.P. 
 TIME-BASED LTIP UNIT AGREEMENT 
 
 This Time Based LTIP Unit Agreement (this Agreement ), dated as of [_______], (the Grant Date and effective as of [______] (the Effective Date ), is made by and between SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), SmartStop OP, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership and [________] (the Participant ); 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company maintains the SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan, effective as of June 15, 2022 (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ); 
 
 WHEREAS, Section 11 of the Plan allows the grant of LTIP Unit Awards to employees of the Company, the Partnership, SmartStop Storage Advisors, LLC SmartStop Advisors or any other Affiliate for the performance of services to or for the benefit of the Partnership; 
 
 WHEREAS , on April 20, 2020, the Committee approved the 2020 Executive Compensation Program, which sets forth the framework for cash and equity-based compensation to be received by the Company s executive officers, on April 13, 2021, the Committee approved the 2021 executive compensation terms which contained certain immaterial modifications and supplements to such program, and on February 2, 2022, the Committee approved the 2022 executive compensation terms which contained certain additional immaterial modifications and supplements to such program (collectively, the Executive Compensation Program ); and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Committee has determined that it would be to the advantage and in the best interest of the Company and its Affiliates to cause time based LTIP Units to be issued to the Participant under the Plan and the Executive Compensation Program, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein (the Award ). 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto do hereby agree as follows: 
 
 1. Issuance of LTIP Units . The Participant shall be issued, by the Partnership, a total of [INSERT NUMBER] LTIP Units, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, in the Plan and in the Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of SmartStop OP, L.P., effective as of June 28, 2019, as amended by Amendment No. 1, effective as of October 29, 2019, Amendment No. 2, effective as of January 1, 2020, Amendment No. 3 effective as of March 24, 2021, and Amendment No. 4 effective as of January 1, 2020, and as may be subsequently amended (the Partnership Agreement ). Upon receipt of the Award, the Participant shall, automatically and without further action on his or her part, be deemed to be a party to, signatory of and bound by the Partnership Agreement. At the request of the Partnership, the Participant shall execute the Partnership Agreement or a joinder or counterpart signature page thereto. The Participant acknowledges that the Partnership may from time to time issue or cancel (or otherwise modify) LTIP Units and/or other equity interests in accordance with the terms of the Partnership Agreement. The Award shall have the rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption and conversion set forth herein, in the Plan and in the Partnership Agreement. 
 
 In the Participant s discretion and subject to the consent of the General Partner, the Participant may direct that the Company issue the LTIP Units to a revocable living trust established for the exclusive 

benefit of the Participant or the Participant and his or her spouse, provided that the Participant shall remain responsible for the satisfaction of all duties and obligations under the Award and under the Plan, including tax obligations. 
 
 2. Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below. All capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Plan and/or the Partnership Agreement, as applicable. 
 
 (a) Cause means Cause as defined in the Severance Plan. 

(b) Change of Control means Change of Control as defined in the Severance Plan. 

(c) Good Reason means Good Reason as defined in the Severance Plan. 

(d) Restrictions means the exposure to forfeiture set forth in Sections 4(a) and 5(b) below and the restrictions on sale or other transfer set forth in Section 3(b) below. 

(e) Severance Plan means that certain Executive Severance and Change of Control Plan issued by the Company, effective as of June 27, 2019, as the same may be amended from time to time, and pursuant to which the Participant has been issued by the Company an Executive Severance Plan Letter. 

(f) Subsidiary means any entity of which the majority of its equity interests are owned by the Company, the Partnership, or SmartStop Advisors, or a combination thereof. 

3. LTIP Units Subject to Partnership Agreement; Transfer Restrictions . 
 
 (a) LTIP Units are subject to the terms of the Plan, this Agreement and the Partnership Agreement, including, without limitation, the restrictions on transfer of Units (including, without limitation, LTIP Units) set forth therein. 
 
 (b) Except as otherwise provided in Section 3(c) below, without the consent of the General Partner (which it may give or withhold in its sole discretion), the Participant shall not sell, pledge, assign, hypothecate, transfer, or otherwise dispose of (collectively, Transfer any unvested LTIP Units or any portion of the Award attributable to such unvested LTIP Units (or any securities into which such unvested LTIP Units are converted or exchanged), other than by will or pursuant to the laws of descent and distribution (the Transfer Restrictions ); provided, however, that (i) the Participant may direct that the Company issue the LTIP Units to a revocable living trust as described in Section 1 above and (ii) the Transfer Restrictions shall not apply to any Transfer of unvested LTIP Units or Award to the Partnership or the Company. 
 
 (c) Any permitted transferee of the Award or LTIP Units shall take such Award or LTIP Units subject to the terms of the Plan, this Agreement, and the Partnership Agreement. Any such permitted transferee must, upon the request of the Partnership, execute a joinder or counterpart signature page to the Partnership Agreement, and must agree to such other waivers, limitations, and restrictions as the Partnership or the Company may reasonably require. Any Transfer of the Award or LTIP Units which is not made in compliance with the Plan, the Partnership Agreement and this Agreement shall be null and void and of no effect ab initio. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, without the consent of the General Partner (which it may give or withhold in its sole discretion), other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, the Participant shall not Transfer the LTIP Units, including by means of a redemption of such LTIP Units by the Partnership, until the earlier of (i) the occurrence of, and in 

connection with, a Change of Control (or such earlier time as is necessary in order for the Participant to participate in such Change of Control transaction with respect to the LTIP Units and receive the consideration payable with respect thereto in connection with such Change of Control) or (ii) the date such LTIP Units become vested. 
 
 (d) At least two weeks prior (the Notice Period to any proposed Transfer of vested or unvested LTIP Units, the Participant shall provide the Company with written notice of such proposed Transfer. Such notice of a proposed Transfer may be withdrawn at any time prior to expiration of the Notice Period. 
 
 4. Vesting . 
 
 (a) Time Vesting . Subject to Sections 4(b) and 5 hereof, the Restrictions shall lapse and the LTIP Units shall vest and become nonforfeitable with respect to 25 of the LTIP Units on each of December 31, 20[__], December 31, 20[__], December 31, 20[__] and December 31, 20[__], subject to the Participant s continued employment or service with the Company, the Partnership, SmartStop Advisors or any other Affiliate through the applicable vesting date. 
 
 (b) Change of Control . In the event of a Change of Control, the vesting of the LTIP Units shall be governed by the Severance Plan, as in effect at the time of such Change of Control, or, if no such Severance Plan is in place, the Severance Plan last in effect prior to such Change of Control. 
 
 5. Effect of Termination of Service . In the event of the Participant s termination of employment or service with the Company, the Partnership, SmartStop Advisors, or any other Affiliate for any reason, the vesting of the LTIP Units, if any, shall be governed by the Severance Plan as in effect at the time of such termination, or, if no such Severance Plan is then in place, the Severance Plan last in effect prior to such termination. 
 
 6. Distributions and Allocations of Profits and Losses . 
 
 (a) The Participant shall be entitled to receive distributions and allocations of Profits and Losses with respect to the LTIP Units to the extent provided for in the Partnership Agreement, as modified hereby. 
 
 (b) The Distribution Participation Date (as defined in the Partnership Agreement) with respect to the LTIP Units issued hereunder shall be the Effective Date. 
 
 (c) All distributions paid with respect to the LTIP Units issued hereunder shall be fully vested and non-forfeitable when paid, whether or not the underlying LTIP Units have become vested pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 7. Execution and Return of Documents and Certificates . At the Company s or the Partnership s request, the Participant hereby agrees to promptly execute, deliver and return to the Partnership any and all documents or certificates that the Company or the Partnership deems necessary or desirable to effectuate the cancellation and forfeiture of the unvested LTIP Units (pursuant to the Restrictions) and the portion of the Award attributable thereto, and/or to effectuate the transfer or surrender of such unvested LTIP Units to the Partnership. 
 
 8. Covenants, Representations and Warranties . As a condition to the receipt of this Award, the Participant agrees to execute any investor representation or covenant determined by the Company or the Partnership to satisfy an exception under, or to otherwise comply with, the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), including the representations attached hereto as Exhibit C . Furthermore, 

the Participant hereby represents, warrants, covenants, acknowledges and agrees on behalf of the Participant and his or her spouse, if applicable, that: 
 
 (a) Investment . The Participant is holding the Award and the LTIP Units for the Participant s own account, and not for the account of any other person. The Participant is holding the Award and the LTIP Units for investment and not with a view to distribution or resale thereof except in compliance with applicable laws regulating securities. 
 
 (b) Relation to the Company and the Partnership . The Participant is presently an executive officer of the Company and employee of the Company, the Partnership, SmartStop Advisors, or any other Affiliate and is providing services to or for the benefit of the Partnership, and in such capacity has become personally familiar with the business of the Partnership. 
 
 (c) Access to Information . The Participant has had the opportunity to ask questions of, and to receive answers from, the Company and the Partnership with respect to the terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and with respect to the business, affairs, financial conditions, and results of operations of the Partnership. 
 
 	(d) Registration . The Participant understands that the LTIP Units have not been registered under the Securities Act, and the LTIP Units cannot be transferred by the Participant unless such transfer is registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is available. The Partnership has made no agreements, covenants or undertakings whatsoever to register the transfer of the LTIP Units under the Securities Act. The Partnership has made no representations, warranties, or covenants whatsoever as to whether any exemption from the Securities Act, including, without limitation, any exemption for limited sales in routine brokers transactions pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act, shall be available. If an exemption under Rule 144 is available at all, it shall not be available until at least six months from issuance of the Award and then not unless the terms and conditions of Rule 144 have been satisfied. 
 
 (e) Public Trading . None of the Partnership s securities are presently publicly traded, and the Partnership has made no representations, covenants or agreements as to whether there will be a public market for any of its securities. 
 
 (f) Tax Advice . The Partnership and the Participant intend that (i) the LTIP Units be treated as a profits interest as defined in Internal Revenue Service Revenue Procedure 93-27 Rev. Proc. 93-27 ), as clarified by Revenue Procedure 2001-43 Rev. Proc. 2001-43 ), (ii) the issuance of such units not be a taxable event to the Partnership or the Participant as provided in such revenue procedure, and (iii) the Partnership Agreement, the Plan and this Agreement be interpreted consistently with such intent. In furtherance of such intent, effective immediately prior to the issuance of the LTIP Units, the Partnership may revalue all Partnership assets to their respective gross fair market values, and make the resulting adjustments to the Capital Accounts (as defined in the Partnership Agreement) of the partners, in each case as set forth in the Partnership Agreement. The Company, the Partnership, SmartStop Advisors, or any other Affiliate may withhold from the Participant s wages, or require the Participant to pay to such entity, any applicable withholding or employment taxes resulting from the issuance of the Award hereunder, from the vesting or lapse of any restrictions imposed on the Award, or from the ownership or disposition of the LTIP Units, provided, however, that neither the Company nor the Partnership has made warranties or representations to the Participant with respect to the income tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, with respect to the decision of whether to make an election under Section 83(b) of the Code), and the Participant is in no manner relying on the Company or the Partnership or its representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences. Participant hereby recognizes that the Internal Revenue Service has proposed regulations 

under Sections 83 and 704 of the Code that may affect the proper treatment of the LTIP Units for federal income tax purposes. In the event that those proposed regulations are finalized, the Participant hereby agrees to cooperate with the Partnership in amending this Agreement and the Partnership Agreement, and to take such other action as may be required, to conform to such regulations. The Participant is advised to consult with his or her own tax advisor with respect to such tax consequences and his or her ownership of the LTIP Units. 
 
 (g) Notice Regarding Transfers . In further acknowledgement of the intended tax treatment discussed in Section 8(f) above, and notwithstanding the restrictions on transfers of the LTIP Units imposed under the terms of this Agreement, the Participant acknowledges that a Transfer of the LTIP Units within the three-year period following the date of this Agreement may result in adverse tax consequences to the Participant. Such adverse tax consequences may include, without limitation: (i) the LTIP Units failing to be treated as a profits interest as defined in Rev. Proc. 93-27 and Rev. Proc. 2001-43 and (ii) gains associated with any disposition of the LTIP Units, not being taxed at the long-term capital gains rate. 
 
 9. Capital Account . The Participant shall make no contribution of capital to the Partnership in connection with the Award and, as a result, the Participant s Capital Account balance in the Partnership immediately after its receipt of the LTIP Units shall be equal to zero, unless the Participant was a Partner in the Partnership prior to such issuance, in which case the Participant s Capital Account balance shall not be increased as a result of its receipt of the LTIP Units. 
 	 
 10. Section 83(b) Election . The Participant covenants that the Participant shall make a timely election under Section 83(b) of the Code (and any comparable election in the state of the Participant s residence) with respect to the LTIP Units covered by the Award, and the Partnership hereby consents to the making of such election(s). In connection with such election, the Participant and the Participant s spouse, if applicable, shall promptly provide a copy of such election to the Partnership. Instructions for completing an election under Section 83(b) of the Code and a form of election under Section 83(b) of the Code are attached hereto as Exhibit A . The Participant represents that the Participant has consulted any tax advisor(s) that the Participant deems advisable in connection with the filing of an election under Section 83(b) of the Code and similar state tax provisions. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant s sole responsibility, and not the Company s or the Partnership s, to timely file an election under Section 83(b) of the Code (and any comparable state election), even if the Participant requests that the Company or the Partnership, or any representative of the Company or the Partnership, make such filing on the Participant s behalf. The Participant should consult his or her tax advisor to determine if there is a comparable election to file in the state of his or her residence. 
 
 11. Ownership Information . The Participant hereby covenants that so long as the Participant holds any LTIP Units, at the request of the Partnership, the Participant shall disclose to the Partnership in writing such information relating to the Participant s ownership of the LTIP Units as the Partnership reasonably believes to be necessary or desirable to ascertain in order to comply with the Code or the requirements of any other appropriate taxing authority. 
 
 12. Remedies . The Participant shall be liable to the Partnership for all costs and damages, including incidental and consequential damages, resulting from a disposition of the Award or the LTIP Units which is in violation of the provisions of this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Participant agrees that the Partnership shall be entitled to obtain specific performance of the obligations of the Participant under this Agreement and immediate injunctive relief in the event any action or proceeding is brought in equity to enforce the same. The Participant shall not urge as a defense that there is an adequate remedy at law. 

13. Restrictive Legends . Certificates evidencing the Award, to the extent such certificates are issued, may bear such restrictive legends as the Partnership and/or the Partnership s counsel may deem necessary or advisable under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement, including, without limitation, the following legends or any legends similar thereto: 
 
 The securities represented hereby have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Any transfer of such securities shall be invalid unless a Registration Statement under the Securities Act is in effect as to such transfer or in the opinion of counsel for SmartStop OP, L.P. (the Partnership such registration is unnecessary in order for such transfer to comply with the Securities Act. 
 
 The securities represented hereby are subject to forfeiture, transferability and other restrictions as set forth in (i) the SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. and SmartStop OP, L.P. Time-Based LTIP Unit Agreement, (ii) the SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan, and (iii) the Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of SmartStop OP, L.P., in each case, as has been and as may in the future be amended (or amended and restated) from time to time, and such securities may not be sold or otherwise transferred except pursuant to the provisions of such documents. 
 
 14. Restrictions on Public Sale by the Participant . To the extent not inconsistent with applicable law, the Participant agrees not to effect any sale or distribution of the LTIP Units or any similar security of the Company or the Partnership, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for such securities, including a sale pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act, during the 14 days prior to, and for a period of up to 90 days beginning on the date of the pricing of any public or private debt or equity securities offering by the Company or the Partnership (except as part of such offering), if and to the extent requested in writing by the Partnership or the Company in the case of a non-underwritten public or private offering or if and to the extent requested in writing by the managing underwriter or underwriters (or initial purchaser or initial purchasers, as the case may be) and consented to by the Partnership or the Company, which consent may be given or withheld in the Partnership s or the Company s sole and absolute discretion, in the case of an underwritten public or private offering (such agreement to be in the form of a lock-up agreement provided by the Company, the Partnership, managing underwriter or underwriters, or initial purchaser or initial purchasers, as the case may be). 
 
 	15. Code Section 409A . To the extent applicable, this Agreement shall be interpreted so that this Award is exempt from (or, to the extent that exemption is not possible, to comply with) Section 409A of the Code and Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including without limitation any such regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the effective date of this Agreement. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that following the effective date of this Agreement, the Company or the Partnership determines that the Award must be revised to maintain exemption from or to comply with Section 409A of the Code and related Department of Treasury guidance (including such Department of Treasury guidance as may be issued after the effective date of this Agreement), the Company or the Partnership may adopt such amendments to this Agreement or adopt other policies and procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other actions, that the Company or the Partnership determines are necessary or appropriate to (a) exempt the Award from Section 409A of the Code and/or preserve the intended tax treatment of the benefits provided with respect to the Award, or (b) comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and related Department of Treasury guidance; provided, however , that this Section 15 shall not create any obligation on the part of the Company, the Partnership or any Subsidiary to adopt any such amendment, policy or procedure or take any such other action, and 

none of the Company, the Partnership or any Subsidiary shall have any obligation to indemnify any person for any taxes imposed under or by operation of Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 16. Miscellaneous . 
 
 (a) Incorporation of the Plan . This Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference. In the event of any inconsistency between the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan shall control. The Committee may make such rules and regulations and establish such procedures for the administration of this Agreement as it deems appropriate. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Committee may interpret the Plan and this Agreement, with such interpretations to be conclusive and binding on all persons and otherwise accorded the maximum deference permitted by law. In the event of any dispute or disagreement as to interpretation of the Plan or this Agreement or of any rule, regulation or procedure, or as to any question, right or obligation arising from or related to the Plan or this Agreement, the decision of the Committee shall be final and binding upon all persons. 
 
 (b) Not a Contract of Service Relationship . Nothing in this Agreement or in the Plan or the Partnership Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue to serve as an employee or other service provider of the Company, the Partnership, SmartStop Advisors, or any other Affiliate or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the rights of the Company, the Partnership, SmartStop Advisors, or any other Affiliate, which rights are hereby expressly reserved, to discharge or terminate the services of the Participant at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without cause, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in a written agreement between the Company, the Partnership, SmartStop Advisors, or any other Affiliate and the Participant. 
 
 (c) Governing Law . The laws of the State of Delaware shall govern the interpretation, validity, administration, enforcement and performance of the terms of this Agreement regardless of the law that might be applied under principles of conflicts of laws. 
 
 (d) Conformity to Securities Laws . The Participant acknowledges that the Plan and this Agreement are intended to conform to the extent necessary with all provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and any and all Applicable Law. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Plan shall be administered, and the Award is granted, only in such a manner as to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Plan and this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. 
 
 (e) Amendment, Suspension and Termination . To the extent permitted by the Plan and the Partnership Agreement, this Agreement may be wholly or partially amended or otherwise modified, suspended or terminated at any time or from time to time by the Committee or the Board; provided, however, that, except as may otherwise be provided by the Plan and the Partnership Agreement, no amendment, modification, suspension or termination of this Agreement shall adversely affect the Award in any material way without the prior written consent of the Participant. 
 
 (f) Notices . Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement shall be addressed to the Company in care of the Secretary of the Company at the Company s principal office, and any notice to be given to the Partnership shall be addressed to the Partnership in care of the General Partner of the Partnership at the Partnership s principal office, and any notice to be given to the Participant shall be addressed to the Participant at the Participant s last address reflected on the Company s records. Any notice shall be deemed duly given when sent via email or when sent by reputable overnight courier or by certified mail (return receipt requested) through the United States Postal Service. 

(g) Successors and Assigns . The Company, the Partnership or any Affiliate may assign any of its rights under this Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company, the Partnership and any Affiliate. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 3 hereof, this Agreement shall be binding upon the Participant and his or her heirs, executors, successors and assigns. 
 
 (h) Limitations Applicable to Section 16 Persons . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Partnership or this Agreement, if the Participant is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, then the Plan, the Partnership Agreement, the Award and this Agreement shall be subject to any additional limitations set forth in any applicable exemptive rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including any amendment to Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act) that are requirements for the application of such exemptive rule. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such applicable exemptive rule. 
 
 (i) Entire Agreement . The Plan, the Partnership Agreement, and this Agreement (including all exhibits thereto, if any) constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company, the Partnership, SmartStop Advisors, or any other Affiliate, and the Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 
 (j) Clawback . This Award shall be subject to any clawback or recoupment policy currently in effect or as may be adopted by the Company or the Partnership, in each case, as may be amended from time to time. 
 
 (k) Survival of Representations and Warranties . The representations, warranties and covenants contained in Section 8 hereof shall survive the later of the date of execution and delivery of this Agreement or the issuance of the Award. 
 
 (j) Spousal Consent . As a condition to the Partnership s and the Company s obligations under this Agreement, the spouse of the Participant, if any, shall execute and deliver to the Partnership the Consent of Spouse attached hereto as Exhibit B . 
 
 (k) Fractional Units . For purposes of this Agreement, any fractional LTIP Units that vest or become entitled to distributions pursuant to the Partnership Agreement shall be rounded as determined by the Company or the Partnership; provided, however, that in no event shall such rounding cause the aggregate number of LTIP Units that vest or become entitled to such distributions to exceed the total number of LTIP Units set forth in Section 1 of this Agreement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 

SMARTSTOP SELF STORAGE REIT, INC. 
 
 By:	 						 
 Name: H. Michael Schwartz 
 Title: Chief Executive Officer 

SMARTSTOP OP, L.P. 
 By:	SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc., 
 its sole general partner 
 
 By:	 					 Name: H. Michael Schwartz Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 The Participant hereby accepts and agrees to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

____________________________ 
 [________] 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 7
 ck0001585389-ex10_6.htm
 EX-10.6

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.6 
 SMARTSTOP SELF STORAGE REIT, INC. 
 AND SMARTSTOP OP, L.P. 
 PERFORMANCE-BASED LTIP UNIT AGREEMENT 
 
 This Performance-Based LTIP Unit Agreement (this Agreement ), dated as of [_______] (the Grant Date and effective as of [_______] (the Effective Date ), is made by and between SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), SmartStop OP, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership and [________], (the Participant ); 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company maintains the SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan, effective as of June 15, 2022 (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ); 
 
 WHEREAS, Section 11 of the Plan allows the grant of LTIP Unit Awards to employees of the Company, the Partnership, SmartStop Storage Advisors, LLC SmartStop Advisors or any other Affiliate for the performance of services to or for the benefit of the Partnership; 
 
 WHEREAS , on April 20, 2020, the Committee approved the 2020 Executive Compensation Program, which sets forth the framework for cash and equity-based compensation to be received by the Company s executive officers, on April 13, 2021, the Committee approved the 2021 executive compensation terms which contained certain immaterial modifications and supplements to such program, and on February 2, 2022, the Committee approved the 2022 executive compensation terms which contained certain additional immaterial modifications and supplements to such program (collectively, the Executive Compensation Program ); and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Committee has determined that it would be to the advantage and in the best interest of the Company and its Affiliates to cause performance based LTIP Units to be issued to the Participant under the Plan and the Executive Compensation Program, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein (the Award ). 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto do hereby agree as follows: 
 
 1. Issuance of LTIP Units . The Participant shall be issued, by the Partnership, a total of [INSERT NUMBER OF LTIP UNITS AT MAX PERFORMANCE] LTIP Units, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, in the Plan and in the Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of SmartStop OP, L.P., effective as of June 28, 2019, as amended by Amendment No. 1, effective as of October 29, 2019, Amendment No. 2, effective as of January 1, 2020, Amendment No. 3 effective as of March 24, 2021, and Amendment No. 4 effective as of January 1, 2020, and as may be subsequently amended (the Partnership Agreement ). Upon receipt of the Award, the Participant shall, automatically and without further action on his or her part, be deemed to be a party to, signatory of and bound by the Partnership Agreement. At the request of the Partnership, the Participant shall execute the Partnership Agreement or a joinder or counterpart signature page thereto. The Participant acknowledges that the Partnership may from time to time issue or cancel (or otherwise modify) LTIP Units and/or other equity interests in accordance with the terms of the Partnership Agreement. The Award shall have the rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption and conversion set forth herein, in the Plan and in the Partnership Agreement. 
 
 In the Participant s discretion and subject to the consent of the General Partner, the Participant may direct that the Company issue the LTIP Units to a revocable living trust established for the exclusive benefit 
 1 

of the Participant or the Participant and his or her spouse, provided that the Participant shall remain responsible for the satisfaction of all duties and obligations under the Award and under the Plan, including tax obligations. 
 
 2. Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below. All capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Plan and/or the Partnership Agreement, as applicable. 
 
 (a) Cause means Cause as defined in the Severance Plan. 

(b) Change of Control means Change of Control as defined in the Severance Plan. 

(c) Determination Date means the date by which the Committee, pursuant to the definitions and calculations, shall determine the Average Annual Same Store Revenue Growth. Such date shall be [_______]. 

(d) Good Reason means Good Reason as defined in the Severance Plan. 

(e) Restrictions means the exposure to forfeiture set forth in Sections 4(a) and 5(b) below and the restrictions on sale or other transfer set forth in Section 3(b) below. 

(f) Severance Plan means that certain Executive Severance and Change of Control Plan issued by the Company, effective as of June 27, 2019, as the same may be amended from time to time, and pursuant to which the Participant has been issued by the Company an Executive Severance Plan Letter. 

(g) Subsidiary means any entity of which the majority of its equity interests are owned by the Company, the Partnership, or SmartStop Advisors, or a combination thereof. 

3. LTIP Units Subject to Partnership Agreement; Transfer Restrictions . 
 
 (a) LTIP Units are subject to the terms of the Plan, this Agreement and the Partnership Agreement, including, without limitation, the restrictions on transfer of Units (including, without limitation, LTIP Units) set forth therein. 
 
 (b) Except as otherwise provided in Section 3(c) below, without the consent of the General Partner (which it may give or withhold in its sole discretion), the Participant shall not sell, pledge, assign, hypothecate, transfer, or otherwise dispose of (collectively, Transfer any unvested LTIP Units or any portion of the Award attributable to such unvested LTIP Units (or any securities into which such unvested LTIP Units are converted or exchanged), other than by will or pursuant to the laws of descent and distribution (the Transfer Restrictions ); provided, however, that (i) the Participant may direct that the Company issue the LTIP Units to a revocable living trust as described in Section 1 above and (ii) the Transfer Restrictions shall not apply to any Transfer of unvested LTIP Units or Award to the Partnership or the Company. 
 
 (c) Any permitted transferee of the Award or LTIP Units shall take such Award or LTIP Units subject to the terms of the Plan, this Agreement, and the Partnership Agreement. Any such permitted transferee must, upon the request of the Partnership, execute a joinder or counterpart signature page to the Partnership Agreement, and must agree to such other waivers, limitations, and restrictions as the Partnership or the Company may reasonably require. Any Transfer of the Award or LTIP Units which is not made in compliance with the Plan, the Partnership Agreement and this Agreement shall be null and void and of no 
 2 

effect ab initio. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, without the consent of the General Partner (which it may give or withhold in its sole discretion), other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, the Participant shall not Transfer the LTIP Units, including by means of a redemption of such LTIP Units by the Partnership, until the earlier of (i) the occurrence of, and in connection with, a Change of Control (or such earlier time as is necessary in order for the Participant to participate in such Change of Control transaction with respect to the LTIP Units and receive the consideration payable with respect thereto in connection with such Change of Control) or (ii) the date such LTIP Units become vested. 
 
 (d) At least two weeks prior (the Notice Period to any proposed Transfer of vested or unvested LTIP Units, the Participant shall provide the Company with written notice of such proposed Transfer. Such notice of a proposed Transfer may be withdrawn at any time prior to expiration of the Notice Period. 
 
 4. Vesting . 
 
 (a) Performance Vesting . The LTIP Units shall become vested upon a determination by the Committee of the Applicable Percentage of Maximum Award to be made by the Committee by the Determination Date based upon the following vesting schedule: 

Ranking of Company s AASSRG among Peer Companies 
 1 (Highest AASSRG) 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 (Lowest AASSRG) 

Applicable Percentage of Maximum Award 
 100 
 75 
 50 
 32.5 
 12.5 
 0 

Upon such determination by the Committee, the LTIP Units shall vest and become non-forfeitable with respect to the Applicable Percentage of Maximum Award set forth in the chart above. Upon a Change of Control during the Performance Period, the Committee shall be permitted to measure Average Annual Same Store Revenue Growth for the Company vs the Peer Companies for a period shorter than the Performance Period prior to the consummation of the Change of Control in the sole discretion of the Committee. In the event that one or more of the Peer Companies ceases to exist as a separate company or fails to report Same Store Revenues during the Performance Period, the Committee may adjust the ranking tiers and/or measure the Average Annual Same Store Revenue Growth for such companies for a period shorter than the Performance Period in its sole discretion. 
 
 For purposes of this Award, the following definitions shall apply: 
 
 Applicable Percentage of Maximum Award shall mean the percentage of the number of LTIP Units issued pursuant to this Agreement set forth in the chart above. 
 
 Average Annual Same Store Revenue Growth or AASSRG shall mean the simple average of the Annual Same Store Revenue Growth for the three calendar years of the Performance Period. 
 
 Annual Same Store Revenue Growth shall mean the percentage by which Same Store Revenues for the applicable calendar year exceeds Same Store Revenues for the prior calendar year (which growth may be expressed as a negative percentage). 
 
 Peer Companies shall mean the following companies: Public Storage; Extra Space Storage Inc.; CubeSmart; Life Storage, Inc.; and National Storage Affiliates Trust. 
 
 Performance Period shall mean the period between [_______] and [_______] . 
 
 3 

Same Store Revenue shall mean the same store revenues reported by the Company and the Peer Companies in their respective Securities and Exchange Commission filings or applicable supplemental data contained on the Company s or Peer Companies websites. 
 
 (b) Change of Control . In the event of a Change of Control, the vesting of the LTIP Units shall be governed by the Severance Plan, as in effect at the time of such Change of Control, or, if no such Severance Plan is in place, the Severance Plan last in effect prior to such Change of Control. 
 
 5. Effect of Termination of Service . In the event of the Participant s termination of employment or service with the Company, the Partnership, SmartStop Advisors, or any other Affiliate for any reason, the vesting of the LTIP Units, if any, shall be governed by the Severance Plan as in effect at the time of such termination, or, if no such Severance Plan is then in place, the Severance Plan last in effect prior to such termination. 
 
 6. Distributions and Allocations of Profits and Losses . 
 
 (a) The Participant shall be entitled to receive distributions and allocations of Profits and Losses with respect to the LTIP Units to the extent provided for in the Partnership Agreement, as modified hereby. 
 
 (b) The Distribution Participation Date (as defined in the Partnership Agreement) with respect to the LTIP Units issued hereunder shall be the Determination Date. Accordingly, from the Effective Date until the Distribution Participation Date, the holder of the LTIP Units issued hereunder shall only be entitled to a percentage of distributions and allocations under the Partnership Agreement equal to the LTIP Unit Initial Sharing Percentage (as defined in the Partnership Agreement) (i.e. 10 of regular periodic distributions and allocations available to such LTIP Unit (the Interim Distributions ). Upon vesting, the holder of the LTIP Units shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to (i) the distributions payable from the Effective Date until the Distribution Participation Date with respect to a number of Common Units that is identical to the actual number of LTIP Units earned hereunder, less (ii) the amount of the Interim Distributions (the Performance Distribution ). The Performance Distribution shall be paid to the holder of the LTIP Units within 30 days after the Determination Date. 
 
 (c) For the avoidance of doubt, (i) upon vesting, the holder of the LTIP Units shall (in the discretion of the General Partner) receive an allocation of income (including gross items thereof) in an amount equal to the Performance Distribution, and (ii) commencing immediately after the Determination Date, the LTIP Units issued hereunder that have vested shall be entitled to receive the same distributions and allocations payable with respect to Common Units. 
 
 (d) All distributions paid with respect to the LTIP Units issued hereunder, both before and after the Determination Date, shall be fully vested and non-forfeitable when paid, whether or not the underlying LTIP Units have become vested pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 7. Execution and Return of Documents and Certificates . At the Company s or the Partnership s request, the Participant hereby agrees to promptly execute, deliver and return to the Partnership any and all documents or certificates that the Company or the Partnership deems necessary or desirable to effectuate the cancellation and forfeiture of the unvested LTIP Units (pursuant to the Restrictions) and the portion of the Award attributable thereto, and/or to effectuate the transfer or surrender of such unvested LTIP Units to the Partnership. 
 
 8. Covenants, Representations and Warranties . As a condition to the receipt of this Award, the Participant agrees to execute any investor representation or covenant determined by the Company or the Partnership to satisfy an exception under, or to otherwise comply with, the Securities Act of 1933, as 
 4 

amended (the Securities Act ), including the representations attached hereto as Exhibit C . Furthermore, the Participant hereby represents, warrants, covenants, acknowledges and agrees on behalf of the Participant and his or her spouse, if applicable, that: 
 
 (a) Investment . The Participant is holding the Award and the LTIP Units for the Participant s own account, and not for the account of any other person. The Participant is holding the Award and the LTIP Units for investment and not with a view to distribution or resale thereof except in compliance with applicable laws regulating securities. 
 
 (b) Relation to the Company and the Partnership . The Participant is presently an executive officer of the Company and employee of the Company, the Partnership, SmartStop Advisors, or any other Affiliate and is providing services to or for the benefit of the Partnership, and in such capacity has become personally familiar with the business of the Partnership. 
 
 (c) Access to Information . The Participant has had the opportunity to ask questions of, and to receive answers from, the Company and the Partnership with respect to the terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and with respect to the business, affairs, financial conditions, and results of operations of the Partnership. 
 
 	(d) Registration . The Participant understands that the LTIP Units have not been registered under the Securities Act, and the LTIP Units cannot be transferred by the Participant unless such transfer is registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is available. The Partnership has made no agreements, covenants or undertakings whatsoever to register the transfer of the LTIP Units under the Securities Act. The Partnership has made no representations, warranties, or covenants whatsoever as to whether any exemption from the Securities Act, including, without limitation, any exemption for limited sales in routine brokers transactions pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act, shall be available. If an exemption under Rule 144 is available at all, it shall not be available until at least six months from issuance of the Award and then not unless the terms and conditions of Rule 144 have been satisfied. 
 
 (e) Public Trading . None of the Partnership s securities are presently publicly traded, and the Partnership has made no representations, covenants or agreements as to whether there will be a public market for any of its securities. 
 
 (f) Tax Advice . The Partnership and the Participant intend that (i) the LTIP Units be treated as a profits interest as defined in Internal Revenue Service Revenue Procedure 93-27 Rev. Proc. 93-27 ), as clarified by Revenue Procedure 2001-43 Rev. Proc. 2001-43 ), (ii) the issuance of such units not be a taxable event to the Partnership or the Participant as provided in such revenue procedure, and (iii) the Partnership Agreement, the Plan and this Agreement be interpreted consistently with such intent. In furtherance of such intent, effective immediately prior to the issuance of the LTIP Units, the Partnership may revalue all Partnership assets to their respective gross fair market values, and make the resulting adjustments to the Capital Accounts (as defined in the Partnership Agreement) of the partners, in each case as set forth in the Partnership Agreement. The Company, the Partnership, SmartStop Advisors, or any other Affiliate may withhold from the Participant s wages, or require the Participant to pay to such entity, any applicable withholding or employment taxes resulting from the issuance of the Award hereunder, from the vesting or lapse of any restrictions imposed on the Award, or from the ownership or disposition of the LTIP Units, provided, however, that neither the Company nor the Partnership has made warranties or representations to the Participant with respect to the income tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, with respect to the decision of whether to make an election under Section 83(b) of the Code), and the Participant is in no manner relying on the Company or the Partnership or its representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences. Participant hereby recognizes that the Internal Revenue Service has proposed regulations under Sections 83 and 704 
 5 

of the Code that may affect the proper treatment of the LTIP Units for federal income tax purposes. In the event that those proposed regulations are finalized, the Participant hereby agrees to cooperate with the Partnership in amending this Agreement and the Partnership Agreement, and to take such other action as may be required, to conform to such regulations. The Participant is advised to consult with his or her own tax advisor with respect to such tax consequences and his or her ownership of the LTIP Units. 
 
 (g) Notice Regarding Transfers . In further acknowledgement of the intended tax treatment discussed in Section 8(f) above, and notwithstanding the restrictions on transfers of the LTIP Units imposed under the terms of this Agreement, the Participant acknowledges that a Transfer of the LTIP Units within the three-year period following the date of this Agreement may result in adverse tax consequences to the Participant. Such adverse tax consequences may include, without limitation: (i) the LTIP Units failing to be treated as a profits interest as defined in Rev. Proc. 93-27 and Rev. Proc. 2001-43 and (ii) gains associated with any disposition of the LTIP Units, not being taxed at the long-term capital gains rate. 
 
 9. Capital Account . The Participant shall make no contribution of capital to the Partnership in connection with the Award and, as a result, the Participant s Capital Account balance in the Partnership immediately after its receipt of the LTIP Units shall be equal to zero, unless the Participant was a Partner in the Partnership prior to such issuance, in which case the Participant s Capital Account balance shall not be increased as a result of its receipt of the LTIP Units. 
 	 
 10. Section 83(b) Election . The Participant covenants that the Participant shall make a timely election under Section 83(b) of the Code (and any comparable election in the state of the Participant s residence) with respect to the LTIP Units covered by the Award, and the Partnership hereby consents to the making of such election(s). In connection with such election, the Participant and the Participant s spouse, if applicable, shall promptly provide a copy of such election to the Partnership. Instructions for completing an election under Section 83(b) of the Code and a form of election under Section 83(b) of the Code are attached hereto as Exhibit A . The Participant represents that the Participant has consulted any tax advisor(s) that the Participant deems advisable in connection with the filing of an election under Section 83(b) of the Code and similar state tax provisions. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant s sole responsibility, and not the Company s or the Partnership s, to timely file an election under Section 83(b) of the Code (and any comparable state election), even if the Participant requests that the Company or the Partnership, or any representative of the Company or the Partnership, make such filing on the Participant s behalf. The Participant should consult his or her tax advisor to determine if there is a comparable election to file in the state of his or her residence. 
 
 11. Ownership Information . The Participant hereby covenants that so long as the Participant holds any LTIP Units, at the request of the Partnership, the Participant shall disclose to the Partnership in writing such information relating to the Participant s ownership of the LTIP Units as the Partnership reasonably believes to be necessary or desirable to ascertain in order to comply with the Code or the requirements of any other appropriate taxing authority. 
 
 12. Remedies . The Participant shall be liable to the Partnership for all costs and damages, including incidental and consequential damages, resulting from a disposition of the Award or the LTIP Units which is in violation of the provisions of this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Participant agrees that the Partnership shall be entitled to obtain specific performance of the obligations of the Participant under this Agreement and immediate injunctive relief in the event any action or proceeding is brought in equity to enforce the same. The Participant shall not urge as a defense that there is an adequate remedy at law. 
 
 13. Restrictive Legends . Certificates evidencing the Award, to the extent such certificates are issued, may bear such restrictive legends as the Partnership and/or the Partnership s counsel may deem 
 6 

necessary or advisable under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement, including, without limitation, the following legends or any legends similar thereto: 
 
 The securities represented hereby have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Any transfer of such securities shall be invalid unless a Registration Statement under the Securities Act is in effect as to such transfer or in the opinion of counsel for SmartStop OP, L.P. (the Partnership such registration is unnecessary in order for such transfer to comply with the Securities Act. 
 
 The securities represented hereby are subject to forfeiture, transferability and other restrictions as set forth in (i) the SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. and SmartStop OP, L.P. Performance-Based LTIP Unit Agreement, (ii) the SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan, and (iii) the Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of SmartStop OP, L.P., in each case, as has been and as may in the future be amended (or amended and restated) from time to time, and such securities may not be sold or otherwise transferred except pursuant to the provisions of such documents. 
 
 14. Restrictions on Public Sale by the Participant . To the extent not inconsistent with applicable law, the Participant agrees not to effect any sale or distribution of the LTIP Units or any similar security of the Company or the Partnership, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for such securities, including a sale pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act, during the 14 days prior to, and for a period of up to 90 days beginning on the date of the pricing of any public or private debt or equity securities offering by the Company or the Partnership (except as part of such offering), if and to the extent requested in writing by the Partnership or the Company in the case of a non-underwritten public or private offering or if and to the extent requested in writing by the managing underwriter or underwriters (or initial purchaser or initial purchasers, as the case may be) and consented to by the Partnership or the Company, which consent may be given or withheld in the Partnership s or the Company s sole and absolute discretion, in the case of an underwritten public or private offering (such agreement to be in the form of a lock-up agreement provided by the Company, the Partnership, managing underwriter or underwriters, or initial purchaser or initial purchasers, as the case may be). 
 
 	15. Code Section 409A . To the extent applicable, this Agreement shall be interpreted so that this Award is exempt from (or, to the extent that exemption is not possible, to comply with) Section 409A of the Code and Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including without limitation any such regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the effective date of this Agreement. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that following the effective date of this Agreement, the Company or the Partnership determines that the Award must be revised to maintain exemption from or to comply with Section 409A of the Code and related Department of Treasury guidance (including such Department of Treasury guidance as may be issued after the effective date of this Agreement), the Company or the Partnership may adopt such amendments to this Agreement or adopt other policies and procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other actions, that the Company or the Partnership determines are necessary or appropriate to (a) exempt the Award from Section 409A of the Code and/or preserve the intended tax treatment of the benefits provided with respect to the Award, or (b) comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and related Department of Treasury guidance; provided, however , that this Section 15 shall not create any obligation on the part of the Company, the Partnership or any Subsidiary to adopt any such amendment, policy or procedure or take any such other action, and none of the Company, the 
 7 

Partnership or any Subsidiary shall have any obligation to indemnify any person for any taxes imposed under or by operation of Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 16. Miscellaneous . 
 
 (a) Incorporation of the Plan . This Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference. In the event of any inconsistency between the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan shall control. The Committee may make such rules and regulations and establish such procedures for the administration of this Agreement as it deems appropriate. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Committee may interpret the Plan and this Agreement, with such interpretations to be conclusive and binding on all persons and otherwise accorded the maximum deference permitted by law. In the event of any dispute or disagreement as to interpretation of the Plan or this Agreement or of any rule, regulation or procedure, or as to any question, right or obligation arising from or related to the Plan or this Agreement, the decision of the Committee shall be final and binding upon all persons. 
 
 (b) Not a Contract of Service Relationship . Nothing in this Agreement or in the Plan or the Partnership Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue to serve as an employee or other service provider of the Company, the Partnership, SmartStop Advisors, or any other Affiliate or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the rights of the Company, the Partnership, SmartStop Advisors, or any other Affiliate, which rights are hereby expressly reserved, to discharge or terminate the services of the Participant at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without cause, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in a written agreement between the Company, the Partnership, SmartStop Advisors, or any other Affiliate and the Participant. 
 
 (c) Governing Law . The laws of the State of Delaware shall govern the interpretation, validity, administration, enforcement and performance of the terms of this Agreement regardless of the law that might be applied under principles of conflicts of laws. 
 
 (d) Conformity to Securities Laws . The Participant acknowledges that the Plan and this Agreement are intended to conform to the extent necessary with all provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and any and all Applicable Law. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Plan shall be administered, and the Award is granted, only in such a manner as to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Plan and this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. 
 
 (e) Amendment, Suspension and Termination . To the extent permitted by the Plan and the Partnership Agreement, this Agreement may be wholly or partially amended or otherwise modified, suspended or terminated at any time or from time to time by the Committee or the Board; provided, however, that, except as may otherwise be provided by the Plan and the Partnership Agreement, no amendment, modification, suspension or termination of this Agreement shall adversely affect the Award in any material way without the prior written consent of the Participant. 
 
 (f) Notices . Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement shall be addressed to the Company in care of the Secretary of the Company at the Company s principal office, and any notice to be given to the Partnership shall be addressed to the Partnership in care of the General Partner of the Partnership at the Partnership s principal office, and any notice to be given to the Participant shall be addressed to the Participant at the Participant s last address reflected on the Company s records. Any notice shall be deemed duly given when sent via email or when sent by reputable overnight courier or by certified mail (return receipt requested) through the United States Postal Service. 
 
 8 

(g) Successors and Assigns . The Company, the Partnership or any Affiliate may assign any of its rights under this Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company, the Partnership and any Affiliate. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 3 hereof, this Agreement shall be binding upon the Participant and his or her heirs, executors, successors and assigns. 
 
 (h) Limitations Applicable to Section 16 Persons . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Partnership or this Agreement, if the Participant is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, then the Plan, the Partnership Agreement, the Award and this Agreement shall be subject to any additional limitations set forth in any applicable exemptive rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including any amendment to Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act) that are requirements for the application of such exemptive rule. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such applicable exemptive rule. 
 
 (i) Entire Agreement . The Plan, the Partnership Agreement, and this Agreement (including all exhibits thereto, if any) constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company, the Partnership, SmartStop Advisors, or any other Affiliate, and the Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 
 (j) Clawback . This Award shall be subject to any clawback or recoupment policy currently in effect or as may be adopted by the Company or the Partnership, in each case, as may be amended from time to time. 
 
 (k) Survival of Representations and Warranties . The representations, warranties and covenants contained in Section 8 hereof shall survive the later of the date of execution and delivery of this Agreement or the issuance of the Award. 
 
 (j) Spousal Consent . As a condition to the Partnership s and the Company s obligations under this Agreement, the spouse of the Participant, if any, shall execute and deliver to the Partnership the Consent of Spouse attached hereto as Exhibit B . 
 
 (k) Fractional Units . For purposes of this Agreement, any fractional LTIP Units that vest or become entitled to distributions pursuant to the Partnership Agreement shall be rounded as determined by the Company or the Partnership; provided, however, that in no event shall such rounding cause the aggregate number of LTIP Units that vest or become entitled to such distributions to exceed the total number of LTIP Units set forth in Section 1 of this Agreement. 

9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 

SMARTSTOP SELF STORAGE REIT, INC. 
 
 By:	 						 
 Name: H. Michael Schwartz 
 Title: Chief Executive Officer 

SMARTSTOP OP, L.P. 
 By:	SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc., 
 its sole general partner 
 
 By:	 					 Name: H. Michael Schwartz Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 The Participant hereby accepts and agrees to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

____________________________ 
 [________] 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 8
 ck0001585389-ex10_7.htm
 EX-10.7

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.7 
 SMARTSTOP SELF STORAGE REIT, INC. 
 AND SMARTSTOP OP, L.P. 
 TIME-BASED LTIP UNIT AGREEMENT 
 
 This Time Based LTIP Unit Agreement (this Agreement ), dated as of [_______] (the Grant Date ), is made by and between SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), SmartStop OP, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership and [________] (the Participant ); 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company maintains the SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan, effective as of June 15, 2022 (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ); 
 
 WHEREAS, Section 11 of the Plan allows the grant of LTIP Unit Awards to, among others, Non-Employee Directors of the Company, for the performance of services to or for the benefit of the Partnership; 
 
 WHEREAS , on June 15, 2022, the Committee approved the 2022 non-executive board compensation terms, which set forth the cash and equity-based compensation Non-Executive Board Compensation Terms to be received by the non-executive members of the Company s board of directors (the Board ; and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Participant has elected to receive time based LTIP Units as a component of his or her equity-based compensation under the Non-Executive Board Compensation Terms, and the Committee has determined that it would be to the advantage and in the best interest of the Company and its Affiliates to cause time based LTIP Units to be issued to the Participant under the Non-Executive Board Compensation Terms, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein (the Award ). 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto do hereby agree as follows: 
 
 1. Issuance of LTIP Units . The Participant shall be issued, by the Partnership, a total of [INSERT NUMBER] LTIP Units, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, in the Plan and in the Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of SmartStop OP, L.P., effective as of June 28, 2019, as amended by Amendment No. 1, effective as of October 29, 2019, Amendment No. 2, effective as of January 1, 2020, Amendment No. 3 effective as of March 24, 2021, and Amendment No. 4 effective as of January 1, 2020, and as may be subsequently amended (the Partnership Agreement ). Upon receipt of the Award, the Participant shall, automatically and without further action on his or her part, be deemed to be a party to, signatory of and bound by the Partnership Agreement. At the request of the Partnership, the Participant shall execute the Partnership Agreement or a joinder or counterpart signature page thereto. The Participant acknowledges that the Partnership may from time to time issue or cancel (or otherwise modify) LTIP Units and/or other equity interests in accordance with the terms of the Partnership Agreement. The Award shall have the rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption and conversion set forth herein, in the Plan and in the Partnership Agreement. 
 
 In the Participant s discretion and subject to the consent of the General Partner, the Participant may direct that the Company issue the LTIP Units to a revocable living trust established for the exclusive benefit of the Participant or the Participant and his or her spouse, provided that the Participant shall 

remain responsible for the satisfaction of all duties and obligations under the Award and under the Plan, including tax obligations. 
 
 2. Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below. All capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Plan and/or the Partnership Agreement, as applicable. 
 
 (a) Change of Control means the first to occur of any of the following events: 

(i) the date any one person, or more than one person acting as a group, acquires the stock of the Company that, together with stock held by such person or group, constitutes more than 50 percent of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of the Company. However, if any one person, or more than one person acting as a group, is considered to own more than 50 percent of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of the Company (or such higher percentage specified in accordance with the preceding sentence), the acquisition of additional stock by the same person or persons is not considered to cause a change in the ownership of the Company (or to cause a change in the effective control of the Company). An increase in the percentage of stock owned by any one person, or persons acting as a group, as a result of a transaction in which the Company acquires its stock in exchange for property will be treated as an acquisition of stock for purposes of this section; 

(ii) the date any one person, or more than one person acting as a group, acquires during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons, ownership of stock of the Company possessing 50 percent or more of the total voting power of the stock of the Company; 

(iii) the date a majority of members of the Board is replaced during any 12-month period by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board before the date of the appointment or election; or 

(iv) the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group acquires (or has acquired during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than 40 percent of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately before such acquisition or acquisitions. For this purpose, gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the Company, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets. There is no change in control event under this paragraph when there is a transfer to an entity that is controlled by the shareholders of the transferring corporation immediately after the transfer. 

(b) Restrictions means the exposure to forfeiture set forth in Sections 4 and 5 below and the restrictions on sale or other transfer set forth in Section 3(b) below. 

3. LTIP Units Subject to Partnership Agreement; Transfer Restrictions . 
 
 (a) LTIP Units are subject to the terms of the Plan, this Agreement and the Partnership Agreement, including, without limitation, the restrictions on transfer of Units (including, without limitation, LTIP Units) set forth therein. 
 
 (b) Except as otherwise provided in Section 3(c) below, without the consent of the General Partner (which it may give or withhold in its sole discretion), the Participant shall not sell, pledge, assign, hypothecate, transfer, or otherwise dispose of (collectively, Transfer any unvested LTIP Units or any 

portion of the Award attributable to such unvested LTIP Units (or any securities into which such unvested LTIP Units are converted or exchanged), other than by will or pursuant to the laws of descent and distribution (the Transfer Restrictions ); provided, however, that (i) the Participant may direct that the Company issue the LTIP Units to a revocable living trust as described in Section 1 above and (ii) the Transfer Restrictions shall not apply to any Transfer of unvested LTIP Units or Award to the Partnership or the Company. 
 
 (c) Any permitted transferee of the Award or LTIP Units shall take such Award or LTIP Units subject to the terms of the Plan, this Agreement, and the Partnership Agreement. Any such permitted transferee must, upon the request of the Partnership, execute a joinder or counterpart signature page to the Partnership Agreement, and must agree to such other waivers, limitations, and restrictions as the Partnership or the Company may reasonably require. Any Transfer of the Award or LTIP Units which is not made in compliance with the Plan, the Partnership Agreement and this Agreement shall be null and void and of no effect ab initio. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, without the consent of the General Partner (which it may give or withhold in its sole discretion), other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, the Participant shall not Transfer the LTIP Units, including by means of a redemption of such LTIP Units by the Partnership, until the earlier of (i) the occurrence of, and in connection with, a Change of Control (or such earlier time as is necessary in order for the Participant to participate in such Change of Control transaction with respect to the LTIP Units and receive the consideration payable with respect thereto in connection with such Change of Control) or (ii) the date such LTIP Units become vested. 
 
 (d) At least two weeks prior (the Notice Period to any proposed Transfer of vested or unvested LTIP Units, the Participant shall provide the Company with written notice of such proposed Transfer. Such notice of a proposed Transfer may be withdrawn at any time prior to expiration of the Notice Period. 
 
 4. Vesting . Subject to Section 5 hereof, the Restrictions shall lapse and the LTIP Units shall vest and become nonforfeitable on the earlier to occur of (i) a Change in Control, or (ii) the date that is one year from the Grant Date. 
 
 5. Effect of Termination of Service . In the event of the Participant s termination of service on the Board for any reason, unvested LTIP Units at the time of such termination of service shall be deemed to be forfeited. 
 
 6. Distributions and Allocations of Profits and Losses . 
 
 (a) The Participant shall be entitled to receive distributions and allocations of Profits and Losses with respect to the LTIP Units to the extent provided for in the Partnership Agreement, as modified hereby. 
 
 (b) The Distribution Participation Date (as defined in the Partnership Agreement) with respect to the LTIP Units issued hereunder shall be the Grant Date. 
 
 (c) All distributions paid with respect to the LTIP Units issued hereunder shall be fully vested and non-forfeitable when paid, whether or not the underlying LTIP Units have become vested pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 7. Execution and Return of Documents and Certificates . At the Company s or the Partnership s request, the Participant hereby agrees to promptly execute, deliver and return to the Partnership any and all documents or certificates that the Company or the Partnership deems necessary or desirable to effectuate the cancellation and forfeiture of the unvested LTIP Units (pursuant to the Restrictions) and the 

portion of the Award attributable thereto, and/or to effectuate the transfer or surrender of such unvested LTIP Units to the Partnership. 
 
 8. Covenants, Representations and Warranties . As a condition to the receipt of this Award, the Participant agrees to execute any investor representation or covenant determined by the Company or the Partnership to satisfy an exception under, or to otherwise comply with, the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), including the representations attached hereto as Exhibit C . Furthermore, the Participant hereby represents, warrants, covenants, acknowledges and agrees on behalf of the Participant and his or her spouse, if applicable, that: 
 
 (a) Investment . The Participant is holding the Award and the LTIP Units for the Participant s own account, and not for the account of any other person. The Participant is holding the Award and the LTIP Units for investment and not with a view to distribution or resale thereof except in compliance with applicable laws regulating securities. 
 
 (b) Relation to the Company and the Partnership . The Participant is presently a Non-Employee Director of the Company and is providing services to or for the benefit of the Partnership, and in such capacity has become personally familiar with the business of the Partnership. 
 
 (c) Access to Information . The Participant has had the opportunity to ask questions of, and to receive answers from, the Company and the Partnership with respect to the terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and with respect to the business, affairs, financial conditions, and results of operations of the Partnership. 
 
 	(d) Registration . The Participant understands that the LTIP Units have not been registered under the Securities Act, and the LTIP Units cannot be transferred by the Participant unless such transfer is registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is available. The Partnership has made no agreements, covenants or undertakings whatsoever to register the transfer of the LTIP Units under the Securities Act. The Partnership has made no representations, warranties, or covenants whatsoever as to whether any exemption from the Securities Act, including, without limitation, any exemption for limited sales in routine brokers transactions pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act, shall be available. If an exemption under Rule 144 is available at all, it shall not be available until at least six months from issuance of the Award and then not unless the terms and conditions of Rule 144 have been satisfied. 
 
 (e) Public Trading . None of the Partnership s securities are presently publicly traded, and the Partnership has made no representations, covenants or agreements as to whether there will be a public market for any of its securities. 
 
 (f) Tax Advice . The Partnership and the Participant intend that (i) the LTIP Units be treated as a profits interest as defined in Internal Revenue Service Revenue Procedure 93-27 Rev. Proc. 93-27 ), as clarified by Revenue Procedure 2001-43 Rev. Proc. 2001-43 ), (ii) the issuance of such units not be a taxable event to the Partnership or the Participant as provided in such revenue procedure, and (iii) the Partnership Agreement, the Plan and this Agreement be interpreted consistently with such intent. In furtherance of such intent, effective immediately prior to the issuance of the LTIP Units, the Partnership may revalue all Partnership assets to their respective gross fair market values, and make the resulting adjustments to the Capital Accounts (as defined in the Partnership Agreement) of the partners, in each case as set forth in the Partnership Agreement. The Company may withhold from any compensation or any other payment of any kind due to the Participant, or require the Participant to pay to such entity, any applicable withholding taxes resulting from the issuance of the Award hereunder, from the vesting or lapse of any restrictions imposed on the Award, or from the ownership or disposition of the LTIP Units, 

provided, however, that neither the Company nor the Partnership has made warranties or representations to the Participant with respect to the income tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, with respect to the decision of whether to make an election under Section 83(b) of the Code), and the Participant is in no manner relying on the Company or the Partnership or its representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences. Participant hereby recognizes that the Internal Revenue Service has proposed regulations under Sections 83 and 704 of the Code that may affect the proper treatment of the LTIP Units for federal income tax purposes. In the event that those proposed regulations are finalized, the Participant hereby agrees to cooperate with the Partnership in amending this Agreement and the Partnership Agreement, and to take such other action as may be required, to conform to such regulations. The Participant is advised to consult with his or her own tax advisor with respect to such tax consequences and his or her ownership of the LTIP Units. 
 
 (g) Notice Regarding Transfers . In further acknowledgement of the intended tax treatment discussed in Section 8(f) above, and notwithstanding the restrictions on transfers of the LTIP Units imposed under the terms of this Agreement, the Participant acknowledges that a Transfer of the LTIP Units within the three-year period following the date of this Agreement may result in adverse tax consequences to the Participant. Such adverse tax consequences may include, without limitation: (i) the LTIP Units failing to be treated as a profits interest as defined in Rev. Proc. 93-27 and Rev. Proc. 2001-43 and (ii) gains associated with any disposition of the LTIP Units, not being taxed at the long-term capital gains rate. 
 
 9. Capital Account . The Participant shall make no contribution of capital to the Partnership in connection with the Award and, as a result, the Participant s Capital Account balance in the Partnership immediately after its receipt of the LTIP Units shall be equal to zero, unless the Participant was a Partner in the Partnership prior to such issuance, in which case the Participant s Capital Account balance shall not be increased as a result of its receipt of the LTIP Units. 
 	 
 10. Section 83(b) Election . The Participant covenants that the Participant shall make a timely election under Section 83(b) of the Code (and any comparable election in the state of the Participant s residence) with respect to the LTIP Units covered by the Award, and the Partnership hereby consents to the making of such election(s). In connection with such election, the Participant and the Participant s spouse, if applicable, shall promptly provide a copy of such election to the Partnership. Instructions for completing an election under Section 83(b) of the Code and a form of election under Section 83(b) of the Code are attached hereto as Exhibit A . The Participant represents that the Participant has consulted any tax advisor(s) that the Participant deems advisable in connection with the filing of an election under Section 83(b) of the Code and similar state tax provisions. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant s sole responsibility, and not the Company s or the Partnership s, to timely file an election under Section 83(b) of the Code (and any comparable state election), even if the Participant requests that the Company or the Partnership, or any representative of the Company or the Partnership, make such filing on the Participant s behalf. The Participant should consult his or her tax advisor to determine if there is a comparable election to file in the state of his or her residence. 
 
 11. Ownership Information . The Participant hereby covenants that so long as the Participant holds any LTIP Units, at the request of the Partnership, the Participant shall disclose to the Partnership in writing such information relating to the Participant s ownership of the LTIP Units as the Partnership reasonably believes to be necessary or desirable to ascertain in order to comply with the Code or the requirements of any other appropriate taxing authority. 
 
 12. Remedies . The Participant shall be liable to the Partnership for all costs and damages, including incidental and consequential damages, resulting from a disposition of the Award or the LTIP Units which is in violation of the provisions of this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the 

foregoing, the Participant agrees that the Partnership shall be entitled to obtain specific performance of the obligations of the Participant under this Agreement and immediate injunctive relief in the event any action or proceeding is brought in equity to enforce the same. The Participant shall not urge as a defense that there is an adequate remedy at law. 
 
 13. Restrictive Legends . Certificates evidencing the Award, to the extent such certificates are issued, may bear such restrictive legends as the Partnership and/or the Partnership s counsel may deem necessary or advisable under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement, including, without limitation, the following legends or any legends similar thereto: 
 
 The securities represented hereby have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Any transfer of such securities shall be invalid unless a Registration Statement under the Securities Act is in effect as to such transfer or in the opinion of counsel for SmartStop OP, L.P. (the Partnership such registration is unnecessary in order for such transfer to comply with the Securities Act. 
 
 The securities represented hereby are subject to forfeiture, transferability and other restrictions as set forth in (i) the SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. and SmartStop OP, L.P. Time-Based LTIP Unit Agreement, (ii) the SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan, and (iii) the Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of SmartStop OP, L.P., in each case, as has been and as may in the future be amended (or amended and restated) from time to time, and such securities may not be sold or otherwise transferred except pursuant to the provisions of such documents. 
 
 14. Restrictions on Public Sale by the Participant . To the extent not inconsistent with applicable law, the Participant agrees not to effect any sale or distribution of the LTIP Units or any similar security of the Company or the Partnership, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for such securities, including a sale pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act, during the 14 days prior to, and for a period of up to 90 days beginning on the date of the pricing of any public or private debt or equity securities offering by the Company or the Partnership (except as part of such offering), if and to the extent requested in writing by the Partnership or the Company in the case of a non-underwritten public or private offering or if and to the extent requested in writing by the managing underwriter or underwriters (or initial purchaser or initial purchasers, as the case may be) and consented to by the Partnership or the Company, which consent may be given or withheld in the Partnership s or the Company s sole and absolute discretion, in the case of an underwritten public or private offering (such agreement to be in the form of a lock-up agreement provided by the Company, the Partnership, managing underwriter or underwriters, or initial purchaser or initial purchasers, as the case may be). 
 
 15. Miscellaneous . 
 
 (a) Incorporation of the Plan . This Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference. In the event of any inconsistency between the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan shall control. The Committee may make such rules and regulations and establish such procedures for the administration of this Agreement as it deems appropriate. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Committee may interpret the Plan and this Agreement, with such interpretations to be conclusive and binding on all persons and otherwise accorded the maximum deference permitted by law. In the event of any dispute or disagreement as to interpretation of the Plan or this Agreement or of any rule, regulation or procedure, or as to any question, right or obligation arising 

from or related to the Plan or this Agreement, the decision of the Committee shall be final and binding upon all persons. 
 
 (b) Not a Contract of Service Relationship . Nothing in this Agreement or in the Plan or the Partnership Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue to serve as Non-Employee Director of the Company or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the rights of the Company, which rights are hereby expressly reserved, to discharge or terminate the services of the Participant at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without cause, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in a written agreement between the Company and the Participant. 
 
 (c) Governing Law . The laws of the State of Delaware shall govern the interpretation, validity, administration, enforcement and performance of the terms of this Agreement regardless of the law that might be applied under principles of conflicts of laws. 
 
 (d) Conformity to Securities Laws . The Participant acknowledges that the Plan and this Agreement are intended to conform to the extent necessary with all provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and any and all Applicable Law. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Plan shall be administered, and the Award is granted, only in such a manner as to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Plan and this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. 
 
 (e) Amendment, Suspension and Termination . To the extent permitted by the Plan and the Partnership Agreement, this Agreement may be wholly or partially amended or otherwise modified, suspended or terminated at any time or from time to time by the Committee or the Board; provided, however, that, except as may otherwise be provided by the Plan and the Partnership Agreement, no amendment, modification, suspension or termination of this Agreement shall adversely affect the Award in any material way without the prior written consent of the Participant. 
 
 (f) Notices . Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement shall be addressed to the Company in care of the Secretary of the Company at the Company s principal office, and any notice to be given to the Partnership shall be addressed to the Partnership in care of the General Partner of the Partnership at the Partnership s principal office, and any notice to be given to the Participant shall be addressed to the Participant at the Participant s last address reflected on the Company s records. Any notice shall be deemed duly given when sent via email or when sent by reputable overnight courier or by certified mail (return receipt requested) through the United States Postal Service. 
 
 (g) Successors and Assigns . The Company, the Partnership or any Affiliate may assign any of its rights under this Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company, the Partnership and any Affiliate. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 3 hereof, this Agreement shall be binding upon the Participant and his or her heirs, executors, successors and assigns. 
 
 (h) Limitations Applicable to Section 16 Persons . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Partnership or this Agreement, if the Participant is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, then the Plan, the Partnership Agreement, the Award and this Agreement shall be subject to any additional limitations set forth in any applicable exemptive rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including any amendment to Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act) that are requirements for the application of such exemptive rule. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such applicable exemptive rule. 

(i) Entire Agreement . The Plan, the Partnership Agreement, and this Agreement (including all exhibits thereto, if any) constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and the Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 
 (j) Clawback . This Award shall be subject to any clawback or recoupment policy currently in effect or as may be adopted by the Company or the Partnership, in each case, as may be amended from time to time. 
 
 (k) Survival of Representations and Warranties . The representations, warranties and covenants contained in Section 8 hereof shall survive the later of the date of execution and delivery of this Agreement or the issuance of the Award. 
 
 (j) Spousal Consent . As a condition to the Partnership s and the Company s obligations under this Agreement, the spouse of the Participant, if any, shall execute and deliver to the Partnership the Consent of Spouse attached hereto as Exhibit B . 
 
 (k) Fractional Units . For purposes of this Agreement, any fractional LTIP Units that vest or become entitled to distributions pursuant to the Partnership Agreement shall be rounded as determined by the Company or the Partnership; provided, however, that in no event shall such rounding cause the aggregate number of LTIP Units that vest or become entitled to such distributions to exceed the total number of LTIP Units set forth in Section 1 of this Agreement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 

SMARTSTOP SELF STORAGE REIT, INC. 
 
 By:	 						 
 Name: H. Michael Schwartz 
 Title: Chief Executive Officer 

SMARTSTOP OP, L.P. 
 By:	SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc., 
 its sole general partner 
 
 By:	 					 Name: H. Michael Schwartz Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 The Participant hereby accepts and agrees to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

____________________________ 
 [________] 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 9
 ck0001585389-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction of Formation 

SmartStop OP, L.P. 
 
 Delaware 

Excludes consolidated subsidiaries wholly-owned by SmartStop OP, L.P. carrying on the same line of business (the ownership of commercial real estate). A total of 153 subsidiaries have been excluded, each of which operates in the United States, other than 13 subsidiaries which operate in Canada. Also excludes other subsidiaries which, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of December 31, 2022. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 10
 ck0001585389-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. 
 Ladera Ranch, California 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-214848) and Form S-8 (No. 333-265639) of SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. of our report dated March 3, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 /s/ BDO USA, LLP 
 Costa Mesa, California 
 
 March 3, 2023 
 
 1 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 11
 ck0001585389-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, H. Michael Schwartz, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc.; 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a.	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b.	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c.	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d.	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.	The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a.	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b.	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ H. Michael Schwartz 

H. Michael Schwartz 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

1 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 12
 ck0001585389-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, James R. Barry, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc.; 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.	The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ James R. Barry 

James R. Barry 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

1 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 13
 ck0001585389-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc., or the Company, in connection with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report hereby certifies, to his knowledge, that: 
 (i) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ H. Michael Schwartz 

H. Michael Schwartz 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

1 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 14
 ck0001585389-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc., or the Company, in connection with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report hereby certifies, to his knowledge, that: 
 (i) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ James R. Barry 

James R. Barry 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

1 

</EX-32>

<EX-99>
 15
 ck0001585389-ex99_1.htm
 EX-99.1

EX-99 

Exhibit 99.1 
 CONSENT OF ROBERT A. STANGER CO., INC. 
 We consent to the references to our name, valuation methodologies, assumptions, and value conclusions of our report, dated December 6, 2022, prepared by us with respect to the valuation of the property portfolio of SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. (the Company ), comprised of (i) 156 wholly-owned properties and (ii) six properties held in unconsolidated joint ventures in which the Company held an ownership interest, which is contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated by reference in the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (SEC File No. 333-214848) and the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (SEC File No. 333- 265639). In giving this consent, we do not admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required by Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Sincerely, 

Robert A. Stanger Co., Inc. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Robert A. Stanger Co., Inc. 

Date: March 1, 2023 

</EX-99>

<EX-101.CAL>
 17
 ck0001585389-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 ck0001585389-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 ck0001585389-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 20
 ck0001585389-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.SCH>
 21
 ck0001585389-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

