<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230302_10-K_edgar_data_1653384_0000950170-23-005814.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>36100266</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>495536</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2727421</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>19114708</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4054308</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>8859830</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-005814.hdr.sgml : 20230302
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230302160330
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-005814
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230302
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230302

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Runway Growth Finance Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001653384
		IRS NUMBER:				475049745
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01180
		FILM NUMBER:		23698786

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		205 N. MICHIGAN AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4200
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60601
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(312) 281-6270

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		205 N. MICHIGAN AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4200
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60601

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Runway Growth Credit Fund Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170613

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GSV Growth Credit Fund Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150917

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-005814.txt : 20230302

10-K
 1
 rway-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State of incorporation) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

., , (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: 
 None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the Registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of the last day of the Registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately million based upon the last close price of 11.31 reported for such date on the Nasdaq Global Select Market LLC. 
 
 There were shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding as of March 2, 2023. 
 
 Auditor Firm ID: 		Auditor Name: 		Auditor Location: 

Table of Contents 

Table of Contents 
 RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART I. 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 24 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 58 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 58 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 58 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 59 

PART II. 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 60 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 
 63 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 64 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 81 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 83 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 134 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 134 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 135 

Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 
 136 

PART III. 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 138 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 138 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 138 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 138 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 138 

PART IV. 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 139 

Signatures 

143 

Table of Contents 
 PAR T I 
 Item 1. Business 
 Runway Growth Finance Corp. 
 Runway Growth Finance Corp. we, us, our, or the Company ), a Maryland corporation formed on August 31, 2015, is structured as an externally managed, non-diversified closed-end management investment company. On August 18, 2021, we changed our name to Runway Growth Finance Corp. from Runway Growth Credit Fund Inc. We are a specialty finance company focused on providing senior secured loans to high growth-potential companies in technology, life sciences, healthcare information and services, business services, select consumer services and products and other high-growth industries. Our goal is to create significant value for our stockholders, and the entrepreneurs we support, by providing high growth-potential companies with hybrid debt and equity financing that is more flexible than traditional credit and less dilutive than equity. Our investment objective is to maximize our total return to our stockholders primarily through current income on our loan portfolio, and secondarily through capital appreciation on our warrants and other equity positions. Our offices are in Chicago, Illinois; Woodside, California; San Diego, California; Dallas, Texas; and New York, New York. 
 We have elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the 1940 Act ). We have also elected to be treated as regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), currently qualify, and intend to continue to qualify for treatment as a RIC. While we intend to qualify to be treated as a RIC annually, no assurance can be provided that we will be able to maintain our tax treatment as a RIC. If we fail to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC for any taxable year, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates on any net taxable income for such year. See Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations and Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more information. 
 From the commencement of investment operations on December 16, 2016, through December 31, 2022, we funded 57 portfolio companies and invested 1.6 billion in debt investments. As of December 31, 2022, our debt investment portfolio consisted of 56 debt investments in 35 portfolio companies with an aggregate fair value of 1,094 million while our equity portfolio consisted of 48 warrant positions, three preferred stock positions and four common stock positions in 42 portfolio companies with an aggregate fair value of 32.5 million. As of December 31, 2022, 98.8 , or 1.08 billion, of our debt investment portfolio at fair value consisted of senior term loans. As of December 31, 2022, our net assets were 576.1 million, and all of our debt investments were secured by all or a portion of the tangible and intangible assets of the applicable portfolio company. The debt investments in our portfolio are generally not rated by any rating agency. If the individual debt investments in our portfolio were rated, they would be rated below investment grade. Debt investments that are unrated or rated below investment grade are sometimes referred to as junk bonds and have predominantly speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our debt investment portfolio had a dollar-weighted annualized yield of 13.71 . For the year ended December 31, 2021, our debt investment portfolio had a dollar-weighted annualized yield of 13.77 . For the year ended December 31, 2020, our debt investment portfolio had a dollar-weighted annualized yield of 14.91 . We calculate the yield on dollar-weighted debt investments for any period measured as (1) total related investment income during the period divided by (2) the daily average of the fair value of debt investments outstanding during the period. As of December 31, 2022, our debt investments had a dollar-weighted average outstanding term of 56 months at origination and a dollar-weighted average remaining term of 44 months, or approximately 3.7 years. As of December 31, 2022, substantially all of our debt investments had an original committed principal amount of between 6.0 million and 85.0 million, repayment terms of between 36 months and 62 months and pay cash interest at annual interest rates of between 5.69 and 15.79 . 
 4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The following table shows our dollar-weighted annualized yield by investment type for the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020: 

Fair Value (1) 
 
 Cost (2) 

Years Ended December 31, 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

Investment type: 

Debt investments 

13.71 

13.77 

14.91 

13.50 

13.52 

14.60 

Equity interest 

3.42 

2.68 

3.59 

3.28 

3.43 

3.45 

All investments 

13.22 

12.74 

13.88 

13.00 

12.78 

13.57 

(1) We calculate the dollar-weighted annualized yield on average investment type for any period as (a) total related investment income during the period divided by (b) the daily average of the fair value of the investment type outstanding during the period. The dollar-weighted annualized yield represents the portfolio yield and will be higher than what investors will realize because it does not reflect our expenses or any sales load paid by investors. 

(2) We calculate the dollar-weighted annualized yield on average investment type for any period as (a) total related investment income during the period divided by (b) the daily average of the investment type outstanding during the period, at amortized cost. The dollar-weighted annualized yield represents the portfolio yield and will be higher than what investors will realize because it does not reflect our expenses or any sales load paid by investors. 

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, as amended (the JOBS Act ). We could remain an emerging growth company until the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the closing of our IPO, which occurred on October 25, 2021, or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of 1.07 billion or more, (ii) December 31 of the fiscal year in which we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b 2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Exchange Act ), (which would occur if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700.0 million, measured as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, and we have been publicly reporting for at least 12 months), or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three-year period. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, we will be subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. 
 About RGC 
 We are externally managed by Runway Growth Capital LLC RGC or the Adviser ), an investment adviser that has registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Advisers Act ). Runway Administrator Services LLC (the Administrator ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of RGC, provides all administrative services necessary for us to operate. Subject to the overall supervision of our board of directors Board of Directors ), RGC manages our day-to-day operations and provides us with investment advisory services pursuant to an investment advisory agreement, as amended and restated (the Advisory Agreement ). Under the terms of the Advisory Agreement, RGC: 
 determines the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to the portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes; 

identifies, evaluates and negotiates the structure of the investments we make; 

executes, closes and monitors the investments we make; 

determines the securities and other assets that we will purchase, retain or sell; 

performs due diligence on prospective investments; and 

provides us with other such investment advisory, research and related services as we may, from time to time, reasonably require for the investment of our funds. 

Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, we pay RGC a fee for its investment advisory and management services consisting of two components: a base management fee and an incentive fee. The cost of both the base management fee and incentive fee are ultimately borne by our stockholders. See Note 8 Related Party Agreements and Transactions to our financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10 K for more information on the Advisory Agreement and the fee structure thereunder. 
 5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Payment of Our Expenses 
 All professionals of RGC, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and management services to us, and the compensation and routine overhead expenses of personnel allocable to these services to us, are provided and paid for by RGC and not by us. We bear all other out-of-pocket costs and expenses of our operations and transactions, including, without limitation, those relating to: 
 our pro-rata portion of fees and expenses related to an initial public offering in connection with a spin-off transaction; 

fees and expenses related to public and private offerings, sales and repurchases of the Company s securities; 

calculating our net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm); 

fees and expenses payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisers, in connection with monitoring financial and legal affairs for us and in providing administrative services, monitoring our investments and performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies or otherwise relating to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments; 

interest payable on debt incurred to finance our investments; 

sales and purchases of our common stock and other securities; 

investment advisory and management fees; 

administration fees payable under the administration agreement with the Administrator (the Administration Agreement 

transfer agent and custodial fees; 

federal and state registration fees; 

all costs of registration and listing our securities on any securities exchange; 

U.S. federal, state and local taxes; 

independent directors fees and expenses; 

costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents required by the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or other regulators; 

costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to stockholders, including printing costs; 

our allocable portion of any fidelity bond, directors and officers errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; 

direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors and outside legal costs; and 

all other expenses incurred by us, our Administrator or RGC in connection with administering our business, including payments under the amended and restated administration agreement (the Administration Agreement based on our allocable portion of our Administrator s overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent and the allocable portion of the cost of our Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Financial Officer and their respective staffs. 

Investment Committee 
 RGC s investment committee (the Investment Committee consists of R. David Spreng, who is its Chairman and Chief Investment Officer, as well as our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our Board of Directors, Thomas B. Raterman, RGC s Chief Financial Officer, and our Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, Greg Greifeld, Managing Director, Deputy Chief Investment Officer and Head of Credit at RGC, and Brian Laibow, OCM Growth Holdings, LLC s appointee. The Investment Committee meets regularly to consider our investments, review our strategic initiatives and supervise the actions taken by RGC on our behalf. In addition, the Investment Committee reviews and monitors the performance of our investment portfolio. Each investment must be approved by a majority of the Investment Committee. In addition, Mr. Spreng, as Chairman of the Investment Committee, has the right to veto the approval of any investment, and any investment by us that is outside of certain agreed upon investment criteria requires the affirmative vote of OCM Growth Holdings, LLC s appointee to the Investment Committee. See Oaktree Strategic Relationship below for more information. 
 6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Board Approval of the Advisory Agreement 
 Our Board of Directors, including a majority of the directors who were not interested persons, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act, of us or RGC, approved the Advisory Agreement at a virtual meeting on April 7, 2021 and recommended that our stockholders approve the Advisory Agreement. In reliance upon certain exemptive relief granted by the SEC in connection with the global COVID-19 pandemic, the Board of Directors undertook to ratify the Advisory Agreement at its next in-person meeting which was held in July 2021. The Advisory Agreement became effective on May 27, 2021 upon approval by the stockholders at a special meeting of stockholders of the Company. The Advisory Agreement amended the prior advisory agreement to include certain revisions to the management and incentive fee calculation mechanisms and clarify language relating to liquidity events. In its consideration of the approval of the Advisory Agreement, our Board of Directors focused on information it had received relating to, among other things: 
 the nature, quality and extent of the advisory and other services provided to us by RGC under the terms of the Advisory Agreement; 

our investment performance and the investment performance of RGC; 

comparative data with respect to advisory fees or similar expenses paid by other BDCs with similar investment objectives; 

information about the services being performed and the personnel performing such services under the Advisory Agreement; 

our projected operating expenses and expense ratio compared to BDCs with similar investment objectives, including expenses related to investment due diligence, travel and investigating and monitoring investments; 

any existing and potential sources of indirect income to RGC from its relationship with us and RGC s profitability; and 

the extent to which economies of scale would be realized as we grow and whether fee levels reflect these economies of scale for the benefit of our stockholders. 

Our Board of Directors did not quantify, rank or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors it considered in reaching its decision. Our Board of Directors did not undertake to make any specific determination as to whether any particular factor, or any aspect of any particular factor, was favorable or unfavorable to its ultimate determination. Rather, our Board of Directors based its approval on the totality of information presented to, and the investigation conducted by, it. In considering the factors discussed above, individual directors may have given different weights to different factors. Based on its review of the above-mentioned factors and discussion of the Advisory Agreement, our Board of Directors approved the Advisory Agreement as being in our and our stockholders best interests and recommended that our stockholders approve the Advisory Agreement as well. 
 Duration and Termination 
 Unless terminated earlier as described below, the Advisory Agreement will continue automatically for successive annual periods provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (i) (A) the affirmative vote of a majority of our Board of Directors or (B) the affirmative vote of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, and (ii) the affirmative vote of a majority of our directors who are not interested persons, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act, of us, RGC or our respective affiliates. The Advisory Agreement automatically terminates in the event of its assignment, as defined in the 1940 Act, and may be terminated, without penalty, upon not more than 60 days written notice, by (i) the affirmative vote of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, (ii) the affirmative vote of a majority of our Board of Directors, including a majority of our directors who are not interested persons, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act, of us, RGC or our respective affiliates, or (iii) RGC. See Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and Structure RGC and our Administrator have the right to resign upon not more than 60 days notice, and we may not be able to find a suitable replacement for either within that time, or at all, resulting in a disruption in our operations that could adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10 K. 
 About Our Administrator 
 We have entered into the Administration Agreement with our Administrator, a wholly-owned subsidiary of RGC, pursuant to which our Administrator is responsible for furnishing us with office facilities and equipment and provides us with clerical, bookkeeping, recordkeeping and other administrative services at such facilities. Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, we pay our Administrator an amount equal to our allocable portion (subject to the review of our Board of Directors) of our Administrator s overhead resulting from its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent and the allocable portion of the cost of our Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Financial Officer and their respective staffs associated with performing compliance functions. 
 7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Oaktree Strategic Relationship 
 In December 2016, we and RGC entered into a strategic relationship with Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. Oaktree ). Oaktree is a leading global alternative investment management firm with expertise in credit strategies. The firm was formed in 1995 by a group of individuals who had been investing together since the mid 1980s in high yield bonds, convertible securities, distressed debt, real estate, control investments and listed equities. Oaktree is a leader among global investment managers specializing in alternative investments, with 170.0 billion in assets under management as of December 31, 2022. The firm emphasizes an opportunistic, value-oriented and risk-controlled approach to investments in credit, private equity, real assets and listed equities. The firm has over 1,050 employees and offices in 20 cities worldwide. 
 In connection with the strategic relationship, OCM Growth Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company OCM managed by Oaktree, purchased an aggregate of 14,571,334 shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 219.3 million in our Initial Private Offering and our Second Private Offering (the OCM Commitment ). As of December 31, 2022, OCM owns 21,129,668 shares of our common stock or 52 of our total issued and outstanding shares. OCM has granted a proxy to us pursuant to which the shares held by OCM will be voted in the same proportion as our other stockholders vote their shares. 
 In connection with the OCM Commitment, we entered into a stockholder agreement, dated December 15, 2016, with OCM, pursuant to which OCM has a right to nominate a member of our Board of Directors for election for so long as OCM holds shares of our common stock in an amount equal to, in the aggregate, at least one-third (33 of OCM s initial 125.0 million capital commitment. Brian Laibow, Co-Head of North America Managing Director of Oaktree's Global Opportunities Funds, serves on our Board of Directors as OCM s director nominee and is considered an interested director. OCM also holds a minority interest in RGC and has the right to appoint a member of RGC s board of managers and a member of the Investment Committee. Brian Laibow is OCM s appointee to RGC s board of managers and Investment Committee. OCM also purchased additional equity in RGC in connection with its commitment to the Company. 
 Investment Strategy and Approach 
 Our investment objective is to maximize our total return to our stockholders primarily through current income on our loan portfolio, and secondarily through capital appreciation on our warrants and other equity positions. We invest in senior secured term loans and other senior debt obligations and may on occasion invest in second lien loans. We have and continue to expect to acquire warrants and other equity securities from portfolio companies in connection with our investments in loans to these companies. 
 We focus on lending to late and growth stage companies in technology, life sciences, healthcare information and services, business services, select consumer services and products and other high-growth industries. 
 We are typically the sole lender to our portfolio companies and do not actively syndicate the loans we originate to other lenders nor do we participate in syndications built by other lenders. 
 We originate our investments through two strategies: Sponsored Growth Lending and Non-Sponsored Growth Lending. In addition to our core strategy of providing Sponsored Growth Lending and Non-Sponsored Growth Lending, we may also opportunistically participate in the secondary markets for investments that are consistent with our broader investment strategy. 
 We seek to construct a balanced portfolio with diversification among sponsored and non-sponsored transactions, diversification among sponsors within the Sponsored Growth Lending strategy, diversification among industry, geography, and stage of development, all contributing to a favorable risk adjusted return for the portfolio viewed as a whole. Borrowers tend to use the proceeds of our financings to invest in sales and marketing, expand capacity of the overall business or refinance existing debt. 
 Sponsored Growth Lending. Our Sponsored Growth Lending generally includes loans to late and growth stage companies that are already backed by established venture capital and private equity firms. Our Sponsored Growth Lending strategy typically includes the receipt of warrants and/or other equity from the venture-backed companies. 
 8 
 
 Table of Contents 
 We believe that our Sponsored Growth Lending strategy is particularly attractive because the loans we make typically have higher investment yields relative to lending to larger, more mature companies and usually include additional equity upside potential. We believe our Sponsored Growth Lending strategy: 
 provides us access to many high-quality companies backed by top-tier venture capital and private equity investors; 

delivers consistent returns through double-digit loan yields; and 

often offers us the ability to participate in equity upside of portfolio companies through the acquisition of warrants. 

Non-Sponsored Growth Lending . Our Non-Sponsored Growth Lending strategy generally includes loans to late and growth stage, private companies that are funded directly by entrepreneurs and founders, or companies that no longer require institutional equity investment (which may selectively include publicly traded companies). We refer to these target borrowers as non-sponsored growth companies . 
 Generally, financing available to these non-sponsored companies is predicated on the underlying value of the business s assets, in can orderly liquidation scenario, and/or the entrepreneur s own personal financial resources. These options frequently provide insufficient capital to fund growth plans and do not consider the underlying enterprise value of the business which may be substantial relative to the value of tangible assets deployed in the business. We are frequently the only senior lender to non-sponsored growth companies and evaluate business fundamentals, the commitment of the entrepreneur and secondary sources of repayment in our underwriting approach. 
 Exemptive Relief 
 As a BDC, we are generally limited in our ability to invest in any portfolio company in which RGC or any of its affiliates currently has an investment or to make any co-investments with our investment adviser or its affiliates without an exemptive order from the SEC, subject to certain exceptions. On August 10, 2020, we, RGC, and certain other funds and accounts sponsored or managed by RGC were granted an exemptive order (the Order that permits us greater flexibility than the 1940 Act permits to negotiate the terms of co-investments if our Board of Directors determines that it would be advantageous for us to co-invest with other accounts sponsored or managed by RGC or its affiliates in a manner consistent with the our investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors. We believe that the ability to co-invest with similar investment structures and accounts sponsored or managed by RGC or its affiliates will provide additional investment opportunities and the ability to achieve greater diversification. Under the terms of the Order, a majority of our independent directors are required to make certain determinations in connection with a co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the proposed transaction are reasonable and fair to us and our stockholders and do not involve overreaching of us or our stockholders on the part of any person concerned and (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of our stockholders and is consistent with our investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors. 
 On August 30, 2022, we received an amendment to our existing Order to permit us to, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, co-invest in our existing portfolio companies with certain affiliates that are private funds even if such other funds had not previously invested in such existing portfolio company. Without this amended Order, such affiliated funds that are private funds would not be able to participate in such co-investments with us unless the affiliated funds had previously acquired securities of the portfolio company in a co-investment transaction with us. 
 Market Opportunity 
 We believe that the market environment is favorable for us to continue to pursue an investment strategy primarily focused on late stage and high-growth companies in technology, life sciences, healthcare information and services, business services, select consumer services and products and other high-growth industries. 
 9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Focus on Innovative Companies Across a Variety of High-Growth Industries 
 Diversified high growth-potential industries: We target companies active in industries that support high growth-potential. Our Sponsored Growth Lending strategy is focused on the largest industry sectors where venture capital investors are active, primarily technology, life sciences, healthcare information and services, business services, select consumer services and products and other high-growth industries. These industries continued growth is supported mostly by ongoing innovation and performance improvements in specific products as well as the adoption of innovative technologies and services across virtually all industries in response to competitive pressures. Term debt has been a loan product used by many of the largest, most successful venture-backed companies. 
 Sponsored and Non-Sponsored Growth Lending Represents an Attractive Source of Funding 
 Sponsored Growth Lending: An attractive market opportunity exists for a lender that invests in secured loans to late and growth stage companies that have not yet achieved profitability. Sponsored growth lending provides an attractive source of funds for venture-backed companies, their management teams, and their equity capital investors, as it: 
 is typically less dilutive and complements equity financing from venture capital and private equity funds; 

often extends the time period during which a company can operate before seeking additional equity capital or pursuing a sale transaction or other liquidity event; and 

generally allows companies to better match cash sources with uses. 

Non-Sponsored Growth Lending: An attractive market opportunity exists for a lender that invests in secured loans to late and growth stage companies that have reached profitability and need long-term growth capital but do not want the challenges that come with selling equity to venture capital or private equity firms. Non-Sponsored Growth Lending often provides all or some of the following benefits to our borrowers: 
 access to growth capital without the requirement to take on institutional-size investments that may exceed the company s capital requirements; 

tax deductible interest payments; 

no significant operational involvement; 

no personal guarantees; 

very modest dilution, if any; and 

no loss of managerial control or forced redemption. 

Large and Growing Market for Debt Financing to Venture Capital-Backed Companies 
 Healthy, stable venture environment: Approximately 15,000 companies received venture capital financing in 2022, according to the Pitchbook-NVCA Venture Monitor, a quarterly report published jointly by NVCA and Pitchbook on venture capital activity Pitchbook-NVCA ), and approximately 9.8 of these transactions were first-round financings. Since 2006, the annual level of venture deal volume has increased to and is at about 238 billion of total volume in 2022. The significant increase in investment amounts beginning in 2014 through 2022 is largely the result of growth investments in later-stage companies that are staying private longer. The venture debt lending market, as defined in the Q4 2022 Pitchbook-NVCA Venture Monitor, is estimated at 31.8 billion or roughly 13.3 of total U.S. venture capital deal value. 
 Growing pool of target companies: The average time from initial venture capital investment to transaction exit of such investment, either by an initial public offering or merger and acquisition transaction, has lengthened considerably. According to the Pitchbook-NVCA 2016 Yearbook, in 1998 the average number of years from initial venture investment to initial public offering of a U.S. venture capital-backed company was 3.1 years and the average number of years from initial venture investment to merger and acquisition transaction was 4.5 years. These numbers have steadily increased and have ranged between 6.0 years and 6.3 years from 2017 through 2020. According to the Q4 2022 Pitchbook-NVCA Venture Monitor, the current average time from initial venture investment to exit transaction is now 6.3 years. Exit transactions are a small proportion of companies financed by venture capital each year. As a result, the pool of target companies has grown larger with increased demand for private capital. 
 10 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Highly Fragmented, Underserved Market with High Barriers to Entry 
 Many viable venture-backed companies have been unable to obtain sufficient growth financing from traditional lenders, such as commercial banks or asset-based finance companies, because traditional lenders normally underwrite to tangible asset values and/or operating cash flows. If such firms do provide financing, their loans normally contain financial performance covenants stipulating tangible asset coverage or setting standards of operating performance that do not apply to our target companies. Because sponsored growth lending and non-sponsored growth lending require specialized underwriting and investment structures that fit the distinct characteristics of venture-backed companies and non-sponsored growth companies, more traditional lending approaches largely do not apply to these companies. We also believe that our relationship-based approach to investing helps us to assess and manage investment risks and determine appropriate pricing for our debt investments in portfolio companies. 
 Competitive Advantages 
 We believe we are well positioned to address the market for growth lending in a manner that will result in a competitive advantage over other established sponsored growth lenders. We believe our competitive strengths and key differentiators include: 
 Experienced, Proven Management Team Supported by a Deep Bench of Dedicated Investment Professionals 
 The senior investment professionals of RGC have over 30 years of experience as venture capitalists and lenders who have developed a disciplined, repeatable approach to investing and managing investments in high potential growth businesses. We believe that the experience, relationships and disciplined investment and risk management processes of RGC s investment professionals are a competitive advantage for us. 
 Our President and Chief Executive Officer, David Spreng, who is also the founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of RGC, has a unique combination of experience as a senior executive of a 20 billion asset management firm and over 30 years as a venture capital equity and debt investor. Mr. Spreng has been a leader in applying risk management processes to investing in equity and debt of small, fast-growing, private companies. Our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officers, Treasurer and Secretary, Thomas Raterman, who is also Chief Financial Officer of RGC, has more than 30 years of corporate finance, investment banking, private equity and financial executive management experience with rapidly growing entrepreneurial companies. Greg Greifeld, Managing Director, Deputy Chief Investment Officer and Head of Credit at RGC, has over 13 years of lending, venture capital, and investment management experience. 
 RGC has a broad team of professionals focused on every aspect of the investment life cycle. RGC has origination, underwriting and portfolio monitoring teams that manage and oversee the investment process from identification of investment opportunity through negotiations of final term sheet and investment in a portfolio company followed by active portfolio monitoring. The team members serving investment management and oversight functions have significant operating experience and are not associated with origination functions to avoid any biased views of performance. This structure helps originators focus on identifying investment opportunities while other team members continue building relationships with our portfolio companies. 
 Provide Capital to Robust, High-Growth Venture-backed Companies 
 We believe we are favorably positioned within the venture lending ecosystem, targeting primarily growth focused technology and life sciences companies. We believe the technology and life sciences industries are among the most attractive industries within the venture lending space, primarily representing large, addressable markets with strong and consistent growth. According to the Q4 2022 Pitchbook-NVCA Venture Monitor and Pitchbook-NVCA industry classifications, venture capital deal volume for technology totaled approximately 203.6 billion in 2022, representing an 18.1 CAGR from 2012 to 2022. Venture capital deal volume for life sciences totaled approximately 42.1 billion in 2022, representing a 14.5 CAGR from 2012 to 2022. We believe companies within these industries can often be characterized as having asset-light business models, attractive recurring revenue streams and strong growth trajectories. 
 11 
 
 Table of Contents 
 We invest across industries to diversify risk and deliver more stable returns. The investment professionals at RGC have extensive experience investing in the industries on which we focus, including technology, life sciences, healthcare information and services, business services, select consumer services and products and other high-growth industries. Our ability to invest across diverse industries is supported by our Sponsored Growth Lending strategy and relationships with leading venture firms, who are generally industry experts in the areas in which they invest. We are able to leverage our relationships across equity providers, lenders, and advisers to source deals within the venture industry. 
 We believe we are able to access opportunities to finance companies that are both backed by venture capital sponsors as well as through direct lead generation and other relationships. While many growth lenders focus solely on sponsored lending, we believe we are differentiated in our approach by offering both sponsored growth lending and non-sponsored growth lending that are secured by the assets of many of the most dynamic, innovative and fastest growing companies in the United States. 
 Robust Disciplined Investment Process and Credit Analysis 
 RGC s senior investment professionals draw upon their substantial experience, including operating, lending, venture capital and growth investing, to manage the underwriting investment process. Credit analysis, which is a fundamental part of our investment process, is driven by our credit-first philosophy and utilizes the core competencies the team has developed. A strong assessment of underwriting transactions often enables development of structure and pricing terms to win deals and produce strong returns for risks taken versus other lenders that take a more formulaic approach to the business. 
 We believe the focused and disciplined approach that RGC applies to our lending strategy enables us to deliver strong, consistent returns to our investors. Our debt portfolio is 98.8 first lien senior secured. Of our 2.3 billion total commitments since inception, our cumulative gross loss rate, as a percentage of total commitments since inception, has been 0.66 and our net losses, as a percentage of total commitments since inception, has been 0.00 . At the point of origination, our portfolio companies have raised on average 108.9 million of equity proceeds relative to our average loan size of 26.9 million. To achieve this, we do not follow an index strategy or a narrowly focused approach, and we do not lend only to those companies that are backed by a specific set of sponsors. We believe that careful selection among many opportunities will yield the optimal portfolio results within both sponsored and non-sponsored lending opportunities - although we do expect the sponsored segment to represent the majority of the portfolio for foreseeable future. 
 We maintain rigorous underwriting, monitoring and risk management processes across our portfolio, which is underpinned by our two main lending principles, first the ability to price risk and second the ability to measure and track enterprise value. Our investment process differs from many of our competitors in that we have a dedicated credit team, separate from the origination team, that manages the underwriting process. Unlike many of our competitors, we underwrite the company and the loan separately and spend significant time analyzing the enterprise value of the company and potential upside from the equity component of the transaction. 
 Proprietary Risk Analytics and Return Optimization. 
 Over the past 20 years, RGC s senior investment professionals have iterated upon and built out an extensive due diligence process, which has resulted in the proprietary risk analysis used today. Mr. Spreng has overseen the development of a risk management model that helps to identify, analyze and mitigate risk within individual portfolio companies in the venture capital space. The model utilized by us today examines a consistent set of more than 30 quantitative and qualitative variables in four main risk areas (market, technology, management and financing) to generate a composite risk ranking for each portfolio company. 
 Flexible, Opportunity-Specific Pricing and Structure 
 RGC s comprehensive analysis assesses all factors and does not rely on any one criterion above or more than others. For example, we do not seek to provide financing to every early-stage company backed by top-tier venture firms, but only to those companies that, in our opinion, possess the most favorable risk and return characteristics for our investments. We seek to understand the attractiveness of each opportunity on its own merits. The quality of the venture investors involved is important, but it is only one component of our decision-making process. Within our Non-Sponsored Growth Lending strategy, we expect that many companies will have positive EBITDA but have been unable to access sufficient capital to fund current growth opportunities. We believe that gaining a comprehensive picture of an opportunity based on RGC s defined assessment factors allows us to be more flexible, to identify price and structure inefficiencies in the debt market, better support our portfolio companies, and to maximize loan and warrant returns, while minimizing losses. In our Sponsored and Non-Sponsored Growth Lending strategies, we target our loan to be less than 25 of enterprise value at inception. 
 12 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Strong Reputation and Deep Relationships 
 RGC s senior investment professionals enjoy reputations as innovative thought leaders, ingrained in the fabric of the venture community. RGC s senior investment professionals have been active in venture capital investing, private lending, growth equity investing, corporate finance, and investment banking for more than 25 years and are viewed as trustworthy partners to both management and venture investors as well as entrepreneurs. Our investment professionals experience has often encouraged private companies to work with a lender that can manage challenges and deviations from plans that often arise in developing companies. 
 RGC s senior investment professionals also have established a network of relationships with various venture capital firms, venture banks, institutional investors, entrepreneurs and other venture capital market participants, which has allowed RGC to develop a variety of channels for investment originations and referrals. These investment professionals maintain ongoing dialogue with a number of venture capital firms across the country, leverage a suite of technologies to identify potential borrowers and often seek to be the first contact for new investment opportunities. 
 In addition, our strategic relationship with Oaktree provides us with access to additional resources and relationships that are incremental to our already broad network of venture backed companies and venture capital sponsors. 
 Competition 
 Our primary competitors for investments include public and private funds, other BDCs, commercial and investment banks, venture-oriented commercial banks, commercial financing companies and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity and hedge funds. Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, we believe some competitors may have access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC or to the distribution and other requirements we must satisfy to qualify and maintain our qualification as a RIC. We do not compete primarily on the financing terms we offer and believe that some competitors make loans with rates that are comparable to or lower than our rates. For additional information concerning the competitive risks we face, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Structure We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities and we may not be able to compete effectively. in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10 K. 
 Staffing 
 We do not currently have any employees. R. David Spreng, our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our Board of Directors, is also the founder, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of RGC. Thomas B. Raterman is our Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Treasurer, and Secretary, and serves as the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of RGC. Our Chief Financial Officer performs his functions for us under the terms of our Administration Agreement. We have also retained Colleen Corwell of ACA Group to serve as our Chief Compliance Officer pursuant to an agreement with ACA Group. Ms. Corwell also serves as the Chief Compliance Officer for RGC. 
 Our day-to-day investment and administrative operations are managed by RGC and our Administrator. The Investment Committee is supported by a team of additional experienced investment professionals. RGC and our Administrator may hire additional investment and administrative professionals in the future to provide services to us, based upon our needs. 
 In addition, we reimburse the Administrator for its costs and expenses and our allocable portion of overhead incurred by it in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including compensation paid to or compensatory distributions received by our officers (including our Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Financial Officer) and any of their respective staff who provide services to us, operations staff who provide services to us, and any internal audit staff, to the extent internal audit performs a role in our internal control assessment under Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). 
 Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company 
 We currently are, and expect to remain, an emerging growth company, as that term is used in the JOBS Act until the earliest of: 
 the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the closing of our IPO, which occurred on October 25, 2021; 

13 
 
 Table of Contents 
 the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues are equal to or greater than 1.07 billion; 

the date on which we have, during the preceding three-year period, issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt; and 

the date that we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b 2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700.0 million as of any June 30. 

Under the JOBS Act, we are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which would require that our independent registered public accounting firm provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This may increase the risk that material weaknesses or other deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting go undetected. See Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10 K Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Structure We are obligated to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting. Failure to achieve and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect on our business and the value of our common stock. 
 Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 
 The following discussion is a general summary of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to us and to an investment in shares of our common stock. This discussion is based on the provisions of the Code and the regulations of the U.S. Department of Treasury promulgated thereunder, or Treasury regulations, each as in effect as of the date of this Form 10 K. 
 These provisions are subject to differing interpretations and change by legislative or administrative action, and any change may be retroactive. This discussion does not constitute a detailed explanation of all U.S. federal income tax aspects affecting us and our stockholders and does not purport to deal with the U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be important to particular stockholders in light of their individual investment circumstances or to some types of stockholders subject to special tax rules, such as financial institutions, broker dealers, insurance companies, tax-exempt organizations, partnerships or other pass-through entities, persons holding our common stock in connection with a hedging, straddle, conversion or other integrated transaction, non-U.S. stockholders (as defined below) engaged in a trade or business in the United States, persons who have ceased to be U.S. citizens or to be taxed as resident aliens or individual non-U.S. stockholders present in the United States for 183 days or more during a taxable year. This discussion also does not address any aspects of U.S. estate or gift tax or foreign, state or local tax. This discussion assumes that our stockholders hold their shares of our common stock as capital assets for U.S. federal income tax purposes (generally, assets held for investment). No ruling has been or will be sought from the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS regarding any matter discussed herein. 
 A U.S. stockholder is a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: 
 an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; 

a corporation (or another entity taxable as a corporation) created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; 

an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or 

a trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary jurisdiction over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust. 

A non-U.S. stockholder means a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes neither a U.S. stockholder nor partnership. 
 If a partnership or other entity classified as a partnership, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, holds our shares, the U.S. tax treatment of the partnership and each partner generally will depend on the status of the partner, the activities of the partnership and certain determinations made at the partner level. A partnership considering an investment in our common stock should consult its own tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of shares by the partnership. 
 14 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Taxation of the Company 
 We have elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, and currently qualify and intend to continue to qualify for treatment as a RIC. As a RIC, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains that we timely distribute to our stockholders as dividends. 
 To qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things: 
 meet the Annual Distribution Requirement (defined below); 

derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities loans, gains from the sale or other disposition of stock, securities or foreign currencies, other income derived with respect to our business of investing in stock, securities or currencies, or net income derived from an interest in a qualified publicly traded partnership, or QPTP, hereinafter the 90 Gross Income Test; and 

diversify our holdings so that, at the end of each quarter of each taxable year; 

at least 50 of the value of our total assets is represented by cash and cash items, U.S. Government securities, the securities of other RICs and other securities, with other securities limited, in respect of any one issuer, to an amount not greater than 5 of the value of our total assets and not more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of such issuer; and 

not more than 25 of the value of our total assets is invested in the securities of any issuer (other than U.S. Government securities and the securities of other RICs), the securities of any two or more issuers that we control and that are determined to be engaged in the same business or similar or related trades or businesses (other than the securities of other RICs), or the securities of one or more QPTPs, or the Diversification Tests. 

In the case of a RIC that furnishes capital to development corporations, there is an exception relating to the Diversification Tests described above. This exception is available only to RICs which the SEC determines to be principally engaged in the furnishing of capital to other corporations which are principally engaged in the development or exploitation of inventions, technological improvements, new processes, or products not previously generally available SEC Certification ). We have not sought SEC Certification, but it is possible that we may seek SEC Certification in future years. If we receive SEC Certification, we generally will be entitled to include, in the computation of the 50 value of our assets (described above), the value of any securities of an issuer, whether or not we own more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer, if the basis of the securities, when added to our basis of any other securities of the issuer that we own, does not exceed 5 of the value of our total assets. 
 As a RIC, we must distribute an amount equal to at least the sum of (i) 90 of our investment company taxable income (which includes, among other items, dividends, interest and the excess of any net realized short-term capital gains over net realized long-term capital losses and other taxable income (other than any net capital gain), reduced by deductible expenses) determined without regard to the deduction for dividends and distributions paid and (ii) 90 of our net tax-exempt interest income (which is the excess of our gross tax-exempt interest income over certain disallowed deductions), or the Annual Distribution Requirement. We intend to distribute annually all or substantially all of such income. Generally, if we fail to meet this Annual Distribution Requirement for any taxable year, we will fail to qualify as a RIC for such taxable year. To the extent we meet the Annual Distribution Requirement for a taxable year, but retain our net capital gains for investment or any investment company taxable income, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on such retained capital gains and investment company taxable income. We may choose to retain our net capital gains for investment or any investment company taxable income, and pay the associated U.S. federal income tax, including any nondeductible 4 U.S. federal excise tax described below, if applicable. 
 We are subject to a nondeductible 4 U.S. federal excise tax on certain of our undistributed income, unless we timely distribute (or are deemed to have timely distributed) an amount equal to the sum of: 
 at least 98 of our ordinary income (not taking into account any capital gains or losses) for the calendar year; 

at least 98.2 of our capital gain net income for a one-year period generally ending on October 31 of the calendar year (unless an election is made by us to use our taxable year); and 

any net ordinary income and capital gain net income that we recognized for preceding years, but were not distributed during such years, and on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax. 

15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 While we intend to distribute any income and capital gains in order to avoid imposition of this nondeductible 4 U.S. federal excise tax, we may not be successful in avoiding entirely the imposition of this tax. In that case, we will be liable for the tax only on the amount by which we do not meet the foregoing distribution requirement. 
 We are authorized to borrow funds and to sell assets in order to satisfy distribution requirements. However, under the 1940 Act, we are not permitted to make distributions to our stockholders while any senior securities are outstanding unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios. See Regulation as a Business Development Company Senior Securities. Moreover, our ability to dispose of assets to meet our distribution requirements may be limited by (1) the illiquid nature of our portfolio and/or (2) other requirements relating to our status as a RIC, including the Diversification Tests. If we dispose of assets in order to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement or to avoid the 4 U.S. federal excise tax, we may make such dispositions at times that, from an investment standpoint, are not advantageous. 
 A RIC is limited in its ability to deduct expenses in excess of its investment company taxable income (which is, generally, ordinary income plus the excess of net short-term capital gains over net long-term capital losses). If our expenses in a given year exceed investment company taxable income, we would experience a net operating loss for that year. However, a RIC is not permitted to carry forward net operating losses to subsequent years. In addition, expenses can be used only to offset investment company taxable income, not net capital gain. Due to these limits on the deductibility of expenses, we may, for tax purposes, have aggregate taxable income for several years that we are required to distribute and that is taxable to our stockholders even if such income is greater than the aggregate net income we actually earned during those years. Such required distributions may be made from our cash assets or by liquidation of investments, if necessary. We may realize gains or losses from such liquidations. In the event we realize net capital gains from such transactions, stockholders may receive a larger capital gain distribution than they would have received in the absence of such transactions. 
 Failure to Qualify as a RIC 
 While we have elected to be treated as a RIC and intend to qualify to be treated as a RIC annually, no assurance can be provided that we will qualify for tax treatment as a RIC for any taxable year. If we fail to satisfy the 90 Gross Income Test or the Diversification Tests for any taxable year, we may nevertheless continue to qualify as a RIC for such year if certain relief provisions are applicable (which may, among other things, require us to pay certain U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates or to dispose of certain assets). If we were unable to qualify for treatment as a RIC and the foregoing relief provisions are not applicable, we would be subject to tax on all of our taxable income at regular corporate rates, regardless of whether we make any distributions to our stockholders. Distributions would not be required, and any distributions would be taxable to our stockholders as ordinary dividend income that, may qualify as qualified dividends that are subject to U.S. federal income tax at a rate of 20 to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits provided certain holding period and other requirements were met. Subject to certain limitations under the Code, corporate distributees may be eligible for the dividends-received deduction. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital that would reduce the stockholder's adjusted tax basis in its common stock (and correspondingly increase such stockholder's gain, or reduce such stockholder's loss, on disposition of such common stock), and any remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain. 
 To requalify as a RIC in a subsequent taxable year, we would be required to satisfy the RIC qualification requirements for that year and dispose of any earnings and profits from any year in which we failed to qualify as a RIC. Subject to a limited exception applicable to RICs that qualified as such under Subchapter M of the Code for at least one year prior to disqualification and that requalify as a RIC no later than the second year following the non-qualifying year, we could be subject to tax on any unrealized net built-in gains in the assets held by us during the period in which we failed to qualify as a RIC that are recognized within the subsequent five years, unless we made a special election to pay U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates on such built-in gain at the time of our requalification as a RIC. 
 The remainder of this discussion assumes that we qualify as a RIC for each taxable year. 
 Company Investments 
 Certain of our investment practices are subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things, (i) disallow, suspend or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions, including the dividends received deduction, (ii) convert lower taxed long-term capital gains and qualified dividend income into higher taxed short-term capital gains or ordinary income, (iii) convert ordinary loss or a deduction into capital loss (the deductibility of which is more limited), (iv) cause us to recognize 
 16 
 
 Table of Contents 
 income or gain without a corresponding receipt of cash, (v) adversely affect the time as to when a purchase or sale of stock or securities is deemed to occur, (vi) adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial transactions and (vii) produce income that will not qualify as good income for purposes of the 90 Gross Income Test. We monitor our transactions and may make certain tax elections and may be required to borrow money or dispose of securities to mitigate the effect of these rules and to prevent disqualification of us as a RIC but there can be no assurance that we will be successful in this regard. 
 Debt Instruments. In certain circumstances, we may be required to recognize taxable income prior to the time at which we receive cash. For example, if we hold debt instruments that are treated under applicable tax rules as having original issue discount (such as debt instruments with an end-of-term payment and/or payment-in-kind PIK interest payment or, in certain cases, increasing interest rates or issued with warrants), we must include in taxable income each year a portion of the original issue discount that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. Because any original issue discount accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the year of accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement and to avoid the 4 U.S. federal excise tax, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. 
 Warrants. Gain or loss realized by us from the sale or exchange of warrants acquired by us as well as any loss attributable to the lapse of such warrants generally are treated as capital gain or loss. The treatment of such gain or loss as long-term or short-term generally depends on how long we held a particular warrant and on the nature of the disposition transaction. 
 Foreign Investments. In the event we invest in foreign securities, we may be subject to withholding and other foreign taxes with respect to those securities. We do not expect to satisfy the requirement to pass through to our stockholders their share of the foreign taxes paid by us. 
 Passive Foreign Investment Companies. We may invest in the stock of a foreign corporation which is classified as a passive foreign investment company (within the meaning of Section 1297 of the Code), or PFIC. As a result, we may be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a portion of any excess distribution or gain from the disposition of such shares. Additional charges in the nature of interest may be imposed on us in respect of deferred taxes arising from such distributions or gains. This additional tax and interest may apply even if we make a distribution in an amount equal to any excess distribution or gain from the disposition of such shares as a taxable dividend by us to our shareholders. If we invest in a PFIC and elect to treat the PFIC as a qualified electing fund under the Code (a QEF ), in lieu of the foregoing requirements, we will be required to include in income each year a portion of the ordinary earnings and net capital gain of the QEF, even if such income is not distributed to us. Alternatively, we can elect to mark-to-market at the end of each taxable year our shares in a PFIC; in this case, we will recognize as ordinary income any increase in the value of such shares, and as ordinary loss any decrease in such value to the extent it does not exceed prior increases included in income. Under either election, we may be required to recognize in a year income in excess of our distributions from PFICs and our proceeds from dispositions of PFIC stock during that year, and such income will nevertheless be subject to the Annual Distribution Requirement and will be taken into account for purposes of the 4 U.S. federal excise tax. No assurances can be given that any such election will be available or that, if available, we will make such an election. 
 Controlled Foreign Corporations . If we hold more than 10 of the shares in a foreign corporation that is treated as a controlled foreign corporation, or CFC, we may be treated as receiving a deemed distribution (taxable as ordinary income) each year from such foreign corporation in an amount equal to our pro rata share of the corporation s income for the tax year (including both ordinary earnings and capital gains), whether or not the corporation makes an actual distribution during such year. In general, a foreign corporation will be classified as a CFC if more than 50 of the shares of the corporation, measured by reference to combined voting power or value, is owned (directly, indirectly or by attribution) by U.S. shareholders. A U.S. shareholder, for this purpose, is any U.S. person that possesses (actually or constructively) 10 or more of the combined voting power or 10 or more of the total value of all classes of shares of a corporation. If we are treated as receiving a deemed distribution from a CFC, we will be required to include such distribution in our investment company taxable income regardless of whether we receive any actual distributions from such CFC, and we must distribute such income to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement and will the income be taken into account for purposes of the 4 excise tax. 
 Income inclusions from a QEF or CFC will be good income for purposes of the 90 Gross Income Test provided that they are derived in connection with our business of investing in stocks and securities or the QEF or CFC distributes such income to us in the same taxable year to which the income is included in our income. 
 17 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Foreign Currency Transactions. Under the Code, gains or losses attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates which occur between the time we accrue income or other receivables or accrue expenses or other liabilities denominated in a foreign currency and the time we actually collect such receivables or pay such liabilities generally are treated as ordinary income or loss. Similarly, on disposition of debt instruments and certain other instruments denominated in a foreign currency, gains or losses attributable to fluctuations if the value of the foreign currency between the date of acquisition of the instrument and the date of disposition also are treated as ordinary gain or loss. These currency fluctuations related gains and losses may increase or decrease the amount of our investment company taxable income to be distributed to our stockholders as ordinary income. 
 Regulation as a Business Development Company 
 General 
 We have elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. A BDC must be organized in the United States for the purpose of investing in or lending to primarily private companies and making significant managerial assistance available to them. A BDC may use capital provided by stockholders and from other sources to make long-term, private investments in businesses. A BDC provides stockholders the ability to retain the liquidity of a publicly traded stock while sharing in the possible benefits, if any, of investing in primarily privately-owned companies. 
 We may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC unless authorized by vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities, as required by the 1940 Act. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company is defined under the 1940 Act as the lesser of: (a) 67 or more of such company s voting securities present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company are present or represented by proxy, or (b) more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company. We do not anticipate any substantial change in the nature of our business. 
 As with other companies regulated by the 1940 Act, a BDC must adhere to certain substantive regulatory requirements. A majority of our directors must be persons who are not interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. Additionally, we are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect the BDC. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or our stockholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 
 As a BDC, we are generally required to meet an asset coverage ratio, defined under the 1940 Act as the ratio of our gross assets (less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities) to our outstanding senior securities, of at least 200 after each issuance of senior securities. However, the 1940 Act has been modified to allow a BDC to increase the maximum amount of leverage it may incur from an asset coverage ratio of 200 to an asset coverage ratio of 150 if certain requirements are met. We are permitted to increase our leverage capacity if stockholders representing at least a majority of the votes cast, at an annual or special meeting at which quorum is met, approve a proposal to do so. If we receive such stockholder approval, we would be permitted to increase our leverage capacity on the first day after such approval. Alternatively, we may increase the maximum amount of leverage we may incur to an asset coverage ratio of 150 if the required majority of our independent directors as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act approve such increase, with such approval becoming effective after one year. On October 28, 2021, the Board of Directors approved a proposal that permits us to reduce our asset coverage ratio to 150 . On June 16, 2022, our stockholders approved the reduced asset coverage ratio at our 2022 annual meeting of stockholders. The reduced asset coverage ratio of 150 became effective upon receiving stockholder approval. 
 We may also be prohibited under the 1940 Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our directors who are not interested persons, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act, of us, RGC or our respective affiliates and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC. 
 18 
 
 Table of Contents 
 We do not intend to acquire securities issued by any investment company that exceed the limits imposed by the 1940 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. Under these limits, we generally cannot acquire more than 3 of the voting stock of any registered investment company (as defined in the 1940 Act), invest more than 5 of the value of our total assets in the securities of one investment company, or invest more than 10 of the value of our total assets in the securities of more than one investment company. The SEC rules permit us to exceed these limits without obtaining exemptive relief if we comply with certain conditions. If we invest in securities issued by investment companies, if any, it should be noted that such investments might subject our stockholders to additional expenses as they will be indirectly responsible for the costs and expenses of such companies. Our investment portfolio is also subject to diversification requirements by virtue of our election to be treated as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes and our intention to continue to operate in a manner so as to qualify for the tax treatment applicable to RICs. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Structure in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K for more information. 
 In addition, investment companies registered under the 1940 Act and private funds that are excluded from the definition of investment company pursuant to either Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act may not acquire directly or through a controlled entity more than 3 of our total outstanding voting stock (measured at the time of the acquisition), unless the funds comply with an exemption under the 1940 Act. As a result, certain of our investors may hold a smaller position in our shares than if they were not subject to these restrictions. 
 We are generally not able to issue and sell our common stock at a price below net asset value per share. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Structure Regulations governing our operation as a BDC affect our ability to raise additional capital and the way in which we do so. As a BDC, the necessity of raising additional capital may expose us to risks, including the typical risks associated with leverage. in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10 K. We may, however, sell our common stock, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the then-current net asset value of our common stock if our Board of Directors determines that such sale is in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders, and our stockholders approve such sale. In addition, we may generally issue new shares of our common stock at a price below net asset value in rights offerings to existing stockholders, in payment of dividends and in certain other limited circumstances. 
 As a BDC, we are generally limited in our ability to invest in any portfolio company in which RGC or any of its affiliates currently has an investment or to make any co-investments with our investment adviser or its affiliates without an exemptive order from the SEC, subject to certain exceptions. On August 10, 2020, we, RGC, and certain other funds and accounts sponsored or managed by RGC were granted the Order that permits us greater flexibility than the 1940 Act permits to negotiate the terms of co-investments if our Board of Directors determines that it would be advantageous for us to co-invest with other accounts sponsored or managed by RGC or its affiliates in a manner consistent with the our investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors. We believe that the ability to co-invest with similar investment structures and accounts sponsored or managed by RGC or its affiliates will provide additional investment opportunities and the ability to achieve greater diversification. Under the terms of the Order, a majority of our independent directors are required to make certain determinations in connection with a co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the proposed transaction are reasonable and fair to us and our stockholders and do not involve overreaching of us or our stockholders on the part of any person concerned and (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of our stockholders and is consistent with our investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors. 
 On August 30, 2022, we received an amendment to our existing Order to permit us to, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, co-invest in our existing portfolio companies with certain affiliates that are private funds even if such other funds had not previously invested in such existing portfolio company. Without this order, such affiliated funds that are private funds would not be able to participate in such co-investments with us unless the affiliated funds had previously acquired securities of the portfolio company in a co-investment transaction with us. 
 We are subject to periodic examination by the SEC for compliance with the 1940 Act. 
 As a BDC, we are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Structure in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10 K. 
 19 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Qualifying Assets 
 Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the Company s total gross assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are any of the following: 
 (1) Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: 

(a) is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 

(b) is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and 

(c) satisfies any of the following: 

(i) does not have any class of securities that is traded on a national securities exchange; 

(ii) has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting common equity of less than 250.0 million; 

(iii) is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company; or 

(iv) is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than 4.0 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2.0 million. 

(2) Securities of any eligible portfolio company which we control. 

(3) Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities, was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 

(4) Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and the Company already owns 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 

(5) Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 

(6) Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 

In addition, a BDC must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described in (1), (2) or (3) above. Control, as defined by the 1940 Act, is presumed to exist where a BDC beneficially owns more than 25 of the outstanding voting securities of the portfolio company but may exist in other circumstances based on the facts and circumstances. The regulations defining qualifying assets may change over time. The Company may adjust its investment focus as needed to comply with and/or take advantage of any regulatory, legislative, administrative, or judicial actions. 
 Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies 
 In addition, a BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described above in Qualifying Assets categories (1), (2) or (3). However, in order to count portfolio securities as qualifying assets for the purpose of the 70 test, the BDC must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities (other than small and solvent companies described above in Qualifying Assets category (1)(c)(iv)) significant managerial assistance; except that, where the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group may make available such managerial assistance. Making available managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its directors, officers, or employees, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, 
 20 
 
 Table of Contents 
 operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. We may also receive fees for these services. RGC may provide, or arrange for the provision of, such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that request this assistance, subject to reimbursement of any fees or expenses incurred on our behalf by RGC in accordance with our Advisory Agreement. 
 Temporary Investments 
 Pending investment in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which we refer to, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70 of our assets are qualifying assets. Typically, we will invest in U.S. Treasury Bills or in repurchase agreements, provided that such agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price which is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25 of our gross assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty, we would not meet the diversification tests in order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. RGC monitors the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. 
 Warrants 
 Under the 1940 Act, a BDC is subject to restrictions on the issuance, terms and number of warrants, options or rights to purchase shares of capital stock that it may have outstanding at any time. Under the 1940 Act, we may generally only offer warrants provided that (i) the warrants expire by their terms within ten years, (ii) the exercise or conversion price is not less than the current market value at the date of issuance, (iii) stockholders authorize the proposal to issue such warrants, and the Board of Directors approves such issuance on the basis that the issuance is in our best interests and the stockholders best interests and (iv) if the warrants are accompanied by other securities, the warrants are not separately transferable unless no class of such warrants and the securities accompanying them has been publicly distributed. The 1940 Act also provides that the amount of our voting securities that would result from the exercise of all outstanding warrants, as well as options and rights, at the time of issuance may not exceed 25 of our outstanding voting securities. In particular, the amount of capital stock that would result from the conversion or exercise of all outstanding warrants, options, or rights to purchase capital stock cannot exceed 25 of the BDC s total outstanding shares of capital stock. 
 Senior Securities; Coverage Ratio 
 We are generally permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our common stock if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 200 immediately after each such issuance. However, the 1940 Act has been modified to allow a BDC to increase the maximum amount of leverage it may incur from an asset coverage ratio of 200 to an asset coverage ratio of 150 , if certain requirements are met. We are permitted to increase our leverage capacity if stockholders representing at least a majority of the votes cast, at an annual or special meeting at which quorum is met, approve a proposal to do so. If we receive such stockholder approval, we are permitted to increase our leverage capacity on the first day after such approval. Alternatively, we may increase the maximum amount of leverage we may incur to an asset coverage ratio of 150 if the required majority of our independent directors as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act approve such increase, with such approval becoming effective after one year. On October 28, 2021, the Board of Directors approved a proposal that permits us to reduce our asset coverage ratio to 150 . On June 16, 2022, our stockholders approved the reduced asset coverage ratio at our 2022 annual meeting of stockholders. The reduced asset coverage ratio of 150 became effective upon receiving stockholder approval. 
 In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding, we must make provisions to prohibit any distribution to our stockholders or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. We may also borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our gross assets for temporary purposes without regard to asset coverage. For a discussion of the risks associated with leverage, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Structure We may borrow money, which would magnify the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and may increase the risk of investing in us. in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10 K. 
 21 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Compliance Policies and Procedures 
 We and RGC have adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to detect and prevent violation of the federal securities laws and are required to review these compliance policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation. Our Chief Compliance Officer is responsible for administering the policies and procedures. Colleen Corwell currently serves as our Chief Compliance Officer. 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on publicly held companies and their insiders. Many of these requirements affect us. For example: 
 pursuant to Rule 13a 14 of the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer must certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports; 

pursuant to Item 307 of Regulation S-K, our periodic reports must disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; 

pursuant to Rule 13a 15 of the Exchange Act, our management must prepare a report regarding its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting and, starting from the date on which we cease to be an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, must obtain an audit of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting performed by our independent registered public accounting firm should we become an accelerated filer; and 

pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K and Rule 13a 15 of the Exchange Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant changes in our internal control over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to review our current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. We will continue to monitor our compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will take actions necessary to ensure that we are in compliance therewith. 
 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
 We have delegated our proxy voting responsibility to RGC. The proxy voting policies and procedures of RGC are set forth below. The guidelines will be reviewed periodically by RGC and our independent directors, and, accordingly, are subject to change. For purposes of the Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures described below, we, our and us refers to RGC. 
 As an investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act, RGC has a fiduciary duty to act solely in the best interests of its clients. As part of this duty, RGC recognizes that it must vote client securities in a timely manner, free of conflicts of interest and in the best interests of our clients. 
 These policies and procedures for voting proxies for RGC's investment advisory clients are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4) 6 under, the Advisers Act. 
 Proxy Policies 
 RGC will vote proxies relating to our portfolio securities in the best interest of its clients stockholders. RGC will review on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted to a stockholder vote to determine its impact on the portfolio securities held by us. Although RGC will generally vote against proposals that may have a negative impact on its clients portfolio securities, RGC may vote for such a proposal if there exist compelling long-term reasons to do so. 
 RGC's proxy-voting decisions will be made by the senior officers who are responsible for monitoring each of its clients investments. To ensure that its vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, RGC will require that: (1) anyone involved in the decision-making process disclose to its management any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote; and (2) employees involved in the decision-making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how RGC intend to vote on a proposal in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. 
 22 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Proxy Voting Records 
 You may obtain information about how we voted proxies by making a written request for proxy voting information to: Runway Growth Capital LLC, 205 N. Michigan Ave., Suite 4200, Chicago, IL 60601. 
 Privacy Principles 
 We are committed to maintaining the privacy of our stockholders and to safeguarding their non-public personal information. The following information is provided to help you understand what personal information we collect, how we protect that information and why, in certain cases, we may share information with select other parties. 
 Pursuant to our privacy policy, we do not disclose any non-public personal information about our stockholders or former stockholders to anyone, except as permitted by law, or as is necessary in order to service stockholder accounts (for example, to a transfer agent or third-party administrator). 
 We may collect non-public information about investors from our subscription agreements or other forms, such as name, address, account number and the types and amounts of investments, and information about transactions with us or our affiliates, such as participation in other investment programs, ownership of certain types of accounts or other account data and activity. We may disclose the information that we collect from our stockholders or former stockholders, as described above, only to our affiliates and service providers and only as allowed by applicable law or regulation. Any party that receives this information uses it only for the services required by us and as allowed by applicable law or regulation and is not permitted to share or use this information for any other purpose. To protect the non-public personal information of individuals, we restrict access to non-public personal information about our stockholders to employees of RGC and its affiliates with a legitimate business need for the information. In order to guard our stockholders non-public personal information, we maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that are designed to comply with applicable law. Non-public personal information that we collect about our stockholders is generally stored on secured servers located in the United States. An individual stockholder s right to privacy extends to all forms of contact with us, including telephone, written correspondence, and electronic media, such as the Internet. 
 Reporting Obligations 
 We furnish our stockholders with annual reports containing audited financial statements, quarterly reports, and such other periodic reports as we determine to be appropriate or as may be required by law. We are required to comply with all periodic reporting, proxy solicitation and other applicable requirements under the Exchange Act. 
 Our annual reports on Form 10 K, quarterly reports on Form 10 Q, current reports on Form 8 K, as well as reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 regarding directors, officers or 10 beneficial owners of us, filed or furnished pursuant to section 13(a), 15(d) or 16(a) of the Exchange Act, are available on our website free of charge (https://investors.runwaygrowth.com/financial-information/sec-filings). 
 Stockholders and the public may also view any materials we file with the SEC on the SEC s website http://www.sec.gov ). 
 23 
 
 Table of Contents 

The capital markets are currently in a period of disruption and economic uncertainty. Such market conditions have materially and adversely affected debt and equity capital markets, which have had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our business and operations. The U.S. capital markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruption, as evidenced by the volatility in global stock markets as a result of, among other things, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, rising interest rates in the United States, and the fluctuating price of commodities such as oil. Despite actions of the U.S. federal government and foreign governments, these events have contributed to unpredictable general economic conditions that are materially and adversely impacting the broader financial and credit markets and reducing the availability of debt and equity capital for the market as a whole. These conditions could continue for a prolonged period of time or worsen in the future. Given the ongoing and dynamic nature of the circumstances, it is difficult to predict the full impact that current market conditions may have on our business. The extent of such impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and current market conditions, and the related adverse local and national economic consequences, we could be subject to any of the following risks, any of which could have a material, adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations: Current market conditions may make it difficult to raise equity capital because, subject to some limited exceptions, as a BDC, we are generally not able to issue additional shares of our common stock at a price less than the NAV per share without first obtaining approval for such issuance from our stockholders and our independent directors. In addition, these market conditions may make it difficult to access or obtain new indebtedness with similar terms to our existing indebtedness. 

 Significant changes or volatility in the capital markets may also have a negative effect on the valuations of our investments. While most of our investments are not publicly traded, applicable accounting standards require us to assume as part of our valuation process that our investments are sold in a principal market to market participants (even if we plan on holding an investment through its maturity). 

 Significant changes in the capital markets may adversely affect the pace of our investment activity and economic activity generally. 

 The illiquidity of our investments may make it difficult for us to sell such investments to access capital if required, and as a result, we could realize significantly less than the value at which we have recorded our investments if we were required to sell them for liquidity purposes. An inability to raise or access capital, and any required sale of all or a portion of our investments as a result, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

 The current period of capital markets disruption and economic uncertainty may make it difficult to extend the maturity of, or refinance, our existing indebtedness or obtain new indebtedness and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Current market conditions may make it difficult to extend the maturity of or refinance our existing indebtedness or obtain new indebtedness with similar terms and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business. The debt capital that will be available to us in the future, if at all, may be at a higher cost and on less favorable terms and conditions than what we currently experience, including being at a higher cost in rising rate environments. If we are unable to raise or refinance debt, then our equity investors may not benefit from the potential for increased returns on equity resulting from leverage and we may be limited in our ability to make new commitments or to fund existing commitments to our portfolio companies. An inability to extend the maturity of, or refinance, our existing indebtedness or obtain new indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Economic recessions or downturns, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or economic cycles, as well as inflation and rising interest rates could impair our portfolio companies and harm our operating results. Many of the portfolio companies in which we make investments may be susceptible to economic slowdowns or recessions and may be unable to repay the loans we made to them during these periods, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation and the rising interest rate environment. Therefore, our non-performing assets may increase and the value of our portfolio may decrease during these periods as we are required to record our investments at their current fair value. Adverse economic conditions also may decrease the value of collateral securing some of our loans and the value of our equity investments. Economic slowdowns or recessions could lead to financial losses in our portfolio and a decrease in revenues, net income and assets. Unfavorable economic conditions also could increase our and our portfolio companies funding costs, limit our and our portfolio companies access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us or our portfolio companies. In similar fashion, increasing or excessive levels of inflation and rising interest rates could also impair our portfolio companies cash flow and operations. These events could prevent us from increasing investments and harm our operating results. A portfolio company s failure to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by us or other lenders could lead to defaults and, potentially, acceleration of the time when the loans are due and foreclosure on its secured assets, which could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements and jeopardize the portfolio company s ability to meet its obligations under the debt that we hold. We may incur additional expenses to the extent necessary to seek recovery upon default or to negotiate new terms with a defaulting portfolio company. In addition, if one of our portfolio companies were to go bankrupt, depending on the facts and circumstances, including the extent to which we will actually provide significant managerial assistance to that portfolio company, a bankruptcy court might subordinate all or a portion of our claim to that of other creditors. The COVID-19 pandemic caused severe disruptions in the U.S. economy and disrupted financial activity in the areas in which we or our portfolio companies operate. The impact of COVID-19 led to significant volatility and declines in the global public equity markets and it is uncertain how long this volatility will continue. As the COVID-19 pandemic persists, the potential impacts, including a global, regional or other economic recession, are increasingly uncertain and difficult to assess. The COVID-19 pandemic and restrictive measures taken to contain or mitigate its spread caused, and may continue to cause, business shutdowns, or the re-introduction of business shutdowns, cancellations of events and restrictions on travel, significant reductions in demand for certain goods and services, reductions in business activity and financial transactions, supply chain interruptions and overall economic and financial market instability both globally and in the United States. Such effects will likely continue for the duration of the pandemic, which is uncertain, and for some period thereafter. Disruptions in the capital markets have increased the spread between the yields realized on risk-free and higher risk securities, resulting in illiquidity in parts of the capital markets. These and future market disruptions and/or illiquidity would be expected to have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Unfavorable economic conditions also would be expected to increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. These events could limit our investment originations, limit our ability to grow and have a material negative impact on our and our prospective portfolio companies operating results and the fair values of our debt and equity investments. General uncertainty surrounding the impact of COVID-19 (including the preventative measures taken in response thereto and additional uncertainty regarding new variants) has to date created significant disruption in supply chains and economic activity, which has had any may continue to have a particularly adverse impact on transportation, hospitality, tourism, entertainment and other industries, including industries in which certain of our portfolio companies operate, which has in turn created significant business disruption issues for certain of our portfolio companies, and materially and adversely impacted the value and performance of certain of our portfolio companies. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic subsides, the U.S. economy and most other major global economies may continue to experience a recession, and our business and operations, as well as the business and operations of our portfolio companies, could be materially adversely affected by a prolonged recession in the U.S. and other major markets. Global economic, political and market conditions may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, including our revenue growth and profitability. The U.S. debt ceiling and budget deficit concerns have raised the possibility of additional credit-rating downgrades and economic slowdowns in the United States and globally. Legislation passed in December 2021 suspends the debt ceiling through early 2023, unless Congress takes further legislative action to extend it. Downgrades by rating agencies to the U.S. government s credit rating or concerns about its credit and deficit levels in general could cause interest rates and borrowing costs to rise, which may negatively impact both the perception of credit risk associated with our debt portfolio and our ability to access the debt markets on favorable terms. In addition, a decreased U.S. government credit rating could create broader financial turmoil and uncertainty, which may weigh heavily on our financial performance and the value of our common stock. Deterioration in the economic conditions in the Eurozone and other regions or countries globally and the resulting instability in global financial markets may pose a risk to our business. Financial markets have been affected at times by a number of global macroeconomic events, including the following: large sovereign debts and fiscal deficits of several countries in Europe and in emerging markets jurisdictions, levels of non-performing loans on the balance sheets of European banks, the effect of the United Kingdom (the U.K. leaving the European Union (the EU ), instability in the Chinese capital markets and the COVID-19 pandemic. Global market and economic disruptions have affected, and may in the future affect, the U.S. capital markets, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We cannot assure you that market disruptions in Europe and other regions or countries, including the increased cost of funding for certain governments and financial institutions, will not impact the global economy, and we cannot assure you that assistance packages will be available, or if available, be sufficient to stabilize countries and markets in Europe or elsewhere affected by a financial crisis. To the extent uncertainty regarding any economic recovery in Europe negatively impacts consumer confidence and consumer credit factors, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be significantly and adversely affected. Moreover, there is a risk of both sector-specific and broad-based corrections and/or downturns in the equity and credit markets. Any of the foregoing could have a significant impact on the markets in which we operate and could have a material adverse impact on our business prospects and financial condition. Various social and political circumstances in the U.S. and around the world (including wars and other forms of conflict, including rising trade tensions between the United States and China, and other uncertainties regarding actual and potential shifts in the United States and foreign, trade, economic and other policies with other countries, terrorist acts, security operations and catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes and global health epidemics), may also contribute to increased market volatility and economic uncertainties or deterioration in the United States and worldwide. Specifically, the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and the resulting market volatility, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In response to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the United States and other countries have imposed sanctions or other restrictive actions against Russia. Any of the above factors, including sanctions, export controls, tariffs, trade wars and other governmental actions, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations and could cause the market value of our common shares and/or debt securities to decline. These market and economic disruptions could also negatively impact the operating results of our portfolio companies. Additionally, the Federal Reserve may further raise, or may announce its intention to further raise, the Federal Funds Rate in 2023. These developments, along with the United States government s credit and deficit concerns, global economic uncertainties and market volatility and the impacts of COVID-19, could cause interest rates to be volatile, which may negatively impact our ability to access the debt markets and capital markets on favorable terms. 
 would pay a higher price than the value of our investments might warrant. Conversely, investors selling shares of our common stock during a period in which the net asset value understates the value of our investments will receive a lower price for their shares of our common stock than the value of our investments might warrant. Our financial condition and results of operations depend on our ability to effectively manage and deploy capital. Our ability to achieve our investment objective depends on our ability to effectively manage and deploy capital, which depends, in turn, on RGC s ability to identify, originate, evaluate and monitor, and our ability to finance and invest in, companies that meet our investment criteria. Accomplishing our investment objective on a cost-effective basis is largely a function of RGC s handling of the investment process, its ability to provide competent, attentive and efficient services and our access to investments offering acceptable terms. In addition to monitoring the performance of our existing investments and other responsibilities under the Advisory Agreement, RGC s investment team may also be called upon, from time to time, to provide managerial assistance to some of our portfolio companies. These demands may distract our investment team or slow the rate at which we may make investments. Even if we are able to grow and build upon our investment portfolio, any failure to manage our growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our results of operations depend on many factors, including the availability of opportunities for investment, readily accessible short and long-term funding alternatives in the financial markets and economic conditions. Furthermore, if we cannot successfully operate our business or implement our investment policies and strategies as described herein, it could negatively impact our ability to pay dividends. We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities and we may not be able to compete effectively. Our primary competitors for investments include both existing and newly formed debt, and to a lesser extent equity, focused public and private funds, other BDCs, commercial and investment banks, venture-oriented commercial banks, commercial financing companies and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity and hedge funds. Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, we believe some competitors may have a lower cost of capital and access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments than we have, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than we can. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC or to the distribution and other requirements we must satisfy to maintain our ability to be subject to taxation as a RIC. These characteristics could allow our competitors to consider a wider variety of investments, establish more relationships and offer better pricing and more flexible structuring than we are able to offer. In recent years, substantial investor capital has been allocated to the private credit and direct lending asset classes, creating and increasing competition among lenders. Increased competition across all segments of the private credit and direct lending markets, has reduced credit spreads, and along with historically low interest rates, has reduced investment yields and resulted in more borrower friendly terms and conditions. For instance, typically when interest rates are low and a credit cycle extended, new entrants will enter traditionally higher yielding markets creating additional competition and pressures and temporarily compressing yields. We believe the credit markets, and in particular the market for our lending strategies, are presently experiencing such pressures. New competitors, including established private credit platforms in other segments, have entered the sponsored and non-sponsored growth lending market and a similar competitive dynamic is possible. While their entry may or may not be permanent, their entry could lead to competitive pressure on our investment yields and other terms and conditions in the short-term. We do not compete primarily on the financing terms we offer and some competitors make loans with rates that are comparable or lower than our rates. We may lose some investment opportunities if we do not match our competitors pricing, terms and structure. However, if we match our competitors pricing, terms and structure, we may experience decreased net interest income, lower yields and increased risk of credit loss. As a result of this competition, we may not be able to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities from time to time, and we may not be able to identify and make investments that are consistent with our investment objective. The competitive pressures we face may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our business model depends to a significant extent upon strong referral relationships. Any inability of RGC to maintain or develop these relationships, or the failure of these relationships to generate investment opportunities, could adversely affect our business. We depend upon RGC to maintain its relationships with venture capital and private equity firms, placement agents, investment banks, management groups and other financial institutions, and we expect to rely to a significant extent upon these relationships to provide us with potential investment opportunities. If RGC fails to maintain such existing relationships, or to develop new relationships with other sources of investment opportunities, we may not be able to grow our investment portfolio. In addition, individuals with whom RGC has relationships are not obligated to provide us with investment opportunities, and we can offer no assurance that these relationships will generate investment opportunities for us in the future. The failure of RGC to maintain existing relationships, grow new relationships, or for any of those relationships to generate investment opportunities could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are dependent upon RGC s key personnel for our future success. We depend on the diligence, skill and investment acumen of R. David Spreng, our President, Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of our Board of Directors, along with the other investment professionals at RGC, including Thomas Raterman, our Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary. Mr. Spreng also serves as the President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of RGC, and the Chairman of its Investment Committee. Mr. Raterman also serves as the Chief Financial Officer of RGC. Mr. Spreng, Mr. Raterman and the other members of RGC s senior management evaluate, negotiate, structure, close and monitor our investments. Our future success depends on the continued service of these members of RGC s senior management. We cannot assure you that unforeseen business, medical, personal or other circumstances would not lead any such individual to terminate his or her relationship with us. The loss of Mr. Spreng, in particular, Mr. Raterman and/or any of the other members of RGC s senior management could have a material adverse effect on our ability to achieve our investment objective as well as on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we can offer no assurance that RGC will continue indefinitely as RGC. The members of RGC s senior management are and may in the future become affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time. RGC may also manage and sub-advise private investment funds and accounts, and may manage other such funds and accounts in the future, which have investment mandates that are similar, in whole or in part, with ours. Accordingly, RGC s senior management may have obligations to investors in those entities, the fulfillment of which might not be in the best interests of us or our stockholders. For example, RGC s senior management may face conflicts of interest in the allocation of investment opportunities to us and such other existing and future funds and accounts. Our success depends on the ability of RGC to attract and retain qualified personnel in a competitive environment. Our growth requires that RGC retains and attracts new investment and administrative personnel in a competitive market. RGC s ability to attract and retain personnel with the requisite credentials, experience and skills depends on several factors including, but not limited to, its ability to offer competitive wages, benefits and professional growth opportunities. Many of the entities, including investment funds (such as venture capital funds, private equity funds and mezzanine funds) and traditional financial services companies, with which RGC competes for experienced personnel have greater resources than it possesses, which could have a negative impact on RGC s ability to attract and retain qualified personnel and, as a result, have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The compensation we pay to RGC and our Administrator was not determined on an arm s-length basis. Thus, the terms of such compensation may be less advantageous to us than if such terms had been the subject of arm s-length negotiations. The compensation we pay to RGC and our Administrator was not determined on an arm s-length basis with an unaffiliated third party. As a result, the form and amount of such compensation may be less favorable to us than if the respective agreements had been entered into through arm s-length transactions with an unaffiliated third party. In addition, we may choose not to enforce, or to enforce less vigorously, our respective rights and remedies under the Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement because of our desire to maintain our ongoing relationship with RGC, our Administrator and their respective affiliates. Any such decision, however, could cause us to breach our fiduciary obligations to our stockholders. Our management fee may induce RGC to purchase assets with borrowed funds and to use leverage despite any enhanced risk. The management fee payable by us to RGC may create an incentive for RGC to purchase assets with borrowed funds when it is unwise to do so or to pursue investments on our behalf that are riskier or more speculative than would be the case in the absence of such compensation arrangement. The management fee payable to RGC is calculated based on the amount of our gross assets, which includes assets purchased with borrowed funds or other forms of leverage. Under certain circumstances, the use of leverage may increase the likelihood of default, which would impair the value of our common stock. The capital gains portion of our incentive fee may induce RGC to make speculative investments. RGC receives the incentive fee based, in part, upon net capital gains realized on our investments. Under the incentive fee structure, RGC may benefit when we recognize capital gains and, because RGC, in certain circumstances, will determine when to sell an investment, RGC will control the timing of the recognition of such capital gains. As a result, in certain situations RGC may have a tendency to invest more capital in investments that are likely to result in capital gains as compared to income producing securities. Such a practice could result in our investing in more speculative securities than would otherwise be the case, which could result in higher investment losses, particularly during economic downturns. A general increase in interest rates will likely have the effect of making it easier for RGC to receive incentive fees, without necessarily resulting in an increase in our net earnings. Given the structure of the Advisory Agreement, any general increase in interest rates can be expected to lead to higher interest rates applicable to our debt investments and will likely have the effect of making it easier for RGC to meet the quarterly hurdle rate for payment of income incentive fees under the Advisory Agreement without any additional increase in relative performance on the part of RGC. This may occur without a corresponding increase in distributions to our stockholders. In addition, in view of the catch-up provision applicable to income incentive fees under the Advisory Agreement, RGC could potentially receive a significant portion of the increase in our investment income attributable to such a general increase in interest rates. If that were to occur, our increase in net earnings, if any, would likely be significantly smaller than the relative increase in RGC s income incentive fee resulting from such a general increase in interest rates. RGC and our Administrator have the right to resign upon not more than 60 days notice, and we may not be able to find a suitable replacement for either within that time, or at all, resulting in a disruption in our operations that could adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. RGC has the right, under the Advisory Agreement, to resign at any time upon not more than 60 days written notice, regardless of whether we have found a replacement. Similarly, our Administrator has the right under the Administration Agreement to resign at any time upon not more than 60 days written notice, regardless of whether we have found a replacement. If RGC or our Administrator were to resign, we may not be able to find a new investment adviser or administrator or hire internal management with similar expertise and ability to provide the same or equivalent services on acceptable terms prior to the resignation of RGC or our Administrator, or at all. If we are unable to do so quickly, our operations are likely to experience a disruption, our financial condition, business and results of operations, as well as our ability to pay distributions, are likely to be materially and adversely affected. In addition, the coordination of our internal management and investment or administrative activities, as applicable, are likely to suffer if we are unable to identify and reach an agreement with a single institution or group of executives having the expertise possessed by RGC, our Administrator and their respective affiliates. Even if we are able to retain comparable management, whether internal or external, the integration of such management and their lack of familiarity with our investment objective may result in additional costs and time delays that may adversely affect our financial condition, business, results of operations and cash flows. We may need to raise additional capital to grow because we must distribute most of our income. We may need additional capital to fund growth in our investments. A reduction in the availability of new capital could limit our ability to grow. We must distribute at least 90 of our investment company taxable income to our stockholders to maintain our tax treatment as a RIC. As a result, any such cash earnings may not be available to fund investment originations. We have and may, in the future, borrow under debt facilities from financial institutions and issue additional debt and equity securities. If we fail to obtain funds from such sources or from other sources to fund our investments, it could limit our ability to grow, which may have an adverse effect on the value of our securities. In addition, as a BDC, our ability to borrow or issue preferred stock may be restricted if our total assets are less than 150 of our total borrowings and preferred stock. See Regulations governing our operation as a BDC affect our ability to raise additional capital and the way in which we do so. As a BDC, the necessity of raising additional capital may expose us to risks, including the typical risks associated with leverage. In addition, shares of BDCs have recently traded at discounts to their net asset values. If our common stock trades below its net asset value, we will not be able to issue additional shares of our common stock at its market price without first obtaining the approval for such issuance from our stockholders and our independent directors. If additional funds are not available to us, we could be forced to curtail or cease new lending and investment activities and our net asset value could decline. A reduction in the availability of new capital or an inability on our part to access the capital markets successfully could limit our ability to grow our business and execute our business strategy fully and decrease our earnings, if any, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Any failure on our part to maintain our status as a BDC or fail to qualify as a RIC would reduce our operating flexibility. The 1940 Act imposes numerous constraints on the operations of BDCs. For example, BDCs are required to invest at least 70 of their gross assets in specified types of qualifying assets, primarily in private U.S. companies or thinly-traded U.S. public companies, cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and other high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or less. In addition, subject to certain limited exceptions, an investment in an issuer that has outstanding securities listed on a national exchange may be treated as a qualifying asset only if such issuer has a market capitalization that is less than 250.0 million at the time of such investment. Moreover, as a RIC, the treatment for which we intend to qualify annually, we are required to satisfy certain source-of-income, diversification and distribution requirements. Therefore, we may be precluded from investing in what we believe are attractive investments if such investments are not qualifying assets. Conversely, if we fail to invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could lose our status as a BDC, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Similarly, these constraints could prevent us from making additional investments in existing portfolio companies, which could result in the dilution of our position, or could require us to dispose of investments at an inopportune time to comply with the 1940 Act. If we were forced to sell non-qualifying investments in the portfolio for compliance purposes, the proceeds from such sale could be significantly less than the current value of such investments. These constraints, among others, may hinder our ability to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities and to achieve our investment objective. Any failure to comply with the requirements imposed on BDCs by the 1940 Act could cause the SEC to bring an enforcement action against us and/or expose us to claims of private litigants. In addition, upon approval of a majority of our stockholders, we may elect to withdraw our status as a BDC. If we decide to withdraw our election, or if we otherwise fail to qualify, or maintain our qualification, as a BDC, we will be subject to the substantially greater regulation under the 1940 Act as a closed-end investment company. Compliance with such regulations would significantly decrease our operating flexibility and could significantly increase our costs of doing business. Regulations governing our operation as a BDC affect our ability to raise additional capital and the way in which we do so. As a BDC, the necessity of raising additional capital may expose us to risks, including the typical risks associated with leverage. We may issue debt securities or preferred stock and/or borrow money from banks or other financial institutions, which we refer to collectively as senior securities, up to the maximum amount permitted by the 1940 Act. Under the provisions of the 1940 Act, we are generally permitted, as a BDC, to issue senior securities in amounts such that our asset coverage ratio, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150 of gross assets less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, after each issuance of senior securities. If the value of our assets decline, we may be unable to satisfy the asset coverage test. If that happens, we may be required to sell a portion of our investments and, depending on the nature of our leverage, repay a portion of our indebtedness at a time when such sales may be disadvantageous. Also, any amounts that we use to service our indebtedness would not be available for distributions to our common stockholders. Furthermore, as a result of issuing senior securities, we would also be exposed to typical risks associated with leverage, including an increased risk of loss. If we issue preferred stock, the preferred stock would rank senior to common stock in our capital structure, preferred stockholders would have separate voting rights on certain matters and might have other rights, preferences, or privileges more favorable than those of our common stockholders, and the issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock or otherwise be in your best interest. We are generally not able to issue and sell our common stock at a price below net asset value per share. We may, however, sell our common stock, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the then-current net asset value per share of our common stock if our Board of Directors determines that such sale is in the best interests of our stockholders, and our stockholders approve such sale. In any such case, the price at which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price that, in the determination of our Board of Directors, closely approximates the market value of such securities (less any distributing commission or discount). If we raise additional funds by issuing more common stock or senior securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, our common stock, then the percentage ownership of our stockholders at that time will decrease, and you may experience dilution. We may borrow money, which would magnify the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and may increase the risk of investing in us. The use of leverage magnifies the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and, therefore, increases the risks associated with investing in our securities. We may borrow from and issue senior debt securities to banks, insurance companies and other lenders in the future. Holders of these senior securities will have fixed dollar claims on our assets that are superior to the claims of our common stockholders, and we would expect such lenders to seek recovery against our assets in the event of a default. If the value of our assets increases, then leveraging would cause the net asset value attributable to our common stock to increase more sharply than it would have had we not leveraged. Conversely, if the value of our assets decreases, leveraging would cause net asset value to decline more sharply than it otherwise would have had we not leveraged. Similarly, any increase in our income in excess of interest payable on the borrowed funds would cause our net investment income to increase more than it would without the leverage, while any decrease in our income would cause net income to decline more sharply than it would have had we not borrowed. Such a decline could also negatively affect our ability to make dividend payments on our common stock, scheduled debt payments or other payments related to our securities. Leverage is generally considered a speculative investment technique. Our ability to service any debt that we incur will depend largely on our financial performance and will be subject to prevailing economic conditions and competitive pressures. In addition, our common stockholders will bear the burden of any increase in our expenses, including our interest expense, as a result of leverage. As a BDC, we are generally required to meet an asset coverage ratio, defined under the 1940 Act as the ratio of our gross assets (less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities) to our outstanding senior securities, of at least 150 after each issuance of senior securities. If this ratio declines below 150 , we may not be able to incur additional debt and could be required by law to sell a portion of our investments to repay some debt when it is disadvantageous to do so, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations, and we may not be able to make distributions. The amount of leverage that we employ will depend on RGC s and our Board of Director's assessment of market and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain credit at all or on terms acceptable to us. In addition, any debt facility into which we may enter would likely impose financial and operating covenants that restrict our business activities, including limitations that could hinder our ability to finance additional loans and investments or to make the distributions required to qualify as a RIC. 
 
 - 

(1) Assumes (i) 1.1 billion in total assets, (ii) 559.3 million in outstanding indebtedness, (iii) 576.1 million in net assets and (iv) weighted average interest rate, excluding fees (such as fees on undrawn amounts and amortization of financing costs) of 5.02 . 

Any defaults under our credit facility or other borrowings, including the 2026 or 2027 Notes, could adversely affect our business. On May 31, 2019 (as subsequently amended), the Company entered into a credit agreement Credit Facility by and among us, as borrower, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, syndication agent, and a lender, CIBC Bank USA, as documentation agent and a lender, MUFG Union Bank, N.A., as co-documentation agent and lender and U.S. Bank National Association, as paying agent. In the event we default under our Credit Facility, or other borrowings, including the 2026 Notes and 2027 Notes, our business could be adversely affected as we may be forced to sell a portion of our investments quickly and prematurely at what may be unfavorable prices to us in order to meet our outstanding payment obligations and/or support working capital requirements under such borrowing facility, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, following any such default, the agent for the lenders under such borrowing facility could assume control of the disposition of any or all of our assets, including the selection of such assets to be disposed and the timing of such disposition, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If we are unable to obtain additional debt financing, or if our borrowing capacity is materially reduced, our business could be materially adversely affected. We may want to obtain additional debt financing or need to do so upon maturity of the Credit Facility, in order to obtain funds which may be made available for investments. The availability period under the Credit Facility expires on April 20, 2025 and is followed by a one year amortization period. The stated maturity date under the Credit Facility is April 20, 2026, unless extended. If we are unable to increase, renew or replace the Credit Facility and enter into new debt financing facilities or other debt financing on commercially reasonable terms, our liquidity may be reduced significantly. In addition, if we are unable to repay amounts outstanding under any such facilities and are declared in default or are unable to renew or refinance these facilities, we may not be able to make new investments or operate our business in the normal course. These situations may arise due to circumstances that we may be unable to control, such as lack of access to the credit markets, a severe decline in the value of the U.S. dollar, an economic downturn or an operational problem that affects us or third parties, and could materially damage our business operations, results of operations and financial condition. Changes in interest rates may affect our cost of capital, the ability of our portfolio companies to service their debt obligations and our net investment income. General interest rate fluctuations and changes in credit spreads on floating rate loans may have a substantial negative impact on our investments and investment opportunities and, accordingly, may have a material adverse effect on our rate of return on invested capital, our net investment income, and our net asset value. Substantially all of our debt investments will have variable interest rates that reset periodically based on benchmarks such as SOFR and Prime rate. In periods of rising interest rates, to the extent we borrow money subject to a floating interest rate, our cost of funds would increase, which could reduce our net investment income. Further, rising interest rates could also adversely affect our performance if such increases cause our borrowing costs to rise at a rate in excess of the rate that our investments yield. If general interest rates rise, there is a risk that the portfolio companies in which we hold floating rate securities will be unable to pay escalating interest amounts, which could result in a default under their loan documents with us. Rising interest rates could also cause portfolio companies to shift cash from other productive uses to the payment of interest, which may have a material adverse effect on their business and operations and could, over time, lead to increased defaults. In addition, rising interest rates may increase pressure on us to provide fixed rate loans to our portfolio companies, which could adversely affect our net investment income, as increases in our cost of borrowed funds would not be accompanied by increased interest income from such fixed-rate investments. In addition, to the extent we borrow money to make investments, our net investment income depends, in part, upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds and the rate at which we invest those funds. As a result, we can offer no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income to the extent we use debt to finance our investments. In periods of rising interest rates, our cost of funds would increase, which could reduce our net investment income. In addition, in a prolonged low interest rate environment, including a reduction of SOFR or Prime rate to zero, the difference between the total interest income earned on interest earning assets and the total interest expense incurred on interest bearing borrowings may be compressed, reducing our net interest income and potentially adversely affecting our operating results. In addition, a rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to higher interest rates applicable to our debt investments. Accordingly, an increase in interest rates would make it easier for us to meet or exceed the incentive fee hurdle rate and may result in a substantial increase of the amount of incentive fees payable to RGC with respect to our pre-incentive fee net investment income. Our portfolio securities may not have a readily available market price and, in such a case, we will value these securities at fair value as determined in good faith under procedures adopted by our Board of Directors, which valuation is inherently subjective and may not reflect what we may actually realize for the sale of the investment. A large percentage of our portfolio investments are in the form of debt investments that are not publicly traded. The fair value of these securities is not readily determinable. We value these investments on at least a quarterly basis in accordance with our valuation policy, which is at all times consistent with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States U.S. GAAP ). Our Board of Directors utilizes the services of certain independent third-party valuation firms to aid it in determining the fair value of these investments. The Board of Directors discusses valuations and determines the fair value in good faith based on the input of RGC, the Audit Committee and the applicable third-party valuation firm. The participation of RGC in our valuation process could result in a conflict of interest, since the management fees are based in part on our gross assets and also because RGC is receiving performance-based incentive fees. The factors that are considered in the fair value pricing of our investments include the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments on loans and its earnings, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparisons to publicly traded companies, discounted cash flow, relevant credit market indices, and other relevant factors. Because such valuations, and particularly valuations of private investments and private companies, are inherently uncertain, may fluctuate over short periods of time and are often based on estimates, our determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a ready market for these securities existed. In addition, the valuation of these types of securities may result in substantial write-downs and earnings volatility. Our net asset value as of a particular date may be materially greater than or less than the value that would be realized if our assets were to be liquidated as of such date. For example, if we were required to sell a certain asset or all or a substantial portion of its assets on a particular date, the actual price that we would realize upon the disposition of such asset or assets could be materially less than the value of such asset or assets as reflected in our net asset value. Volatile market conditions could also cause reduced liquidity in the market for certain assets, which could result in liquidation values that are materially less than the values of such assets as reflected in our net asset value. Our Board of Directors may change our investment objective, operating policies and strategies without prior notice or stockholder approval, the effects of which may be adverse. Our Board of Directors has the authority to modify or waive our investment objective, current operating policies, investment criteria and strategies without prior notice (except as required by the 1940 Act) and without stockholder approval. However, absent stockholder approval, we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC. We cannot predict the effect any changes to our current operating policies, investment criteria and strategies would have on our business, net asset value, operating results and value of our stock. However, the effects of changes to our investment objective or criteria by our Board might be adverse, which could negatively impact our ability to pay you dividends and cause you to lose all or part of your investment. To the extent original issue discount and PIK-interest constitute a portion of our income, we are exposed to typical risks associated with such income being required to be included in taxable and accounting income prior to receipt of cash representing such income. Certain of our investments include original-issue-discount instruments and contractual PIK-interest arrangements. To the extent original issue discount or PIK-interest constitutes a portion of our income, we are exposed to typical risks associated with such income being required to be included in taxable and accounting income prior to receipt of cash, including the following: The higher interest rates of original issue discount and PIK instruments reflect the payment deferral, which results in a higher principal amount at the maturity of the instrument as compared to the original principal amount of the instrument. Increased credit risk associated with these instruments, and original issue discount and PIK instruments generally, represent a significantly higher credit risk than coupon loans. 

 Even if the accounting conditions for income accrual are met, the borrower could still default when our actual collection is supposed to occur at the maturity of the obligation. 

 Original issue discount and PIK instruments may have unreliable valuations because their continuing accruals require continuing judgments about the collectability of the deferred payments and the value of any associated collateral. Original issue discount and PIK-income may also create uncertainty about the source of our cash distributions. 

 To the extent we provide loans with interest-only payments or moderate loan amortization, the majority of the principal payment or amortization of principal may be deferred until loan maturity. Because this debt generally allows the borrower to make a large lump-sum payment of principal at the end of the loan term, there is a risk of loss if the borrower is unable to pay the lump sum or refinance the amount owed at maturity. 

 For accounting purposes, any cash distributions to stockholders representing original issue discount and PIK-income are not treated as coming from paid-in capital, even though the cash to pay them comes from the offering proceeds. As a result, despite the fact that a distribution representing original issue discount and PIK-income could be paid out of amounts invested by our stockholders, the 1940 Act does not require that stockholders be given notice of this fact by reporting it as a return of capital. 

 In certain cases, we may recognize taxable income before or without receiving corresponding cash payments and, as a result, we may have difficulty meeting the Annual Distribution Requirement necessary to maintain our tax treatment as a RIC. 

 The interest rates of our loans to our portfolio companies might be subject to change based on recent regulatory changes. LIBOR, the London Interbank Offered Rate, is an index rate that historically has been widely used in lending transactions and remains a common reference rate for setting the floating interest rate on private loans. LIBOR typically has been the reference rate used in floating-rate loans extended to our portfolio companies and, to some degree, is expected to continue to be used as a reference rate until such time that private markets have fully transitioned to using SOFR, or other alternative reference rates recommended by applicable market regulators. Uncertainty relating to the LIBOR calculation process, the valuation of LIBOR alternatives, and other economic consequences from the phasing out of LIBOR may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. On March 5, 2021, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA ), which regulates LIBOR, announced that (i) 24 LIBOR settings would cease to exist immediately after December 31, 2021 (all seven euro LIBOR settings; all seven Swiss franc LIBOR settings; the Spot Next, 1-week, 2-month, and 12-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings; the overnight, 1-week, 2-month, and 12-month sterling LIBOR settings; and the 1-week and 2-month US dollar LIBOR settings) and (ii) the overnight and 1, 3, 6 and 12-month US LIBOR settings would cease to exist after June 30, 2023; and (iii) the FCA would consult on whether the remaining LIBOR settings should continue to be published on a synthetic basis for a certain period using the FCA s proposed new powers that the UK government is legislating to grant to them. To identify a successor rate for U.S. dollar LIBOR, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee ARRC ), a U.S.-based group convened by the Federal Reserve Board of Directors and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, was formed. The ARRC has identified SOFR as its preferred alternative rate for LIBOR. SOFR is a measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight, collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities, and is based on directly observable U.S. Treasury-backed repurchase transactions. New York and several other states have passed laws intended to apply to U.S. dollar LIBOR-based contracts, securities, and instruments governed by those states laws. These laws established fallbacks for LIBOR when there is no or insufficient fallback rates in these contracts. The federal Adjustable Interstate Rate (LIBOR) Act (the LIBOR Act was signed into law on March 15, 2022. The federal legislation provides a statutory fallback mechanism on a nation-wide basis to replace U.S. dollar LIBOR with a benchmark rate, selected by the Federal Reserve Board and based on SOFR, for certain contracts that reference U.S. dollar LIBOR and contain no or insufficient fallback provisions. The New York and other state laws were superseded by the LIBOR Act. On December 16, 2022, the Federal Reserve Board adopted a final rule implementing certain provisions of the LIBOR Act Regulation ZZ ). Regulation ZZ specifies that on the LIBOR replacement date, which is the first London banking day after June 30, 2023, the Federal Reserve Board-selected benchmark replacement, based on SOFR and including any tenor spread adjustment as provided by Regulation ZZ, will replace references to overnight 1, 3, 6, and 12-month LIBOR in certain contracts that do not mature before the LIBOR replacement date, and that do not contain adequate fallback language. We have negotiated amendments to our existing credit agreements governing such instruments that utilize LIBOR as a factor in determining the interest rate, in order to incorporate either SOFR or the U.S. Prime rate as the new alternative reference rate. To the extent that we need to negotiate further modifications to such credit agreements, or need to incorporate any conforming changes to the applicable credit spreads or margins, some or all of these credit agreements may bear interest at a lower rate, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition. We have and will continue to expend significant financial and other resources to comply with the requirements of being a public reporting entity. As a public reporting company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and certain requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Exchange Act requires that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, which are discussed below. See Business Regulation as a Business Development Company in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls, significant resources and management oversight is required. We will continue to implement procedures, processes, policies and practices for the purpose of addressing the standards and requirements applicable to public companies. These activities may divert management s attention from other initiatives, strategies or business concerns, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We expect to incur significant annual expenses related to these steps and, among other things, directors and officers liability insurance, director fees, reporting requirements of the SEC, transfer agent fees, additional administrative expenses payable to our Administrator to compensate them for hiring additional accounting, legal and administrative personnel, increased auditing and legal fees and similar expenses. The systems and resources necessary to comply with public company reporting requirements will increase further once we cease to be an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 JOBS Act ). As long as we remain an emerging growth company, we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will remain an emerging growth company for up to five years following our IPO, which we completed on October 21,2021, although if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700.0 million as of any June 30 before that time or we issue an aggregate of 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities in any three year period, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. See Business Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K. We are obligated to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting. Failure to achieve and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect on our business and the value of our common stock. We are obligated to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting, including the internal control evaluation and certification requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 404 ). We are required to conduct annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. However, our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until the date (i) we are no longer an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, and (ii) we become an accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. Accordingly, our internal controls over financial reporting may not currently meet all of the standards contemplated by Section 404 that we will eventually be required to meet. Our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, our business and operating results could be harmed and we could fail to meet our financial reporting obligations. 
 Equity Investments . When we invest in secured loans, we may acquire equity securities as well, including warrants. In addition, we may also, on a limited basis, invest directly in the equity securities of portfolio companies. The equity interests we receive may not appreciate in value and may in fact decline in value. Accordingly, we may not be able to realize gains from our equity interests, and any gains that we do realize on the disposition of any equity interests may not be sufficient to offset any other losses we experience. In addition, investing in small, fast-growing, private companies involves a number of significant risks, including the following: they may have limited financial resources and may be unable to meet their obligations under their debt securities that we hold. This failure to meet obligations may be accompanied by a deterioration in the value of any collateral and a reduction in the likelihood of us realizing any guarantees we may have obtained in connection with our investment; 

 they typically have shorter operating histories, narrower product lines and smaller market shares than larger businesses, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors actions, market conditions, and general economic downturns; 

 they are more likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of a small group of persons; therefore, the death, disability, resignation or termination of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse impact on our portfolio company and, in turn, on us; 

 they generally have less predictable operating results, may from time to time be parties to litigation, may be engaged in rapidly changing businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence, and may require substantial additional capital to support their operations, finance expansion, or maintain their competitive position. In addition, our executive officers, directors and RGC may, in the ordinary course of business, be named as defendants in litigation arising from our investments in the portfolio companies; and 

 they may have difficulty accessing the capital markets to meet future capital needs, which may limit their ability to grow or to repay their outstanding debt upon maturity. 

 Venture lenders, in general, focus on a limited set of key financial performance metrics, including minimum liquidity, performance to plan, and investor abandonment, in lieu of a full set of financial performance covenants that do not meaningfully assess the risk of companies at the stage of development of companies in which venture lenders typically invest. As such, many of our loans could be considered covenant-lite by traditional lending standards. We use the term covenant-lite loans to refer generally to loans that do not require a borrower to comply with financial maintenance covenants. Generally, covenant-lite loans permit borrowers more opportunity to negatively impact lenders because their covenants are incurrence-based, which means they are only tested and can only be breached following certain actions of the borrower, rather than by a deterioration in the borrower s financial condition. Accordingly, because we make and have exposure to covenant-lite loans, we may have less protection from borrower actions and may have a greater risk of loss on such investments as compared to investments in or exposure to loans with financial maintenance covenants. Investing in high growth-potential, private companies involves a high degree of risk, and our financial results may be affected adversely if one or more of our significant portfolio investments defaults on its loans or fails to perform as we expect. We expect that our portfolio will continue to consist primarily of debt investments in privately-owned companies, and to a lesser extent equity investments in privately-owned companies. Investing in these companies involves a number of significant risks. Typically, the debt in which we intend to invest will not be initially rated by any rating agency; however, we believe that if such investments were rated, they would generally be below investment grade. Securities rated below investment grade are often referred to as high yield securities and junk bonds, and are considered high risk and speculative in nature compared to debt instruments that are rated investment grade. Compared to larger publicly owned companies, these companies may be in a weaker financial position and may experience wider variations in their operating results, which may make them more vulnerable to economic downturns. Typically, these companies need more capital to compete; however, their access to capital is limited and their cost of capital is often higher than that of their competitors. Our portfolio companies face intense competition from larger companies with greater financial, technical, and marketing resources and their success typically depends on the managerial talents and efforts of an individual or a small group of persons. Therefore, the loss of any of its key employees could affect a portfolio company s ability to compete effectively and harm its financial condition. Further, some of these companies conduct business in regulated industries that are susceptible to regulatory changes, resulting in increased compliance measures and possibly more susceptibility to regulatory breaches or violations. These factors could impair the cash flow of our portfolio companies and result in other events, such as bankruptcy. These events could limit a portfolio company s ability to repay its obligations to us, which may have an adverse effect on the return on, or the recovery of, our investment in these businesses. Deterioration in a borrower s financial condition and prospects may be accompanied by deterioration in the value of the loan s collateral. Some of these companies cannot obtain financing from public capital markets or from traditional credit sources, such as commercial banks. Accordingly, the loans we make to these types of companies pose a higher default risk than loans made to companies that have access to traditional credit sources. An investment strategy focused primarily on privately held companies presents certain challenges, including the lack of available information about these companies and a greater vulnerability to economic downturns. We invest primarily in high growth-potential, privately held companies and these companies may not have third-party credit ratings or audited financial statements subject to public accounting standards or otherwise. Generally, little public information exists about these companies, and we are required to rely on the ability of RGC s investment team to obtain adequate financial or other information to evaluate the potential returns from investing in these companies. Furthermore, private companies and their financial information will not generally be subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and other rules that govern public companies. If we are unable to uncover all material information about these companies through our diligence and underwriting process, we may not make a fully informed investment decision. This could adversely affect our investment returns as compared to companies investing primarily in the securities of public companies. Inflation may adversely affect our and our portfolio companies business, results of operations and financial condition. Recent market indicators show a rise in inflation, and the Federal Reserve has raised certain benchmark interest rates in an effort to slow inflation. Certain of our portfolio companies may be impacted by inflation. If such portfolio companies are unable to pass any increases in their costs along to their customers, it could adversely affect their results and impact their ability to pay interest and principal on our loans. In addition, any projected future decreases in our portfolio companies operating results due to inflation could adversely impact the fair value of those investments. Any decreases in the fair value of our investments could result in future unrealized losses and therefore reduce our net assets resulting from operations. Our portfolio companies may have limited operating histories and financial resources. Our portfolio consists of investments in companies that may have relatively limited operating histories. Generally, limited public information exists about these companies, and we are required to rely on the ability of RGC s investment team to obtain adequate information to evaluate the potential returns from investing in these companies. If we are unable to uncover all material information about these companies, we may not make a fully informed investment decision, and we may lose money on our investments. These companies may be particularly vulnerable to U.S. economic downturns and may have limited access to capital. These companies also frequently have less diverse product lines and a smaller market presence than larger competitors and may experience substantial variations in operating results. These companies may face intense competition, including from companies with greater financial, technical, operational and marketing resources, and typically depend upon the expertise and experience of a single individual executive or a small management team. Our success depends, in large part, upon the abilities of the key management personnel of our portfolio companies, who are responsible for the day-to-day operations of our portfolio companies. Competition for qualified personnel is intense at any stage of a company s development, but even more so at the growth stage of the companies we typically invest in. The inability to attract and retain and/or the loss of one or more key managers can hinder or delay a company s implementation of its business plan and harm its financial condition, which could negatively affect our investment returns. In addition, our existing and future portfolio companies may compete with each other for investment or business opportunities and the success of one could negatively impact the other. Furthermore, some of our portfolio companies do business in regulated industries and could be affected by changes in government regulation. Accordingly, these factors could impair their cash flow or result in other events, such as bankruptcy, which could limit their ability to repay their obligations to us, and may materially and adversely affect the return on, or the recovery of, our investment. As a result, we may lose our entire investment in any of our portfolio companies. The financial projections of our portfolio companies could prove inaccurate. We generally evaluate the capital structure of portfolio companies on the basis of financial projections prepared by the management of such portfolio companies. These projected operating results are normally based primarily on judgments of the management of the portfolio companies. In all cases, projections are only estimates of future results that are based upon assumptions made at the time that the projections are developed. General economic conditions, which are not predictable with accuracy, along with other macroeconomic factors and specific factors of the portfolio company, may cause actual performance to fall short of the financial projections that were used to establish a given portfolio company s capital structure. Because of the leverage that is typically employed by our portfolio companies, this could cause a substantial decrease in the value of our investment in the portfolio company. The inaccuracy of financial projections of portfolio companies could thus cause our performance to fall short of our expectations. Our portfolio companies may incur debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies. We invest primarily in senior secured loans made to high growth-potential private companies but, on occasion make second lien loans to portfolio companies. Our portfolio companies may have, or may be permitted to incur, other debt that ranks equally with, or in some cases senior to, the debt in which we invest. By their terms, such debt instruments may entitle the holders to receive payment of interest or principal on or before the dates on which we are entitled to receive payments with respect to the debt instruments in which we invest. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization, or bankruptcy of a portfolio company, holders of debt instruments ranking senior to our investment in that portfolio company would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before we receive any distribution. After repaying such senior creditors, such portfolio company may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying its obligation to us. In the case of debt ranking equally with debt instruments in which we invest, we would have to share on an equal basis any distributions with other creditors holding such debt in the event of an insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization, or bankruptcy of the relevant portfolio company. In the case of second lien loans that we make to portfolio companies, we would not recover any of our principal amount of the loan until the first lien holder is fully repaid, which would likely result in us recovering less or no amounts due on our loan and, in turn, could have a materials adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. There may be circumstances in which our debt investments could be subordinated to claims of other creditors or we could be subject to lender liability claims. Even though we intend to structure most of our debt investments as secured loans, if one of our portfolio companies were to go bankrupt, depending on the facts and circumstances, and based upon principles of equitable subordination as defined by existing case law, a bankruptcy court could subordinate all or a portion of our claim to that of other creditors and transfer any lien securing such subordinated claim to the bankruptcy estate. The principles of equitable subordination defined by case law have generally indicated that a claim may be subordinated only if its holder is guilty of misconduct or where the senior loan is re-characterized as an equity investment and the senior lender has actually provided significant managerial assistance to the bankrupt debtor. In our case, we may, if requested to do so, provide managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. We may also be subject to lender liability claims for actions taken by us with respect to a borrower s business or instances where we exercise control over the borrower. It is possible that we could become subject to a lender s liability claim, including as a result of actions taken in rendering significant managerial assistance or actions to compel and collect payments from the borrower outside the ordinary course of business. Second priority liens on collateral securing loans that we make to our portfolio companies may be subject to control by senior creditors with first priority liens. If there is a default, the value of the collateral may not be sufficient to repay in full both the first priority creditors and us. Certain loans that we make will be secured by a second priority security interest in the same collateral pledged by a portfolio company to secure senior debt owed by the portfolio company to commercial banks or other traditional lenders. Often the senior lender has procured covenants from the portfolio company prohibiting the incurrence of additional secured debt without the senior lender s consent. Prior to and as a condition of permitting the portfolio company to borrow money from us secured by the same collateral pledged to the senior lender, the senior lender may require assurances that it will control the disposition of any collateral in the event of bankruptcy or other default. In many such cases, the senior lender will require us to enter into an intercreditor agreement prior to permitting the portfolio company to borrow from us. Typically the intercreditor agreements we will be requested to execute will expressly subordinate our debt instruments to those held by the senior lender and further provide that the senior lender will control: (1) the commencement of foreclosure or other proceedings to liquidate and collect on the collateral; (2) the nature, timing, and conduct of foreclosure or other collection proceedings; (3) the amendment of any collateral document; (4) the release of the security interests in respect of any collateral; and (5) the waiver of defaults under any security agreement. Because of the control we may cede to senior lenders under intercreditor agreements we may enter, we may be unable to realize the proceeds of any collateral securing some of our loans. We may be subject to risks associated with our investments in covenant-lite loans. Venture lenders, in general, focus on a limited set of key financial performance metrics, including minimum liquidity, performance to plan, and investor abandonment, in lieu of a full set of financial performance covenants that do not meaningfully assess the risk of companies at the stage of development of companies in which venture lenders typically invest. As such, many of our loans could be considered covenant-lite by traditional lending standards. We have made and may in the future make or obtain significant exposure to covenant-lite loans, which generally are loans that do not require a borrower to comply with financial maintenance covenants, and may not include terms that allow the lender to monitor the financial performance of the borrower, including financial ratios, and declare a default if certain financial criteria are breached. While these loans may still contain other collateral protections, a covenant-lite loan may carry more risk than a covenant-heavy loan made by the same borrower as it does not require the borrower to provide affirmation that certain specific financial tests have been satisfied on a routine basis as is generally required under a covenant-heavy loan agreement. Generally, covenant-lite loans permit borrowers more opportunity to negatively impact lenders because their covenants, if any, tend to be incurrence-based, which means they are only tested and can only be breached following certain actions of the borrower, rather than by a deterioration in the borrower s financial condition. Our investment in or exposure to a covenant-lite loan may potentially hinder our ability to reprice credit risk associated with the issuer and reduce our ability to restructure a problematic loan and mitigate potential loss. As a result, our exposure to losses may be increased, which could result in an adverse impact on our revenues, net income and net asset value. The lack of liquidity in our investments may adversely affect our business. We typically invest in companies whose securities are not publicly traded, and whose securities will be subject to legal and other restrictions on resale or will otherwise be less liquid than publicly traded securities. There is typically no established trading market for the securities in which we invest. The illiquidity of these investments may make it difficult for us to sell these investments when desired. In addition, if we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio quickly, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we had previously recorded these investments. As a result, we do not expect to achieve liquidity in our investments in the near-term and, in particular, with respect to the equity securities we acquire in our portfolio companies. Our investments are typically subject to contractual or legal restrictions on resale or are otherwise illiquid because there is no established trading market for such investments. The illiquidity of our investments may make it difficult for us to dispose of them at a favorable price or at all, and we may suffer losses as a result. Our failure to make follow-on investments in our portfolio companies could impair the value of our portfolio. Following an initial investment in a portfolio company, we may make additional investments in that portfolio company as follow-on investments, in order to: (1) increase or maintain in whole or in part our equity ownership percentage; (2) exercise warrants, options, or convertible securities that were acquired in the original or a subsequent financing; or (3) attempt to preserve or enhance the value of our investment. However, we may elect not to make follow-on investments or lack sufficient funds to make those investments. We will have the discretion to make any follow-on investments, subject to the availability of capital resources. The failure to make follow-on investments may, in some circumstances, jeopardize the continued viability of a portfolio company and our initial investment or may result in a missed opportunity for us to increase our participation in a successful operation. Even if we have sufficient capital to make a desired follow-on investment, we may elect not to make a follow-on investment because we do not want to increase our concentration of risk, we prefer other opportunities, we are subject to BDC requirements that would prevent such follow-on investments, or the follow-on investment would affect our qualification as a RIC. Our portfolio may lack diversification among portfolio companies, which subjects us to a risk of significant loss if one or more of these companies default on their repayment obligations under any of their debt instruments. Our portfolio may hold a limited number of portfolio companies. Beyond the asset diversification requirements associated with our qualification as a RIC, we do not have fixed guidelines for diversification, and our investments may be concentrated in relatively few companies. As our portfolio is less diversified than the portfolios of some larger funds, we are more susceptible to failure if a single loan fails. As a result, if a significant loan fails to perform as expected, our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows could be more negatively affected and the magnitude of the loss could be more significant than if we had made smaller investments in more companies. Similarly, the aggregate returns we realize may be significantly adversely affected if a small number of investments perform poorly or if we need to write down the value of any one investment. Our portfolio may be concentrated in a limited number of industries, which will subject us to a risk of significant loss if there is a downturn in a particular industry in which a number of our investments are concentrated. Our portfolio is concentrated in a limited number of industries. We invest primarily in companies focused in technology, life sciences, healthcare information and services, business services, select consumer services and products and other high growth industries. A downturn in any particular industry in which we are invested could significantly impact the aggregate returns we realize. As our portfolio may be less diversified than the portfolios of other investment vehicles, we may be more susceptible to losses if a single loan is not repaid. Similarly, the aggregate returns we realize may be significantly adversely affected if a small number of investments perform poorly or if we need to write down the value of any one investment. Our portfolio may lack diversification among our Sponsored Growth Lending and Non-Sponsored Growth Lending strategies and among sponsors within the Sponsored Growth Lending strategy. Our objective is to build a balanced portfolio with diversification among sponsored and non-sponsored transactions, diversification among sponsors within the Sponsored Growth Lending strategy, and diversification among industry, geography, and stage of development generally, which we believe will contribute to a favorable risk adjusted return for the portfolio viewed as a whole. If we are unable to achieve diversification or retain it, we may not achieve favorable risk adjusted returns for the portfolio viewed as a whole. We invest in sectors including technology, life sciences, healthcare information and services, business services, select consumer services and products and other high-growth industries, which are subject to specific risks related to each. We intend to continue to invest the largest portions of our portfolio in technology, life sciences, healthcare information and services, business services, select consumer services and products and other high-growth industries. Our portfolio companies may address needs in technology-related industries and markets. We expect that our technology portfolio will consist of companies that commercialize and integrate products targeted at technology-related markets. There are risks in investing in companies that target technology-related markets, including rapid and sometimes dramatic price erosion of products, the reliance on capital and debt markets to finance large capital outlays, including fabrication facilities, the reliance on partners outside of the United States, particularly in Asia, and inherent cyclicality of the technology market in general. As a result of multiple factors, access to capital may be difficult or impossible for companies in our portfolio that are pursuing these markets. We may be subject to risks associated with our investments in life sciences-related companies. Our life sciences portfolio consists primarily of companies that commercialize and integrate products in life sciences-related industries, including biotechnology, drug discovery, drug delivery, bioinformatics and medical devices. There are risks in investing in companies that target life sciences-related industries, including, but not limited to, the uncertainty of timing and results of clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of products; failure to obtain any required regulatory approval of products; failure to develop manufacturing processes that meet regulatory standards; competition, in particular from companies that develop rival products; and the ability to protect proprietary technology. Adverse developments in any of these areas may adversely affect the value of our life sciences portfolio. This life sciences industry is dominated by large multinational corporations with substantially greater financial and technical resources than generally will be available to our portfolio companies. Such large corporations may be better able to adapt to the challenges presented by continuing rapid and major scientific, regulatory and technological changes as well as related changes in governmental and third-party reimbursement policies. Within the life sciences industry, the development of products generally is a costly and time-consuming process. Many highly promising products ultimately fail to prove to be safe and effective. There can be no assurance that the research or product development efforts of our portfolio companies or those of their collaborative partners will be successfully completed, that specific products can be manufactured in adequate quantities at an acceptable cost and with appropriate quality, or that such products can be successfully marketed or achieve customer acceptance. There can be no assurance that a product will be relevant and/or be competitive with products from other companies following the costly, time-consuming process of its development. The research, development, manufacturing, and marketing of products developed by some life sciences companies are subject to extensive regulation by numerous government authorities in the United States and other countries. There can be no assurance that products developed by the portfolio companies will ever be approved by such governmental authorities. Many life sciences portfolio companies will depend heavily upon intellectual property for their competitive position. There can be no assurance that the portfolio companies will be able to obtain patents for key inventions. Moreover, within the life sciences industry, patent challenges are frequent. Even if patents held by the portfolio companies are upheld, any challenges thereto may be costly and distracting to the portfolio companies management. Some of the life sciences portfolio companies will be at least partially dependent for their success upon governmental and third-party reimbursement policies that are under constant review and are subject to change at any time. Any such change could adversely affect the viability of one or more portfolio companies. Technology-related sectors, including those involving data processing and outsourced services, in which we invest are subject to many risks, including volatility, intense competition, decreasing life cycles, product obsolescence, changing consumer preferences and periodic downturns. Given the experience of RGC s senior investment professionals within the technology space, a number of the companies in which we intend to invest operate in technology-related sectors. The revenue, income (or losses) and valuations of technology-related companies can and often do fluctuate suddenly and dramatically. In addition, because of rapid technological change, the average selling prices of products and some services provided by technology-related sectors have historically decreased over their productive lives. As a result, the average selling prices of products and services offered by our portfolio companies that operated in technology-related sectors may decrease over time, which could adversely affect their operating results and, correspondingly, the value of any securities that we may hold. This could, in turn, materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Specifically, our investments in electronic equipment may be subject to risks unique to this industry. The products manufactured in the electronic equipment industry are subject to rapid technological change and intense competition. The electronic equipment industry is also subject to fluctuations in demand, which may adversely affect the operating results of our portfolio companies in this industry. Certain technology-related industries are subject to extensive government regulation, which exposes us to the risk of significant loss if any of these industry sectors experiences a downturn. Our portfolio companies in technology-related industries may be subject to extensive regulation by U.S. and foreign federal, state and/or local agencies. Changes in existing laws, rules or regulations, or judicial or administrative interpretations thereof, or new laws, rules or regulations could have an adverse impact on the business and industries of our portfolio companies. In addition, changes in government priorities or limitations on government resources could also adversely impact our portfolio companies. We are unable to predict whether any such changes in laws, rules or regulations will occur and, if they do occur, the impact of these changes on our portfolio companies and our investment returns. Furthermore, if any of our portfolio companies were to fail to comply with applicable regulations, they could be subject to significant penalties and claims that could materially and adversely affect their operations. Our portfolio companies may be subject to the expense, delay and uncertainty of the regulatory approval process for their products and, even if approved, these products may not be accepted in the marketplace. As of December 31, 2022, our investments in healthcare technology represented 21.4 of our portfolio at fair value. Our investments in healthcare technology are subject to substantial risks, including, but not limited to, the risk that the laws and regulations governing the business of health care companies, and interpretations thereof, may change frequently. Current or future laws and regulations could force our portfolio companies engaged in health care, to change their policies related to how they operate, restrict revenue, change costs, change reserve levels and change business practices. Any of our portfolio companies operating in the healthcare information and services industry are subject to extensive government regulation and certain other risks particular to that industry. Our portfolio companies may be subject to extensive regulation by U.S. and foreign federal, stated and/or local agencies. Our healthcare information and services portfolio companies provide technology to companies that are subject to extensive regulation, including Medicare and Medicaid payment rules and regulation, the False Claims Act and federal and state laws regarding the collection, use and disclosure of patient health information and the storage handling and administration of pharmaceuticals. Changes in existing laws, rules or regulations, or judicial or administrative interpretations, or new laws, rules or regulations could have an adverse impact on the business and industries of our portfolio companies. In addition, changes in government priorities or limitations on government resources could also adversely impact our portfolio companies. If any of our portfolio companies or the companies to which they provide such technology fail to comply with applicable regulations, they could be subject to significant penalties and claims that could materially and adversely affect their operations. Portfolio companies in the healthcare information and services industry are also subject to the risk that changes in applicable regulations will render their technology obsolete or less desirable in the marketplace. We are unable to predict whether any such changes in laws, rules or regulations will occur and, if they do occur, the impact of these changes on our portfolio companies and our investment returns. Portfolio companies in the healthcare information and services industry may also have a limited number of suppliers of necessary components or a limited number of manufacturers for their products, and therefore face a risk of disruption to their manufacturing process if they are unable to find alternative suppliers when needed. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect the operations of a portfolio company in this industry and, in turn, impair our ability to timely collect principal and interest payments owed to us. The internet retail industry is subject to many risks and is highly competitive. A number of the companies in which we invest operate in the internet retail industry. The internet retail industry is highly competitive. This competition is increasingly intense as a number of internet-based retailers have started and failed in recent years. Competitors include larger companies than the portfolio companies in which we invest, which, in particular, may have access to greater resources, and may be more successful in the recruitment and retention of qualified employees which may give them a competitive advantage. In addition, actual or potential competitors may be strengthened through the acquisition of additional assets and interests. If our portfolio companies are unable to compete effectively or adequately respond to competitive pressures, this inability may materially adversely affect our results of operation and financial condition. We may be subject to risks associated with our investments in the software industry. Portfolio companies in the software industry are subject to a number of risks. The revenue, income (or losses) and valuations of software and other technology-related companies can and often do fluctuate suddenly and dramatically. In addition, because of rapid technological change, the average selling prices of software products have historically decreased over their productive lives. As a result, the average selling prices of software offered by our portfolio companies may decrease over time, which could adversely affect their operating results and, correspondingly, the value of any securities that we may hold. Additionally, companies operating in the software industry are subject to vigorous competition, changing technology, changing client and end-consumer needs, evolving industry standards and frequent introductions of new products and services. Our portfolio companies in the software industry compete with several companies that operate in the global, regional and local software industries, and certain of those current or potential competitors may be engaged in a greater range of businesses, have a larger installed base of customers for their existing products and services or have greater financial, technical, sales or other resources than our portfolio companies do. Our portfolio companies may lose market share if their competitors introduce or acquire new products that compete with their software and related services or add new features to their products. Any of this could, in turn, materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our portfolio companies operating in the human resources and employment services industry operate in a complex regulatory environment, and failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could adversely affect the business of our portfolio companies. Certain of our portfolio companies that operate in the human resource industry are subject to a broad range of complex and evolving laws and regulations, including those applicable to payroll practices, benefits administration, employment practices, workers compensation coverage, and privacy. Because our portfolio companies have clients with employees in many states throughout the United States, our portfolio companies must perform services in compliance with the legal and regulatory requirements of multiple jurisdictions. Some of these laws and regulations may be difficult to ascertain or interpret and may change from time to time. Violation of such laws and regulations could subject our portfolio companies to fines and penalties, damage their reputation, constitute a breach of client agreements, impair our portfolio companies ability to obtain and renew required licenses, and decrease our portfolio companies profitability or competitiveness. If any of these effects were to occur, our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. Because we generally do not hold controlling equity interests in our portfolio companies, we may not be in a position to exercise control over our portfolio companies or to prevent decisions by management of our portfolio companies that could decrease the value of our investments. In some instances, we may control our portfolio companies or provide our portfolio companies with significant managerial assistance. However, although we may do so in the future, we typically do not hold controlling equity positions in our portfolio companies. Thus, we generally do not, and do not expect to, control the decision making in many of our portfolio companies. As a result, we are subject to the risk that a portfolio company in which we invest will make business decisions with which we disagree and the management of such company, as representatives of the holders of their common equity, will take risks or otherwise act in ways that do not serve our interests as debt investors. Due to the lack of liquidity of the debt and equity investments that we typically hold in our portfolio companies, we may not be able to dispose of our interests as readily as we would like or at an appropriate valuation in the event we disagree with the actions of a portfolio company. As a result, a portfolio company may make decisions that would decrease the value of our investments. Defaults by our portfolio companies will harm our operating results. A portfolio company s failure to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by us or other lenders could lead to defaults and, potentially, termination of its loans and foreclosure on its secured assets, which could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements and jeopardize a portfolio company s ability to meet its obligations under the debt or equity securities that we hold. We may incur expenses to the extent necessary to seek recovery upon default or to negotiate new terms which may include the waiver of certain financial covenants with a defaulting portfolio company. These expenses could materially and adversely affect our operating results and cash flow. If our portfolio companies are unable to commercialize their technologies, products, business concepts or services, the returns on our investments could be adversely affected. The value of our investments in our portfolio companies may decline if they are not able to commercialize their technology, products, business concepts or services. Additionally, although some of our portfolio companies may already have a commercially successful product or product line at the time of our investment, information technology, e-commerce and life science products and services often have a more limited market or life span than products in other industries. Thus, the ultimate success of these companies often depends on their ability to continually innovate in increasingly competitive markets. If they are unable to do so, our investment returns could be adversely affected and their ability to service their debt obligations to us over the term of the loan could be impaired. Our portfolio companies may be unable to successfully acquire or develop any new products, and the intellectual property they currently hold may not remain viable. Even if our portfolio companies are able to develop commercially viable products, the market for new products and services is highly competitive and rapidly changing. Neither our portfolio companies nor we will have any control over the pace of technology development. Commercial success is difficult to predict, and the marketing efforts of our portfolio companies may not be successful. If our portfolio companies are unable to protect their intellectual property rights, our business and prospects could be harmed, and if portfolio companies are required to devote significant resources to protecting their intellectual property rights, the value of our investment could be reduced. Our future success and competitive position will depend in part upon the ability of our portfolio companies to obtain, maintain and protect proprietary technology used in their products and services. The intellectual property held by our portfolio companies often represents a substantial portion of the collateral securing our investments and/or constitutes a significant portion of the portfolio companies value and may be available in a downside scenario to repay our loans. Our portfolio companies rely, in part, on patent, trade secret, and trademark law to protect that technology, but competitors may misappropriate their intellectual property, and disputes as to ownership of intellectual property may arise. Portfolio companies may, from time to time, be required to institute litigation to enforce their patents, copyrights, or other intellectual property rights; protect their trade secrets; determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others; or defend against claims of infringement. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources. Similarly, if a portfolio company is found to infringe or misappropriate a third party s patent or other proprietary rights, it could be required to pay damages to the third party, alter its products or processes, obtain a license from the third party, and/or cease activities utilizing the proprietary rights, including making or selling products utilizing the proprietary rights. Any of the foregoing events could negatively affect both the portfolio company s ability to service our debt investment and the value of any related debt and equity securities that we own, as well as any collateral securing our investment. Any unrealized losses we experience on our loan portfolio may be an indication of future realized losses, which could reduce our income available for distribution. As a BDC, we are required to carry our investments at market value or, if no market value is ascertainable, at the fair value as determined in good faith by our Board of Directors. Decreases in the market values or fair values of our investments will be recorded as unrealized depreciation. Any unrealized losses in our loan portfolio could be an indication of a portfolio company s inability to meet its repayment obligations to us with respect to the affected loans. This could result in realized losses in the future and ultimately in reductions of our income available for distribution in future periods. Prepayments of our debt investments by our portfolio companies could adversely impact our results of operations and reduce our return on equity. We are subject to the risk that the investments we make in our portfolio companies may be repaid prior to maturity. When this occurs, we will generally reinvest these proceeds in temporary investments, pending future investment in new portfolio companies. These temporary investments will typically have substantially lower yields than the yields of the loans being prepaid and we could experience significant delays in reinvesting these amounts. Any future investment in a new portfolio company may also be at lower yields than the debt that was previously prepaid by a portfolio company. As a result, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected if any of our portfolio companies elect to prepay amounts owed to us. Additionally, prepayments of loans made to portfolio companies could negatively impact our return on equity. Our investments in leveraged portfolio companies may be risky, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Some of our portfolio companies may be highly leveraged, which may have adverse consequences to these companies and to us as an investor. These companies may be subject to restrictive financial and operating covenants and the leverage may impair these companies ability to finance their future operations and capital needs. As a result, these companies flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions and to take advantage of business opportunities may be limited. Further, a leveraged company s income and net assets will tend to increase or decrease at a greater rate than if borrowed money were not used. Leveraged companies may enter into bankruptcy proceedings at higher rates than companies that are not leveraged. We may not realize gains from our equity investments. Investments in equity securities involve a number of significant risks, including the risk of further dilution as a result of additional issuances, inability to access additional capital and failure to pay current distributions. Investments in preferred securities involve special risks, such as the risk of deferred distributions, credit risk, illiquidity restraining our ability to transfer or sell such securities and limited voting rights. In addition, we may from time to time make non-control, equity investments in portfolio companies. Our goal is ultimately to realize gains upon our disposition of such equity interests. However, the equity interests we receive may not appreciate in value and, in fact, may decline in value. Accordingly, we may not be able to realize gains from our equity interests, and any gains that we do realize on the disposition of any equity interests may not be sufficient to offset any other losses we experience. We also may be unable to realize any value if a portfolio company does not have a liquidity event, such as a sale of the business, recapitalization or public offering, which would allow us to sell the underlying equity interests. We will sometimes seek puts or similar rights to give us the right to sell our equity securities back to the portfolio company issuer. We may be unable to exercise these put rights for the consideration provided in our investment documents if the issuer is in financial distress. We may expose ourselves to risks if we engage in hedging transactions. If we engage in hedging transactions, we may expose ourselves to risks associated with such transactions. We may utilize instruments such as forward contracts, credit default swaps, currency options and interest rate swaps, caps, collars and floors to seek to hedge against fluctuations in the relative values of our portfolio positions from changes in currency exchange rates and market interest rates. Hedging against a decline in the values of our portfolio positions does not eliminate the possibility of fluctuations in the values of such positions or prevent losses if the values of such positions decline. However, such hedging can establish other positions designed to gain from those same developments, thereby offsetting the decline in the value of such portfolio positions. Such hedging transactions may also limit the opportunity for gain if the values of the underlying portfolio positions increase. It may not be possible to hedge against an exchange rate or interest rate fluctuation that is so generally anticipated that we are not able to enter into a hedging transaction at an acceptable price. Moreover, for a variety of reasons, we may not seek to establish a perfect correlation between such hedging instruments and the portfolio holdings being hedged. Any such imperfect correlation may prevent us from achieving the intended hedge and expose us to risk of loss. In addition, it may not be possible to hedge fully or perfectly against currency fluctuations affecting the value of securities denominated in non-U.S. currencies because the value of those securities is likely to fluctuate as a result of factors not related to currency fluctuations. Our investments in portfolio companies may expose us to environmental risks. We may invest in portfolio companies that are subject to changing and increasingly stringent environmental and health and safety laws, regulations and permit requirements and environmental costs that could place increasing financial burdens on such portfolio entities. Required expenditures for environmental compliance may adversely impact investment returns on portfolio companies. The imposition of new environmental and other laws, regulations and initiatives could adversely affect the business operations and financial stability of such portfolio companies. There can be no guarantee that all costs and risks regarding compliance with environmental laws and regulations can be identified. New and more stringent environmental and health and safety laws, regulations and permit requirements or stricter interpretations of current laws or regulations could impose substantial additional costs on our portfolio companies. Compliance with such current or future environmental requirements does not ensure that the operations of the portfolio companies will not cause injury to the environment or to people under all circumstances or that the portfolio companies will not be required to incur additional unforeseen environmental expenditures. Moreover, failure to comply with any such requirements could have a material adverse effect on a portfolio company, and we can offer no assurance that any such portfolio companies will at all times comply with all applicable environmental laws, regulations and permit requirements. 
 part of the Advisory Agreement, we will indemnify RGC and its professionals from and against any claims or liabilities, including reasonable legal fees and other expenses reasonably incurred, arising out of or in connection with our business and operations or any action taken or omitted on our behalf pursuant to authority granted by the Advisory Agreement, except where attributable to gross negligence, willful misfeasance, bad faith or reckless disregard of such person s duties under the Advisory Agreement. The valuation process for certain of our investments may create a conflict of interest. For the majority of our investments, no market-based price quotation is available. As a result, our Board of Directors determines the fair value of these securities in good faith as described in Our portfolio securities may not have a readily available market price and, in such a case, we will value these securities at fair value as determined in good faith under procedures adopted by our Board of Directors, which valuation is inherently subjective and may not reflect what we may actually realize for the sale of the investment. In connection with that determination, RGC s investment team provides our Board of Directors with valuation recommendations based upon the most recent and available information, which generally includes industry outlook, capitalization, financial statements and projected financial results of each portfolio company. Our Board of Directors utilizes the services of certain independent third-party valuation firms to aid it in determining the fair value of these investments. The Board of Directors discusses valuations and determines the fair value in good faith based on the input of RGC, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors and the applicable third-party valuation firm. The participation of RGC s investment team in our valuation process, and the pecuniary interest in RGC by certain members of our Board of Directors, could result in a conflict of interest as RGC s base management fee is based, in part, on the value of our average adjusted gross assets, and RGC s incentive fee is based, in part, on realized gains and realized and unrealized losses. We may pay our Adviser an incentive fee on certain investments that include a deferred interest feature. We underwrite our loans to generally include an end-of-term payment, a PIK interest payment and/or original issue discount. Our end-of-term payments are contractual and fixed interest payments due at the maturity date of the loan, including upon prepayment, and are generally a fixed percentage of the original principal balance of the loan. The portion of our end-of-term payments, which equal the difference between our yield-to-maturity and the stated interest rate on the loan, are recognized as non-cash income or original issue discount until they are paid. In addition, in connection with our equity-related investments, we may be required to accrue original issue discount, which decreases the balance on our secured loans by an amount equal to the value of the warrant investment we receive in connection with the applicable secured loan over its lifetime. Under these types of investments, we accrue interest during the life of the loan on the end-of-term payment, PIK interest payment and/or original issue discount but do not receive the cash income from the investment until the end of the term. However, our pre-incentive fee net investment income, which is used to calculate the income portion of our incentive fee, includes accrued interest. Thus, a portion of this incentive fee is based on income that we have not yet received in cash, such as an end-of-term payment, a PIK interest payment and/or original issue discount. 
 We cannot predict whether our common stock will trade at, above or below net asset value. In addition, if our common stock trades below its net asset value, we will generally not be able to sell additional shares of our common stock to the public at its market price without first obtaining the approval of our stockholders and our independent directors for such issuance. A stockholder s interest in us will be diluted if we issue additional shares, which could reduce the overall value of an investment in us. Our stockholders do not have preemptive rights to purchase any shares we issue in the future. Our charter authorizes us to issue up to 100.0 million shares of common stock. Pursuant to our charter, a majority of our entire Board of Directors may amend our charter to increase the number of shares of common stock we may issue without stockholder approval. Our Board of Directors may elect to sell additional shares in the future or issue equity interests in private offerings. To the extent we issue additional equity interests at or below net asset value, your percentage ownership interest in us may be diluted. In addition, depending upon the terms and pricing of any additional offerings and the value of our investments, you may also experience dilution in the book value and fair value of your shares. Under the 1940 Act, we generally are prohibited from issuing or selling our common stock at a price below net asset value per share, which may be a disadvantage as compared with certain public companies. We may, however, sell our common stock, or warrants, options, or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the current net asset value of our common stock if our Board of Directors and independent directors determine that such sale is in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders, and our stockholders approve such sale. In any such case, the price at which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price that, in the determination of our Board of Directors, closely approximates the fair value of such securities (less any distributing commission or discount). If we raise additional funds by issuing common stock or senior securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, our common stock, then the percentage ownership of our stockholders at that time will decrease and you will experience dilution. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. Any shares of our common stock that were outstanding prior to the completion of the IPO are restricted securities under the meaning of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act and may only be sold if such sale is registered under the Securities Act or exempt from registration, including the exemption under Rule 144. As of December 31, 2022, OCM owned approximately 52 of our total outstanding shares. Subject to applicable securities laws, including Rule 144, sales of substantial amounts of our common stock, or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect the prevailing market prices for our common stock. If these sales occur, it could impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities should we desire to do so. We cannot predict what effect, if any, future sales of securities, or the availability of securities for future sales, will have on the market price of our common stock prevailing from time to time. Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. The investments we make in accordance with our investment objective may result in a higher amount of risk than alternative investment options, including volatility or loss of principal. Our investments in portfolio companies may be highly speculative and aggressive and, therefore, an investment in our common stock may not be suitable for someone with lower risk tolerance. The market value of our common stock may fluctuate significantly. The market value and liquidity, if any, of the market for shares of our common stock may be significantly affected by numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control and may not be directly related to our operating performance. These factors include: changes in the value of our portfolio of investments and derivative instruments as a result of changes in market factors, such as interest rate shifts, and also portfolio specific performance, such as portfolio company defaults, among other reasons; 

 changes in regulatory policies or tax guidelines, particularly with respect to RICs or BDCs; 

 loss of RIC or BDC status; 

 distributions that exceed our net investment income and net income as reported according to U.S. GAAP; 

 changes in earnings or variations in operating results; 

 changes in accounting guidelines governing valuation of our investments; 

 any shortfall in revenue or net income or any increase in losses from levels expected by investors; 

 departure of our Adviser or certain of its key personnel; 

 general economic trends and other external factors; and 

 loss of a major funding source. 

 The amount of any distributions we may make is uncertain. We may not be able to pay you distributions, or be able to sustain distributions at any particular level, and our distributions per share, if any, may not grow over time, and our distributions per share may be reduced. We have not established any limit on the extent to which we may use borrowings, if any, to sustain distributions and we may also use offering proceeds to fund distributions (which may reduce the amount of capital we ultimately invest in portfolio companies). Subject to our Board of Director s discretion and applicable legal restrictions, we intend to authorize and declare cash distributions and pay such distributions on a quarterly basis. We expect to pay distributions out of assets legally available for distribution. However, we cannot assure you that we will achieve investment results that will allow us to make a consistent targeted level of distributions or year-to-year increases in distributions. Our ability to pay distributions might be adversely affected by the impact of the risks described herein. In addition, the inability to satisfy the asset coverage test applicable to us as a BDC under the 1940 Act can limit our ability to pay distributions. Distributions from offering proceeds also could reduce the amount of capital we ultimately invest in debt or equity securities of portfolio companies. We cannot assure you that we will pay distributions to our stockholders in the future. See Business Regulation as a Business Development Company in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K. Distributions on our common stock may exceed our taxable earnings and profits. Therefore, portions of the distributions that we pay may represent a return of capital to you. A return of capital is a return of a portion of your original investment in shares of our common stock. As a result, a return of capital will (i) lower your adjusted tax basis in your shares and thereby increase the amount of capital gain (or decrease the amount of capital loss) realized upon a subsequent sale or redemption of such shares, and (ii) reduce the amount of funds we have for investment in portfolio companies. We may pay our distributions from offering proceeds in anticipation of future cash flow, which may constitute a return of your capital and will lower your adjusted tax basis in your shares, thereby increasing the amount of capital gain (or decreasing the amount of capital loss) realized upon a subsequent sale or redemption of such shares, even if such shares have not increased in value or have, in fact, lost value. Stockholders may experience dilution in the net asset value of their shares if they do not participate in our Dividend Reinvestment Plan and if our shares are trading at a discount to net asset value. All distributions declared in cash payable to stockholders that are participants in our Dividend Reinvestment Plan will be automatically reinvested in shares of our common stock. In addition, stockholders who elect not to participate in our Dividend Reinvestment Plan may experience accretion to the net asset value of their shares if our shares are trading at a premium to net asset value and dilution if our shares are trading at a discount to net asset value. The level of accretion or discount would depend on various factors, including the proportion of our stockholders who participate in the plan, the level of premium or discount at which our shares are trading and the amount of the distribution payable to stockholders. If we issue preferred stock or convertible debt securities, the net asset value of our common stock may become more volatile. We may issue preferred stock or convertible debt in the future. We cannot assure you that the issuance of preferred stock and/or convertible debt securities would result in a higher yield or return to the holders of our common stock. The issuance of preferred stock or convertible debt would likely cause the net asset value of our common stock to become more volatile. If the dividend rate on the preferred stock, or the interest rate on the convertible debt securities, were to approach the net rate of return on our investment portfolio, the benefit of such leverage to the holders of our common stock would be reduced. If the dividend rate on the preferred stock, or the interest rate on the convertible debt securities, were to exceed the net rate of return on our portfolio, the use of leverage would result in a lower rate of return to the holders of common stock than if we had not issued the preferred stock or convertible debt securities. Any decline in the net asset value of our investment would be borne entirely by the holders of our common stock. Therefore, if the market value of our portfolio were to decline, the leverage would result in a greater decrease in net asset value to the holders of our common stock than if we were not leveraged through the issuance of preferred stock or debt securities. This decline in net asset value would also tend to cause a greater decline in the market price, if any, for our common stock. There is also a risk that, in the event of a sharp decline in the value of our net assets, we would be in danger of failing to maintain required asset coverage ratios, which may be required by the preferred stock or convertible debt, or our current investment income might not be sufficient to meet the dividend requirements on the preferred stock or the interest payments on the debt securities. In order to counteract such an event, we might need to liquidate investments in order to fund the redemption of some or all of the preferred stock or convertible debt. In addition, we would pay (and the holders of our common stock would bear) all costs and expenses relating to the issuance and ongoing maintenance of the preferred stock, debt securities, convertible debt, or any combination of these securities. Holders of preferred stock or convertible debt may have different interests than holders of common stock and may at times have disproportionate influence over our affairs. Provisions of the MGCL and of our charter and bylaws could deter takeover attempts and have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. Under Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL and our charter and bylaws contain provisions that may discourage, delay or make more difficult a change in control of us or the removal of our directors. We are subject to the Maryland Business Combination Act, subject to any applicable requirements of the 1940 Act. Our Board has adopted a resolution exempting from the Business Combination Act any business combination between us and any other person, subject to prior approval of such business combination by our Board, including approval by a majority of our disinterested directors. If the resolution exempting business combinations is repealed or our Board does not approve a business combination, the Business Combination Act may discourage third parties from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating such an offer. Our bylaws exempt from the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act (the Control Share Act acquisitions of our stock by any person. If we amend our bylaws to repeal the exemption from the Control Share Act, the Control Share Act also may make it more difficult for a third party to obtain control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating such a transaction. The SEC staff has rescinded its position that, under the 1940 Act, an investment company may not avail itself of the Control Share Act. As a result, we will amend our bylaws to be subject to the Control Share Act only if our Board of Directors determines it would be in our best interests. We have also adopted measures that may make it difficult for a third party to obtain control of us, including provisions of our charter classifying our Board in three classes serving staggered three-year terms, and authorizing our Board to classify or reclassify shares of our stock in one or more classes or series, to cause the issuance of additional shares of our stock, to amend our bylaws without stockholder approval and to increase or decrease the number of shares of stock that we have authority to issue. These provisions, as well as other provisions of our charter and bylaws, may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. Our Board of Directors is authorized to reclassify any unissued shares of common stock into one or more classes of preferred stock, which could convey special rights and privileges to its owners. Under the MGCL and our charter, our Board of Directors is authorized to classify and reclassify any authorized but unissued shares of stock into one or more classes of stock, including preferred stock. Prior to the issuance of shares of each class or series, the Board of Directors is required by Maryland law and our charter to set the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption for each class or series. Thus, the Board of Directors could authorize the issuance of shares of preferred stock with terms and conditions which could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock or otherwise be in their best interest. The cost of any such reclassification would be borne by our existing common stockholders. Certain matters under the 1940 Act require the separate vote of the holders of any issued and outstanding preferred stock. For example, holders of preferred stock would vote separately from the holders of common stock on a proposal to cease operations as a BDC. In addition, the 1940 Act provides that holders of preferred stock are entitled to vote separately from holders of common stock to elect two preferred stock directors. We currently have no plans to issue preferred stock, but may determine to do so in the future. The issuance of preferred stock convertible into shares of common stock might also reduce the net income per share and net asset value per share of our common stock upon conversion, provided, that we will only be permitted to issue such convertible preferred stock to the extent we comply with the requirements of Section 61 of the 1940 Act, including obtaining common stockholder approval. These effects, among others, could have an adverse effect on an investment in our common stock. Certain investors are limited in their ability to make significant investments in us. Private funds that are excluded from the definition of investment company either pursuant to Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act are restricted from acquiring directly or through a controlled entity more than 3 of our total outstanding voting stock (measured at the time of the acquisition). Investment companies registered under the 1940 Act and BDCs are also generally subject to this restriction as well as other limitations under the 1940 Act that would restrict the amount that they are able to invest in our securities. Our business and operations could be negatively affected if we become subject to any securities litigation or stockholder activism, which could cause us to incur significant expense, hinder execution of investment strategy and impact our stock price. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. Stockholder activism, which could take many forms or arise in a variety of situations, has been increasing in the BDC space in recent years. While we are currently not subject to any securities litigation or stockholder activism, due to the potential volatility of our stock price and for a variety of other reasons, we may in the future become the target of securities litigation or stockholder activism. Securities litigation and stockholder activism, including potential proxy contests, could result in substantial costs and divert management s and our Board of Director s attention and resources from our business. Additionally, such securities litigation and stockholder activism could give rise to perceived uncertainties as to our future, adversely affect our relationships with service providers and make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel. Also, we may be required to incur significant legal fees and other expenses related to any securities litigation and activist stockholder matters. Further, our stock price could be subject to significant fluctuation or otherwise be adversely affected by the events, risks and uncertainties of any securities litigation and stockholder activism. 
 Since, in certain cases, we may recognize taxable income before or without receiving corresponding cash payments, we may have difficulty meeting the Annual Distribution Requirement necessary to maintain our qualification as a RIC. Accordingly, to satisfy our RIC distribution requirements, we may have to sell some of our investments at times and/or at prices we would not consider advantageous, raise additional debt or equity capital or forgo new investment opportunities. If we are not able to obtain cash from other sources, we may fail to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC and thus become subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates. For additional discussion regarding the tax implications of our election to be taxed as a RIC, please see Business Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations Taxation of the Company in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic or other disruptions in the economy, we may reduce or defer our dividends and choose to incur U.S. federal excise tax in order preserve cash and maintain flexibility. As a BDC, we are not required to make any distributions to stockholders other than in connection with our election to be taxed as a RIC under subchapter M of the Code. In order to maintain our tax treatment as a RIC, we must meet the Annual Distribution Requirement. If we qualify for taxation as a RIC, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates on our investment company taxable income and net capital gains (i.e., realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses) that we timely distribute to stockholders. We will be subject to a 4 U.S. federal excise tax on undistributed earnings of a RIC unless we distribute each calendar year at least the sum of (i) 98 of our ordinary income for the calendar year, (ii) 98.2 of our capital gains in excess of capital losses for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year, and (iii) any ordinary income and net capital gains for preceding years that were not distributed during such years and on which we paid no federal income tax. Under the Code, we may satisfy certain of our RIC distributions with dividends paid after the end of the current year. In particular, if we pay a distribution in January of the following year that was declared in October, November, or December of the current year and is payable to stockholders of record in the current year, the dividend will be treated for all US federal tax purposes as if it were paid on December 31 of the current year. In addition, under the Code, we may pay dividends, referred to as spillover dividends, that are paid during the following taxable year that will allow us to maintain our qualification for taxation as a RIC and eliminate our liability for U.S. federal income tax. Under these spillover dividend procedures, we may defer distribution of income earned during the current year until December of the following year. For example, we may defer distributions of income earned during 2022 until as late as December 31, 2023. If we choose to pay a spillover dividend, we will incur the nondeductible 4 U.S. federal excise tax on some or all of the distribution. Due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or other disruptions in the economy, we may take certain actions with respect to the timing and amounts of our distributions in order to preserve cash and maintain flexibility. For example, we may reduce our dividends and/or defer our dividends to the following taxable year. If we defer our dividends, we may choose to utilize the spillover dividend rules discussed above and incur the 4 U.S. federal excise tax on such amounts. To further preserve cash, we may combine these reductions or deferrals of dividends with one or more distributions that are payable partially in our stock as discussed below under We may choose to pay distributions in our own stock, including in connection with our Dividend Reinvestment Plan, in which case you may be required to pay U.S. federal income tax in excess of the cash you receive. We may choose to pay distributions in our own stock, including in connection with our Dividend Reinvestment Plan, in which case you may be required to pay U.S. federal income tax in excess of the cash you receive. We may distribute taxable distributions that are payable in cash or shares of our common stock, including in connection with our Dividend Reinvestment Plan. Under certain applicable provisions of the Code and published IRS guidance, distributions payable from a publicly offered RIC that are payable in cash or in shares of stock at the election of stockholders may be treated as taxable distributions. The IRS has issued a revenue procedure indicating that this rule will apply if the total amount of cash to be distributed is not less than 20 of the total distribution. Under this revenue procedure, if too many stockholders elect to receive their distributions in cash, the cash available for distribution must be allocated among the stockholders electing to receive cash (with the balance of the distribution paid in shares of our common stock). We currently expect to qualify as a publicly offered RIC. If we qualify as a publicly offered RIC and decide to make any distributions consistent with this revenue procedures that are payable in part in shares of our common stock, taxable stockholders receiving such distributions will be required to include the full amount of the distribution (whether received in cash, stock or a combination thereof) as ordinary income (or as long-term capital gain to the extent such distribution is properly reported as a capital gain distribution) to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, a U.S. stockholder may be required to pay U.S. federal income tax with respect to such distributions in excess of any cash received. If a U.S. stockholder sells the stock it receives as a distribution in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the distribution, depending on the net asset value of our stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to non-U.S. stockholders, we may be required to withhold U.S. federal tax with respect to such distributions, including in respect of all or a portion of such distribution that is payable in stock. In addition, if a significant number of our stockholders sell shares of our common stock in order to pay U.S. federal income taxes owed on distributions, it may put downward pressure on the net asset value of our common stock. If we are not treated as a publicly offered regulated investment company, as defined in the Code, certain U.S. stockholders will be treated as having received a dividend from us in the amount of such U.S. stockholders allocable share of the management and incentive fees paid to RGC and certain of our other expenses, and these fees and expenses will be treated as miscellaneous itemized deductions of such U.S. stockholders. A publicly offered RIC is a RIC whose shares are either (i) continuously offered pursuant to a public offering, (ii) regularly traded on an established securities market or (iii) held by at least 500 persons at all times during the taxable year. We expect to be treated as a publicly offered regulated investment company as a result of shares of our common stock being treated as regularly traded on an established securities market. However, we cannot assure you that we will be treated as a publicly offered regulated investment company for all years. If we are not treated as a publicly offered regulated investment company for any calendar year, each U.S. stockholder that is an individual, trust or estate will be treated as having received a dividend from us in the amount of such U.S. stockholder s allocable share of the management and incentive fees paid to RGC and certain of our other expenses for the calendar year, and will be deductible by such shareholder only to the extent permitted under the limitations described below. For non-corporate U.S. stockholders, including individuals, trusts, and estates, significant limitations generally apply to the deductibility of certain expenses of a non-publicly offered RIC. In particular, these expenses, referred to as miscellaneous itemized deductions, currently are not deductible by non-corporate U.S. stockholders (and beginning in 2026, will be deductible only to non-corporate U.S. stockholders to the extent they exceed 2 of such non-corporate U.S. stockholders adjusted gross income, and will not be deductible for alternative minimum tax purposes). 
 political uncertainty and/or change could have substantial, and in some periods extremely high, rates of inflation for many years. Inflation and rapid fluctuations in inflation rates typically have negative effects on such countries economies and markets. Tax laws could change materially, and any changes in tax laws could have an unpredictable effect on us, our investments and our investors. There can be no assurance that political changes will not cause us or our investors to suffer losses. Terrorist attacks, acts of war or widespread health emergencies or natural disasters may affect any market for our common stock, impact the businesses in which we invest and harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Terrorist acts, acts of war, widespread health emergencies or natural disasters may disrupt our operations, as well as the operations of the businesses in which we invest. Such acts have created, and continue to create, economic and political uncertainties and have contributed to global economic instability. Future terrorist activities, military or security operations, widespread health emergencies or natural disasters could further weaken the domestic/global economies and create additional uncertainties, which may negatively impact the businesses in which we invest directly or indirectly and, in turn, could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. Losses from terrorist attacks, natural disasters and widespread health emergencies are generally uninsurable. We are subject to risks in using custodians, administrators and other agents. We depend on the services of custodians, administrators and other agents to carry out certain securities transactions and administrative services for us. In the event of the insolvency of a custodian, we may not be able to recover equivalent assets in full as we will rank among the custodian s unsecured creditors in relation to assets which the custodian borrows, lends or otherwise uses. In addition, our cash held with a custodian may not be segregated from the custodian s own cash, and we therefore may rank as unsecured creditors in relation thereto. The inability to recover assets from the custodian could have a material impact on our performance. Changes in laws or regulations governing our business or the businesses of our portfolio companies, changes in the interpretation thereof or newly enacted laws or regulations, and any failure by us or our portfolio companies to comply with these laws or regulations may adversely affect our business and the businesses of our portfolio companies. We and our portfolio companies are subject to laws and regulations at the U.S. federal, state and local levels and, in some cases, foreign levels. These laws and regulations, as well as their interpretation, could change from time to time, including as the result of interpretive guidance or other directives from the U.S. President and others in the executive branch, and new laws, regulations and interpretations could also come into effect. For example, the current U.S. presidential administration could support an enhanced regulatory agenda that imposes greater costs on all sectors and on financial services companies in particular. Any such new or changed laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, and political uncertainty could increase regulatory uncertainty in the near term. Any such new or changed laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business or the business of our portfolio companies. The legal, tax and regulatory environment for BDCs, investment advisers and the instruments that they utilize (including derivative instruments) is continuously evolving. In addition, there is significant uncertainty regarding recently enacted legislation (including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act and the regulations that have recently been adopted and future regulations that may or may not be adopted pursuant to such legislation) and, consequently, the full impact that such legislation will ultimately have on us and the markets in which we trade and invest is not fully known. Such uncertainty and any resulting confusion may itself be detrimental to the efficient functioning of the markets and the success of certain investment strategies. In addition, as private equity firms become more influential participants in the U.S. and global financial markets and economy generally, there recently has been pressure for greater governmental scrutiny and/or regulation of the private equity industry. It is uncertain as to what form and in what jurisdictions such enhanced scrutiny and/or regulation, if any, on the private equity industry may ultimately take. Therefore, there can be no assurance as to whether any such scrutiny or initiatives will have an adverse impact on the private equity industry, including our ability to effect operating improvements or restructurings of our portfolio companies or otherwise achieve our objectives. Over the last several years, there also has been an increase in regulatory attention to the extension of credit outside of the traditional banking sector, raising the possibility that some portion of the non-bank financial sector will be subject to new regulation. While it cannot be known at this time whether any regulation will be implemented or what form it will take, increased regulation of non-bank credit extension could negatively impact our operating results or financial condition, impose additional costs on us, intensify the regulatory supervision of us or otherwise adversely affect our business. Additionally, any changes to the laws and regulations governing our operations relating to permitted investments may cause us to alter our investment strategy in order to avail ourselves of new or different opportunities. Such changes could result in material differences to the strategies and plans set forth herein and may result in our investment focus shifting from the areas of expertise of RGC s investment team to other types of investments in which the investment team may have less expertise or little or no experience. Thus, any such changes, if they occur, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and the value of your investment. Internal and external cyber threats, as well as other disasters, could impair our ability to conduct business effectively. The occurrence of a disaster, such as a cyber-attack against us or against a third-party that has access to our data or networks, a natural catastrophe, an industrial accident, failure of our disaster recovery systems, or consequential employee error, could have an adverse effect on our ability to communicate or conduct business, negatively impacting our operations and financial condition. This adverse effect can become particularly acute if those events affect our electronic data processing, transmission, storage, and retrieval systems, or impact the availability, integrity, or confidentiality of our data. We depend heavily upon computer systems to perform necessary business functions. Despite our implementation of a variety of security measures, our computer systems, networks, and data, like those of other companies, could be subject to cyber-attacks and unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction, such as from physical and electronic break-ins or unauthorized tampering. If one or more of these events occurs, it could potentially jeopardize the confidential, proprietary, and other information processed, stored in, and transmitted through our computer systems and networks. Such an attack could cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations, which could result in financial losses, litigation, regulatory penalties, client dissatisfaction or loss, reputational damage, and increased costs associated with mitigation of damages and remediation. Third parties with which we do business may also be sources of cybersecurity or other technological risk. We outsource certain functions and these relationships allow for the storage and processing of our information, as well as client, counterparty, employee, and borrower information. While we engage in actions to reduce our exposure resulting from outsourcing, ongoing threats may result in unauthorized access, loss, exposure, destruction, or other cybersecurity incidents that adversely affects our data, resulting in increased costs and other consequences as described above. We and our service providers continue to be impacted by government actions in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, which are obstructing the regular functioning of business workforces (including an increase in the ability of employees to work from external locations, including their homes). In addition, policies of extended periods of remote working, whether by us or our service providers, could strain technology resources, introduce operational risks and otherwise heighten the risks described above. Remote working environments may be less secure and more susceptible to hacking attacks, including phishing and social engineering attempts. Accordingly, the risks described above, are heightened under the current conditions. Cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents may adversely affect our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information and/or damage to our business relationships, all of which could negatively impact our business, results of operations or financial condition. A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information resources. These incidents may be an intentional attack or an unintentional event and could involve gaining unauthorized access to our information systems for purposes of misappropriating assets, stealing confidential information, corrupting data or causing operational disruption. The result of these incidents may include disrupted operations, misstated or unreliable financial data, liability for stolen information, misappropriation of assets, increased cybersecurity protection and insurance costs, litigation and damage to our business relationships. Any such attack could result in significant losses, reputational damage, litigation, regulatory fines or penalties, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify our protective measures and to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures arising from operational and security risks. We face risks posed to our information systems, both internal and those provided to us by third-party service providers. We and RGC have implemented processes, procedures and internal controls to help mitigate cybersecurity risks and cyber intrusions, but these measures, as well as our increased awareness of the nature and extent of a risk of a cyber incident, may be ineffective and do not guarantee that a cyber incident will not occur or that our financial results, operations or confidential information will not be negatively impacted by such an incident. Third parties with which we do business (including those that provide services to us) may also be sources or targets of cybersecurity or other technological risks. We outsource certain functions, and these relationships allow for the storage and processing of our information and assets, as well as certain investor, counterparty, employee and borrower information. While we engage in actions to reduce our exposure resulting from outsourcing, ongoing threats may result in unauthorized access, loss, exposure or destruction of data, or other cybersecurity incidents, with increased costs and other consequences, including those described above. Privacy and information security laws and regulation changes, and compliance with those changes, may also result in cost increases due to system changes and the development of new administrative processes. We are subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility. Our business faces increasing public scrutiny related to environmental, social and governance ESG activities. We risk damage to our brand and reputation if we fail to act responsibly in a number of areas, such as environmental stewardship, corporate governance and transparency and considering ESG factors in our investment processes. Adverse incidents with respect to ESG activities could impact the value of our brand, the cost of our operations and relationships with investors, all of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Additionally, new regulatory initiatives related to ESG could adversely affect our business. We cannot predict how new tax legislation will affect us, our investments, or our stockholders, and any such legislation could adversely affect our business. Legislative or other actions relating to taxes could have a negative effect on us. The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the Internal Revenue Service and the U.S. Treasury Department. The Biden Administration has proposed significant changes to the existing U.S. tax rules, and there are a number of proposals in Congress that would similarly modify the existing U.S. tax rules. The likelihood of any such legislation being enacted is uncertain, but new legislation and any U.S. Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions interpreting such legislation could significantly and negatively affect our ability to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC or the U.S. federal income tax consequences to us and our investors of such qualification, or could have other adverse consequences. Investors are urged to consult with their tax advisor regarding tax legislative, regulatory, or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our common stock. 

Item 1B. Unreso lved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our corporate headquarters are located at 205 N. Michigan Ave., Suite 4200, Chicago, IL 60601 and are provided by the Administrator in accordance with the terms of the Administration Agreement. We and RGC also have offices located in Woodside, California; San Diego, California; Dallas, Texas; and New York, New York. We do not own any real estate. We believe that our office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as it is contemplated to be conducted. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We and RGC are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us. From time to time, we or RGC may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. Our business is also subject to extensive regulation, which may result in regulatory proceedings against us. While the outcome of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 58 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 59 
 
 Table of Contents 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Common Stock 
 Our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market LLC on October 21, 2021 under the symbol RWAY in connection with our IPO of shares of our common stock. Shares of BDCs may trade at a market price that is less than the value of the net assets attributable to those shares. The possibility that our shares of common stock will trade at a discount from NAV per share or at premiums that are unsustainable over the long-term are separate and distinct from the risk that our NAV per share will decrease. It is not possible to predict whether our common stock will trade at, above, or below NAV per share. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to an Investment in Our Common Stock. 
 Holders 
 As of March 2, 2023, there were 162 holders of record of our common stock. 
 Distributions 
 To the extent that we have funds available, we intend to make quarterly distributions to our stockholders. Our stockholder distributions, if any, will be determined by our Board of Directors. Any distribution to our stockholders will be declared out of assets legally available for distribution. We anticipate that distributions will be paid from income primarily generated by interest and dividend income earned on investments made by us. We will not be able to determine whether any specific distribution will be treated as made out of our taxable earnings or as a return of capital until after the end of our taxable year. The amount treated as a tax-free return of capital will reduce a stockholder s adjusted basis in his or her common stock, thereby increasing his or her potential gain or reducing his or her potential loss on the subsequent sale or other disposition of his or her common stock. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company declared and paid dividends in the amount of 51.6 million of which 40.7 million was distributed in cash and the remainder distributed in shares to stockholders pursuant to the Company s Dividend Reinvestment Plan. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company declared and paid dividends in the amount of 44.9 million of which 17.9 million was distributed in cash and the remainder distributed in shares to stockholders pursuant to the Company s Dividend Reinvestment Plan. Total distributions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 represented distributions from income and not return of capital. 
 The following table reflects the distributions declared on shares of our common stock during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and through March 2, 2023: 

Year Ended 
 
 Record Date 
 
 Payment Date 
 
 Distributions per Share 

December 31, 2023 

First Quarter (through March 2, 2023) 
 
 March 7, 2023 
 
 March 21, 2023 

0.40 

December 31, 2022 

First Quarter 
 
 March 8, 2022 
 
 March 22, 2022 

0.27 

Second Quarter 
 
 May 10, 2022 
 
 May 24, 2022 

0.30 

Third Quarter 
 
 August 9, 2022 
 
 August 23, 2022 

0.33 

Fourth Quarter 
 
 November 8, 2022 
 
 November 22, 2022 

0.36 

December 31, 2021 

First Quarter 
 
 March 5, 2021 
 
 March 19, 2021 

0.37 

Second Quarter 
 
 April 30, 2021 
 
 May 13, 2021 

0.37 

Third Quarter 
 
 July 20, 2021 
 
 August 12, 2021 

0.34 

Fourth Quarter 
 
 November 8, 2021 
 
 November 22, 2021 

0.25 

We have elected to be treated, currently qualify, and intend to continue to qualify, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. While we intend to qualify to be treated as a RIC annually, we anticipate that we may have difficulty satisfying the asset diversification requirements as we deploy capital and build our investment portfolio. If we fail to qualify as a RIC for any taxable year, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates on any net taxable income for such year. See Business Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K and Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more information. To maintain RIC tax treatment, we must distribute at least 90 of our net ordinary income and net realized short-term capital gains in excess of our net realized long-term capital losses, if any, to our stockholders. In order to avoid certain excise taxes imposed on RICs, we currently intend to distribute during each calendar 
 60 
 
 Table of Contents 
 year an amount at least equal to the sum of: (a) 98 of our ordinary income (not taking into account any capital gains or losses) for such calendar year; (b) 98.2 of the amount by which our capital gains exceed our capital losses (adjusted for certain ordinary losses) for a one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year; and (c) any net ordinary income and capital gain net income that we recognized in previous years but was not distributed during such years and on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax. 
 We currently intend to distribute net long-term capital gains if any, at least annually out of the assets legally available for such distributions. However, we may in the future decide to retain some or all of our long-term capital gains but designate the retained amount as a deemed distribution. In that case, among other consequences, we will pay tax on the retained amount, each U.S. stockholder will be required to include their share of the deemed distribution in income as if it had been distributed to the U.S. stockholder, and the U.S. stockholder will be entitled to claim a credit equal to their allocable share of the tax paid on the deemed distribution by us. The amount of the deemed distribution net of such tax will be added to such stockholder s tax adjusted basis in such stockholder s common stock. Since we expect to pay tax on any retained capital gains at our regular corporate tax rate, and since that rate is in excess of the maximum rate currently payable by individuals on long-term capital gains, the amount of tax that individual stockholders will be treated as having paid and for which they will receive a credit will exceed the tax they owe on the retained net capital gain. Such excess generally may be claimed as a credit against such individual stockholder s other U.S. federal income tax obligations or may be refunded to the extent it exceeds such individual stockholder s liability for U.S. federal income tax. We cannot assure any stockholder that we will achieve results that will permit us to pay any cash distributions, and if we issue senior securities, we may be prohibited from making distributions if doing so would cause us to fail to maintain the asset coverage ratios stipulated by the 1940 Act or if such distributions are limited by the terms of any of our borrowings. 
 Unless a stockholder elects to receive distributions in cash, we intend to make such distributions in additional shares of our common stock under our Dividend Reinvestment Plan. Although distributions paid in the form of additional shares of our common stock will generally be subject to U.S. federal, state and local taxes in the same manner as cash distributions, stockholders participating in our Dividend Reinvestment Plan will not receive any corresponding cash distributions with which to pay any such applicable taxes. If a stockholder holds shares of our common stock in the name of a broker or financial intermediary, such stockholder should contact such broker or financial intermediary regarding the election to receive distributions in cash in lieu of shares of our common stock. Any distributions reinvested through the issuance of shares of our common stock through our Dividend Reinvestment Plan will increase our assets on which the incentive fee is determined and paid to RGC. See Dividend Reinvestment Plan below. 
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
 We have adopted a Dividend Reinvestment Plan that provides for reinvestment of our dividends and other distributions on behalf of our stockholders. As a result of adopting such a plan, if our Board of Directors authorizes, and we declare, a cash dividend or distribution, our stockholders who have opted in our Dividend Reinvestment Plan will have their cash dividends or distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock, rather than receiving cash. 
 If newly issued shares are used to implement the Dividend Reinvestment Plan, the number of shares to be issued to a stockholder will be determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the cash dividend or distribution payable to a stockholder by the market price per share of our common stock at the close of regular trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market LLC on the payment date of a distribution, or if no sale is reported for such day, the average of the reported bid and ask prices. However, if the market price per share on the payment date of a cash dividend or distribution exceeds the most recently computed net asset value per share, we will issue shares at the greater of (i) the most recently computed net asset value per share and (ii) 95 of the current market price per share (or such lesser discount to the current market price per share that still exceeded the most recently computed net asset value per share). 
 If shares are purchased in the open market to implement the Dividend Reinvestment Plan, the number of shares to be issued to a stockholder shall be determined by dividing the dollar amount of the cash dividend payable to such stockholder by the weighted average price per share for all shares purchased by the plan administrator in the open market in connection with the dividend. 
 The number of shares to be issued to a participant in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan are rounded downward to the nearest whole number to avoid the issuance of fractional shares, and any fractional share otherwise issuable to a participant but for this provision is instead be paid to such participant in cash contemporaneously with the issuance of such shares in connection with such cash dividend. 
 No action will be required on the part of a registered stockholder to have his or her cash dividends and distributions reinvested in shares of our common stock. A registered stockholder could instead elect to receive a dividend or distribution in cash by notifying RGC in writing, so that such notice is received by RGC no later than five days prior to the record date for distributions to the stockholders. 
 61 
 
 Table of Contents 
 RGC will set up an account for shares of our common stock acquired through the plan for each stockholder who does not elect to receive dividends and distributions in cash and hold such shares in non-certificated form. Those stockholders whose shares are held by a broker or other financial intermediary may receive dividends and distributions in cash by notifying their broker or other financial intermediary of their election. 
 Stockholders who receive dividends and distributions in the form of stock are generally subject to the same U.S. federal, state and local tax consequences as are stockholders who elect to receive their dividends and distributions in cash. However, since a participating stockholder s cash dividends and distributions will be reinvested in our common stock, such stockholder will not receive cash with which to pay applicable taxes on reinvested dividends and distributions. A stockholder s basis for determining gain or loss upon the sale of stock received in a dividend or distribution from us will generally be equal to the cash that would have been received if the stockholder had received the dividend or distribution in cash, unless we were to issue new shares that are trading at or above net asset value, in which case, the stockholder s basis in the new shares will generally be equal to their fair market value. Any stock received in a dividend or distribution will have a new holding period for tax purposes commencing on the day following the day on which the shares are credited to the U.S. stockholder s account. 
 The plan is terminable by us upon notice in writing mailed to each stockholder of record at least 30 days prior to any record date for the payment of any distribution by us. All correspondence concerning the plan should be directed to RGC by mail at Runway Growth Capital LLC, 205 N. Michigan Ave., Suite 4200, Chicago, IL 60601. 
 Price Range of Common Stock 
 Our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market LLC on October 21, 2021 under the symbol RWAY in connection with our IPO of shares of our common stock. Shares of BDCs may trade at a market price that is less than the value of the net assets attributable to those shares. The possibility that our shares of common stock will trade at a discount from NAV per share or at premiums that are unsustainable over the long-term are separate and distinct from the risk that our NAV per share will decrease. It is not possible to predict whether our common stock will trade at, above, or below NAV per share. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to an Investment in Our Common Stock. On March 1, 2023, the last reported closing sales price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market LLC was per share, which represented a discount of approximately to our NAV per share of as of December 31, 2022. 
 Prior to our IPO, the shares of our common stock were offered and sold in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act. As such, there was no public market for shares of our common stock during the year ended December 31, 2020 and through the period ended October 20, 2021. 

() 

() 

0.36 

Third Quarter 

() 

() 

0.33 

Second Quarter 

() 

0.30 

First Quarter 

() 

0.27 

2021 

Fourth Quarter (4) 

() 

() 

0.25 

(1) NAV per share is generally determined as of the last day in the relevant quarter and therefore may not reflect the NAV per share on the date of the high and low sales prices. The NAVs shown are based on outstanding shares at the end of each period. 

 (2) Calculated as the respective high or low closing price less net asset value, divided by net asset value (in each case, as of the applicable quarter. 

 (3) Represents the dividend or distribution declared in the relevant quarter. 

 (4) Shares of our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market LLC on October 21, 2021 under the trading symbol RWAY. 

62 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following stock performance graph compares the cumulative stockholder return on our common stock from October 21, 2021 (the date our common stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market LLC) to December 31, 2022, with that of the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index, the NASDAQ Financial 100 Index, and the Wells Fargo BDC Index. This graph assumes that on October 21, 2021, 100 was invested in our common stock, the Standard Poor s BDC Index, the NASDAQ Financial 100 Index, and the Wells Fargo BDC Index. The graph also assumes the reinvestment of all cash dividends prior to any tax effect. The graph and other information furnished under this Part II Item 5 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C under, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of, the Exchange Act. The stock price performance included in the below graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock performance. 
 COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 Among Runway Growth Finance Corp., the Standard Poor s 500 Index, 
 The NASDAQ Financial 100 Index, and the Wells Fargo BDC Index 
 
 (1) Cumulative stockholder return is calculated on the closing stock prices for each respective date. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Except as previously reported by us on our current reports on Form 8 K or quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, we did not sell any securities during the period covered by this Form 10 K that were not registered under the Securities Act. 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 63 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This annual report on Form 10 K contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, and undue reliance should not be placed thereon. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about us, our current and prospective portfolio investments, our industry, our beliefs and opinions, and our assumptions. Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, will, may, continue, believes, seeks, estimates, would, could, should, targets, projects, outlook, potential, predicts and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements, including without limitation: 
 changes in political, economic or industry conditions, the interest rate environment or conditions affecting the financial and capital markets; 

an economic downturn could impair our portfolio companies ability to continue to operate, which could lead to the loss of some or all of our investments in such portfolio companies; 

such an economic downturn could disproportionately impact the companies that we intend to target for investment, potentially causing us to experience a decrease in investment opportunities and diminished demand for capital from these companies; 

a contraction of available credit and/or an inability to access the equity markets could impair our lending and investment activities; 

interest rate volatility could adversely affect our results, particularly to the extent that we use leverage as part of our investment strategy; 

the impact of interest and inflation rates on our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies; 

our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies; 

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 

the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 

competition with other entities and our affiliates for investment opportunities; 

the speculative and illiquid nature of our investments; 

the use of borrowed money to finance a portion of our investments; 

the adequacy of our financing sources and working capital; 

the loss of key personnel; 

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies, and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic thereon; 

the ability of our external investment adviser, RGC, to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments; 

the ability of RGC to attract and retain highly talented professionals; 

our ability to qualify and maintain our qualification as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, and as a BDC; 

the occurrence of a disaster, such as a cyber-attack against us or against a third party that has access to our data or networks, a natural catastrophe, an industrial accident, failure of our disaster-recovery systems, or consequential employee error; 

the effect of legal, tax and regulatory changes; and 

the other risks, uncertainties and other factors we identify under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10 K and in our other filings with the SEC. 

64 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Although we believe the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement in this annual report on Form 10 K should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. These risks and uncertainties include those described or identified in Risk Factors in in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10 K. 
 We have based the forward-looking statements included in this Form 10 K on information available to us on the date of this Form 10 K, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Although we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, you are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we have filed or in the future may file with the SEC, including our annual reports on Form 10 K, quarterly reports on Form 10 Q and current reports on Form 8 K. 
 The following analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes thereto contained elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10 K. 
 Overview 
 We are an externally managed, non-diversified closed-end investment management company that was formed on August 31, 2015 as a corporation under the laws of the State of Maryland. We have elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. In addition, we have elected to be treated, currently qualify, and intend to continue to qualify, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. If we fail to qualify as a RIC for any taxable year, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates on any net taxable income for such year. As a BDC and a RIC, we are required to comply with various regulatory requirements, such as the requirement to invest at least 70 of our assets in qualifying assets, source-of-income limitations, asset diversification requirements, and the requirement to distribute annually at least the sum of 90 of our investment company taxable income and 90 of our net tax-exempt interest. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the closing of our IPO, which occurred on October 25, 2021, or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of 1.07 billion or more, (ii) December 31 of the fiscal year in which we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act (which would occur if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700.0 million, measured as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, and we have been publicly reporting for at least 12 months), or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three-year period. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, we will be subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. 
 We are externally managed by RGC, an investment adviser that has registered with the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. The Administrator, a wholly-owned subsidiary of RGC, provides all the administrative services necessary for us to operate. 
 On August 10, 2020, we, RGC, and certain other funds and accounts sponsored or managed by RGC and/or its affiliates were granted the Order that permits us greater flexibility than the 1940 Act permits to negotiate the terms of co-investments if our Board of Directors determines that it would be advantageous for us to co-invest with other accounts sponsored or managed by RGC or its affiliates in a manner consistent with the our investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors. We believe that the ability to co-invest with similar investment structures and accounts sponsored or managed by RGC or its affiliates will provide additional investment opportunities and the ability to achieve greater diversification. Under the terms of the Order, a majority of our independent directors are required to make certain determinations in connection with a co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the proposed transaction are reasonable and fair to us and our stockholders and do not involve overreaching of us or our stockholders on the part of any person concerned and (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of our and is consistent with our investment strategies and policies. 
 On August 30, 2022, we received an amendment to our existing Order to permit us to, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, co-invest in our existing portfolio companies with certain affiliates that are private funds even if such other funds had not previously invested in such existing portfolio company. Without this order, such affiliated funds that are private funds would not be able to participate in such co-investments with us unless the affiliated funds had previously acquired securities of the portfolio company in a co-investment transaction with us. 
 65 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Portfolio Composition and Investment Activity 
 Portfolio Composition 
 At December 31, 2022, we had investments in 49 portfolio companies, representing 28 companies in which we held loan and warrant investments, one companies in which we held loan investments and shares of common, preferred stock, or a combination with warrants, six companies in which we held a loan investment only, nine companies in which we held warrant investments only, and five companies in which we held shares of common or preferred stock only, or a combination with warrants. The following table shows the fair value of our investments, by asset class, as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 

Investments 
 
 Cost 

Fair Value 

of Total Portfolio 

Portfolio Investments 

Common Stocks 

8,715 

3,097 

0.27 

Preferred Stocks 

12,382 

12,682 

1.13 

Senior Secured Term Loans 

1,096,724 

1,080,121 

95.90 

Second Lien Term Loans 

13,654 

13,654 

1.21 

Warrants 

19,127 

16,755 

1.49 

Total Portfolio Investments 

1,150,602 

1,126,309 

100.00 

U.S. Treasury Bill 

- 

- 

Total Investments 

1,150,602 

1,126,309 

100.00 

At December 31, 2021, we had investments in 39 portfolio companies, representing 20 companies where we held loan and warrant investments, 12 companies where we held warrant interests only, and we held one U.S. Treasury Bill. The following table shows the fair value of our investments, by asset class, as of December 31, 2021 (dollars in thousands): 

Investments 
 
 Cost 

Fair Value 

of Total Portfolio 

Portfolio Investments 

Common Stocks 

4,710 

11,464 

1.57 

Preferred Stocks 

17,338 

17,037 

2.34 

Senior Secured Term Loans 

629,009 

623,054 

85.41 

Second Lien Term Loans 

12,873 

12,873 

1.76 

Warrants 

18,393 

20,087 

2.75 

Total Portfolio Investments 

682,323 

684,515 

93.83 

U.S. Treasury Bill 

45,001 

45,001 

6.17 

Total Investments 

727,324 

729,516 

100.00 

66 
 
 Table of Contents 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, our debt investment portfolio had a dollar-weighted annualized yield of 13.71 , 13.77 , and 14.91 , respectively. We calculate the yield on dollar-weighted debt investments for any period measured as (1) total related investment income during the period divided by (2) the daily average of the fair value of debt investments outstanding during the period. As of December 31, 2022, our debt investments had a dollar-weighted average outstanding term of 56 months at origination and a dollar-weighted average remaining term of 44 months, or approximately 3.7 years. As of December 31, 2022, substantially all of our debt investments had an original committed principal amount of between 6.0 million and 85.0 million, repayment terms of between 36 months and 62 months and pay cash interest at annual interest rates of between 5.69 and 15.79 . 
 The following table shows our dollar-weighted annualized yield by investment type for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020: 

Fair Value (1) 
 
 Cost (2) 

Years Ended December 31, 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

Investment type: 

Debt investments 

13.71 

13.77 

14.91 

13.50 

13.52 

14.60 

Equity interest 

3.42 

2.68 

3.59 

3.28 

3.43 

3.45 

All investments 

13.22 

12.74 

13.88 

13.00 

12.78 

13.57 

(1) We calculate the dollar-weighted annualized yield on average investment type for any period as (a) total related investment income during the period divided by (b) the daily average of the fair value of the investment type outstanding during the period. The dollar-weighted annualized yield represents the portfolio yield and will be higher than what investors will realize because it does not reflect our expenses or any sales load paid by investors. 

(2) We calculate the dollar-weighted annualized yield on average investment type for any period as (a) total related investment income during the period divided by (b) the daily average of the investment type outstanding during the period, at amortized cost. The dollar-weighted annualized yield represents the portfolio yield and will be higher than what investors will realize because it does not reflect our expenses or any sales load paid by investors. 

Investment Activity 
 The value of our investment portfolio will change over time due to changes in the fair value of our underlying investments, as well as changes in the composition of our portfolio resulting from purchases of new and follow-on investments as well as repayments and sales of existing investments. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company funded, net of upfront fees at origination, 396.5 million in 14 new portfolio companies and 226.2 million in 12 existing portfolio companies. The Company also received 159.2 million in loan repayments or sales from 8 portfolio companies. 
 Portfolio Reconciliation 
 The following is a reconciliation of our investment portfolio, including U.S. Treasury Bills, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Beginning Investment Portfolio 

729,516 

621,827 

467,982 

Purchases of Investments 

622,719 

424,441 

272,533 

PIK interest 

8,655 

2,996 

3,690 

Purchases of U.S. Treasury Bills 

- 

210,002 

276,000 

Amortization of Fixed Income Premiums or Accretion of Discounts 

6,863 

7,742 

9,256 

Sales or Repayments of Investments 

(159,144) 

(297,825) 

(107,611) 

Scheduled Principal Payments of Investments 

(9,754) 

(5,777) 

(2,949) 

Sales and Maturities of U.S. Treasury Bills (1) 

(45,000) 

(234,999) 

(305,984) 

Realized Gain (Loss) on Investments 

(1,061) 

4,154 

(5,347) 

Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) on Investments 

(26,485) 

(3,045) 

14,257 

Ending Investment Portfolio 

1,126,309 

729,516 

621,827 

(1) Includes 26,000 in U.S. Treasury Bills sold short for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

67 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Asset Quality 
 In addition to various risk management and monitoring tools, RGC uses an investment rating system to characterize and monitor the quality of our debt investment portfolio. Equity securities and Treasury Bills are not graded. This debt investment rating system uses a five-level numeric scale. The following is a description of the conditions associated with each investment rating: 

Investment Rating 
 
 Rating Definition 

1 
 
 Performing above plan and/or strong enterprise profile, value, financial performance/coverage. Maintaining full covenant and payment compliance as agreed. 

2 
 
 Performing at or reasonably close to plan. Acceptable business prospects, enterprise value, financial coverage. Maintaining key covenant and payment compliance as agreed. Generally, all new loans are initially graded Category 2. 

3 
 
 Performing below plan of record. Potential elements of concern over performance, trends and business outlook. Loan-to-value remains adequate. Potential key covenant non-compliance. Full payment compliance. 

4 
 
 Performing materially below plan. Non-compliant with material financial covenants. Payment default/deferral could result without corrective action. Requires close monitoring. Business prospects, enterprise value and collateral coverage declining. These investments may be in workout, and there is a possibility of loss of return but no loss of principal is expected 

5 
 
 Going concern nature in question. Substantial decline in enterprise value and all coverages. Covenant and payment default imminent if not currently present. Investments are nearly always in workout. May experience partial and/or full loss. 

The following tables show the investment ratings of our debt investments at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (dollars in thousands): 

As of December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2021 

Investment Rating 
 
 Fair Value 

of Total Portfolio 
 
 Number of Portfolio Companies 

Fair Value 

of Total Portfolio 
 
 Number of Portfolio Companies 

1 

91,424 

12.5 

2 

2 

1,006,247 

89.34 

30 

479,115 

65.7 

17 

3 

78,238 

6.95 

4 

47,490 

6.5 

4 

4 

3,248 

0.4 

1 

5 

9,290 

0.82 

1 

14,650 

2.0 

1 

1,093,775 

97.11 

35 

635,927 

87.1 

25 

During 2021 and 2022, the global COVID-19 pandemic, has had limited impact on the investment ratings of our debt investments, taken as a whole. However, the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, along with increasing levels of inflation impacting the U.S. economy, U.S. Federal Reserve Bank monetary policy actions, and global political events and their impact on the U.S. capital markets and economy is uncertain and we can make no assurances that the pandemic and other current events will not have a negative impact on our investment portfolio in the future. 
 Loans and Debt Securities on Non-Accrual Status 
 Generally, when interest and/or principal payments on a loan become past due, or if we otherwise do not expect the borrower to be able to service its debt and other obligations, we will place the loan on non-accrual status and will generally cease recognizing interest income on that loan for financial reporting purposes until all principal and interest have been brought current through payment or due to a restructuring such that the interest income is deemed to be collectible. As of December 31, 2022, we had one loan to Pivot3 Holdings, Inc., representing an aggregate principal funded of 19.2 million at a fair market value of 9.3 million on non-accrual status, which represents 1.61 of our net assets. As of December 31, 2021, we had six loans to Mojix, Inc. and one loan to Pivot3 Holdings, Inc. representing an aggregate principal funded of 30.3 million at a fair market value of 28.3 million, on non-accrual status, which represents 4.66 of our net assets. As of December 31, 2020, we had six loans to Mojix, Inc. representing an aggregate principal funded of 11.0 million at a fair market value of 9.0 million, on non-accrual status, which represented 1.92 of the Company s net assets. 
 68 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations 
 An important measure of our financial performance is net increase/(decrease) in net assets resulting from operations, which includes net investment income/(loss), net realized gain/(loss) and net unrealized appreciation/(depreciation). Net investment income/(loss) is the difference between our income from interest, dividends, fees and other investment income and our operating expenses, including interest on borrowed funds. Net realized gain/(loss) on investments is the difference between the proceeds received from dispositions of portfolio investments and their amortized cost. Net unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on investments is the net change in the fair value of our investment portfolio. 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Total 

Per Share (1) 

Total 

Per Share (1) 

Total 

Per Share (1) 

Investment income 

Interest and dividend income 

106,358 

2.60 

67,730 

1.98 

56,369 

2.04 

Other income 

2,194 

0.05 

3,628 

0.11 

1,257 

0.05 

Total investment income 

108,552 

2.65 

71,358 

2.09 

57,626 

2.09 

Operating expenses 

Management fees 

11,882 

0.29 

8,989 

0.26 

6,832 

0.25 

Incentive fees 

13,183 

0.32 

9,232 

0.27 

7,261 

0.26 

Interest expense 

13,756 

0.34 

2,554 

0.07 

1,064 

0.04 

Professional fees 

2,815 

0.07 

1,844 

0.05 

1,597 

0.06 

Overhead allocation expense 

1,020 

0.02 

827 

0.02 

678 

0.02 

Insurance expense 

1,016 

0.02 

339 

0.01 

105 

Administration fee 

658 

0.02 

579 

0.02 

516 

0.02 

Debt financing fees 

3,005 

0.07 

1,638 

0.05 

736 

0.03 

Directors' fees 

352 

0.01 

293 

0.01 

248 

0.01 

Tax expense 

291 

0.01 

1 

1 

Other expenses 

778 

0.02 

570 

0.02 

518 

0.02 

Total operating expenses 

48,756 

1.19 

26,866 

0.79 

19,556 

0.71 

Net investment income 

59,796 

1.46 

44,492 

1.30 

38,070 

1.38 

Realized gain (loss) on investments 

(1,061) 

(0.03) 

4,172 

0.12 

(5,347) 

(0.19) 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 

(26,485) 

(0.65) 

(3,045) 

(0.09) 

14,257 

0.52 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

32,250 

0.79 

45,619 

1.33 

46,980 

1.70 

(1) The basic per share figures noted above are based on weighted averages of 40,971,242, 34,183,358, and 27,615,425 shares outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

Investment Income 

69 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Non-recurring income included in investment income are unamortized original issue discounts recorded as interest income. Other non-recurring income consisting of early prepayment fees, amendment fees, legal fees, and reimbursable income are recorded as fee income when earned. Any other fee income for services rendered, if any, are recorded as other income when earned. 
 Investment income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2019 was 108.6 million, 71.4 million, and 57.6 million, respectively, and includes non-recurring income of 3.9 million, 9.5 million, and 4.5 million, respectively. The increase in interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2021 was driven by our deployment of capital, increased invested balance, and increased market interest rates. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our primary operating expenses include the payment of fees to RGC under the Advisory Agreement, our allocable portion of overhead expenses under the Administration Agreement, professional fees, and other operating costs described below. We bear all other out-of-pocket costs and expenses of our operations and transactions, including those relating to: 
 our pro-rata portion of fees and expenses related to an initial public offering in connection with a Spin-Off transaction (as defined below); 

fees and expenses related to public and private offerings, sales and repurchases of our securities; 

calculating our net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm); 

fees and expenses payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisers, in connection with monitoring financial and legal affairs for us and in providing administrative services, monitoring our investments and performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies or otherwise relating to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments; 

interest payable on debt incurred to finance our investments; 

sales and purchases of our common stock and other securities; 

investment advisory and management fees; 

administration fees payable under the Administration Agreement; 

transfer agent and custodial fees; 

federal and state registration fees; 

all costs of registration and listing our securities on any securities exchange; 

U.S. federal, state and local taxes; 

independent directors fees and expenses; 

costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents required by the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or other regulators; 

costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to stockholders, including printing costs; 

our allocable portion of any fidelity bond, directors and officers errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; 

direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors and outside legal costs; and 

all other expenses incurred by us, our Administrator or RGC in connection with administering our business, including payments under the Administration Agreement based on our allocable portion of our Administrator s overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent and the allocable portion of the cost of our Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Financial Officer and their respective staffs. 

70 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 48.8 million, 26.9 million, and 19.6 million, respectively. Operating expenses increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 from the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to increased management and incentive fees paid to RGC, interest expense, and debt financing fees. Operating expenses increased for the year ended December 31, 2021 from the year ended December 31, 2020 primarily due to increased management fees paid to RGC, professional fees, debt financing fees, and other expenses. Operating expenses per share for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 1.19 per share, 0.79 per share and 0.71 per share, respectively. 
 Incentive Fees 
 Incentive fees for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were 13.2 million, 9.2 million, and 7.3 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 11.0 million of the incentive fees were earned, payable in cash, and 2.2 million were deferred and accrued. For the year ended December 31, 2021, 7.4 million of the incentive fees were earned, payable in cash, and 1.8 million were deferred and accrued. For the year ended December 31, 2020, 5.4 million of the incentive fees were earned, payable in cash, and 1.9 million were deferred and accrued. Incentive fees related to paid-in-kind or deferred interest are accrued and payment is deferred until such interest is collected in cash. Incentive fees per share for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were 0.32 per share, 0.27 per share, and 0.26 per share, respectively. 
 Net Investment Income 
 Net investment income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 59.8 million, 44.5 million, and 38.1 million, respectively. Net investment income increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 from the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to increased interest income earned on our portfolio investments, partially offset by increased management fees and incentive fees and the other operating expenses discussed above. Net investment income increased for the year ended December 31, 2021 from the year ended December 31, 2020 primarily due to increased interest income earned on our portfolio investments, partially offset by increased management fees and incentive fees and the other operating expenses discussed above. Net investment income per share for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 1.46 per share, 1.30 per share and 1.38 per share, respectively. 
 Net Realized Gain (Loss) on Investment 
 The net realized loss on investments of 1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to losses on our warrants in Aspen Group, Inc. and CareCloud, Inc. and a loss in our preferred stock in Pivot3 Holdings, Inc., primarily offset by the gains on the sale of common stock in Brilliant Earth Group, Inc. The net realized gain on investments of 4.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to the gains on the sale of common stock in Porch Group, Inc. and Ouster, Inc., partially offset by a realized loss on our preferred stock in CareCloud, Inc. The net realized loss on investments of 5.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily due to the loss on our senior secured loan to Aginity, Inc. 
 Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) on Investments 
 Net change in unrealized depreciation on investments of 26.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to decreases in the fair value of a senior secured loan to Pivot3, Inc., and decreases in the fair value of our common stock in Brilliant Earth Group, Inc. and Quantum Corporation. Net change in unrealized depreciation on investments of 3.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to decreases in the fair value of senior secured loans to Pivot3, Inc. and Aginity Inc., and our warrants for common stock in CareCloud, Inc. This decrease was offset by the increase in the fair value of our senior secured loans to Mojix, Inc. and our units of Brilliant Earth LLC. Net change in unrealized appreciation on investments of 14.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily due to increases in the fair value of our senior secured loans to Aria Systems, Inc. and our warrants for preferred stock or common stock of Ouster, Inc., MTBC, Inc., and Aspen Group Inc. This increase was offset by the decreases in the fair value of senior secured loans to Circadence Corporation and Pivot3, Inc., and our preferred stock in MTBC, Inc. 
 Net Increase in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 
 We had a net increase in net assets resulting from operations of 32.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to a net increase in net assets resulting from operations of 45.6 million and 47.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. The net decrease in net assets resulting from operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 from the year ended December 31, 2021 is attributable to an increase in operating expenses, particularly increases in interest expense and debt financing fees due to an increase in borrowings used, as well as net change in unrealized position on investments recorded at a loss 
 71 
 
 Table of Contents 
 compared to a gain in the prior year. The decrease is partially offset by an increase in interest and dividend income. The net decrease in net assets resulting from operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 from the year ended December 31, 2020 is attributable to an increase in operating expenses, particularly increases in interest expense and debt financing fees due to an increase in borrowings used, as well as net change in unrealized position on investments recorded at a loss compared to a gain in the prior year. The decrease is partially offset by an increase in interest and dividend income. 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We generate cash primarily from the net proceeds of the offering of our securities and cash flows from our operations, including investment sales and repayments as well as income earned on investments and cash equivalents. We may also fund a portion of our investments through borrowings under the Credit Facility. We expect that we may also generate cash from any financing arrangements we may enter into in the future and any future offerings of our equity or debt securities. We may fund a portion of our investments through borrowings from banks and issuances of senior securities, which may be secured or unsecured, through registered offerings or private placements. Our primary use of funds is to make investments in eligible portfolio companies, pay our operating expenses and make distributions to holders of our common stock. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our asset coverage ratio was 203 and 582 , respectively. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash and cash equivalents increased to 5.8 million, from 4.7 million as of December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily the result of an increase in interest income received on a monthly basis. During the year ended December 31, 2021, cash and cash equivalents decreased to 4.7 million, from 14.9 million as of December 31, 2020. This decrease was primarily the result of the purchase of investments in portfolio companies and U.S. Treasury Bills as well as repayments under our Credit Facility and was partially offset by sales of investments in portfolio companies, the maturity of U.S. Treasury Bills, the issuance of common stock, proceeds from our 2026 Notes (as defined below) and borrowings under our Credit Facility. 
 Equity Activity 
 We have the authority to issue 100,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.01 par value per share. 
 72 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The shares of common stock issued, the price per share and the proceeds raised, from inception through December 31, 2022, are detailed in the following table (in thousands, except share and per share data): 

Issuance Date 
 
 Shares Issued 

Price per Share 

Gross Proceeds 

October 8, 2015 

1,667 

15.00 

25 

December 22, 2016 

333,333 

15.00 

5,000 

April 19, 2017 

1,000,000 

15.00 

15,000 

June 26, 2017 

1,666,667 

15.00 

25,000 

September 12, 2017 

2,666,667 

15.00 

40,000 

December 22, 2017 

3,000,000 

15.00 

45,000 

May 31, 2018 (1) 

70,563 

14.82 

1,046 

August 31, 2018 (1) 

117,582 

14.92 

1,754 

September 27, 2018 

1,997,337 

15.02 

30,000 

November 15, 2018 (1) 

202,779 

15.07 

3,055 

January 14, 2019 

4,344,964 

15.19 

66,000 

March 26, 2019 (1) 

326,431 

15.14 

4,942 

May 21, 2019 (1) 

374,783 

15.13 

5,670 

May 24, 2019 

3,232,189 

15.16 

49,000 

July 16, 2019 (1) 

464,986 

15.13 

7,035 

August 26, 2019 (1) 

480,121 

14.76 

7,088 

October 15, 2019 

1,666,667 

15.00 

25,000 

November 12, 2019 (1) 

43,979 

14.76 

649 

December 20, 2019 

3,333,333 

15.00 

50,000 

December 23, 2019 (1) 

487,166 

14.52 

7,074 

March 20, 2020 (1) 

575,132 

14.58 

8,385 

March 31, 2020 

21,021 

15.00 

315 

May 20, 2020 (1) 

529,020 

14.25 

7,539 

August 6, 2020 (1) 

550,639 

14.41 

7,935 

October 15, 2020 

3,333,333 

15.00 

50,000 

November 12, 2020 (1) 

593,692 

14.46 

8,585 

March 19, 2021 (1) 

618,815 

14.84 

9,183 

March 24, 2021 

20,461 

15.00 

307 

May 13, 2021 (1) 

637,127 

14.77 

9,410 

August 12, 2021 (1) 

575,032 

14.61 

8,401 

September 29, 2021 

1,265,128 

15.00 

18,977 

October 25, 2021 

6,850,000 

14.60 

100,010 

Total 

41,380,614 

617,386 

(1) Shares were issued as part of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan. 

Stock Repurchase Plans 
 On February 24, 2022, the Board of Directors approved the Repurchase Program under which the Company may repurchase up to 25 million of its outstanding common stock. Under the Repurchase Program, purchases may be made at management s discretion from time to time in open-market transactions, in accordance with all applicable securities laws and regulations. The Repurchase Program was not renewed by the Board of Directors, and expired on February 24, 2023. 
 The following table provides information regarding our repurchases of our common stock pursuant to the Repurchase Program for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Total Number of Shares Repurchased 

Average Price Paid Per Share 

Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That Have Been Purchased Under the Plan (in thousands) 

Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plan (in thousands) 

Quarter ended March 31, 2022 

31,782 

12.88 

409 

24,591 

Quarter ended June 30, 2022 

381,710 

12.76 

4,870 

19,721 

Quarter ended September 30, 2022 

331,264 

12.14 

4,023 

15,698 

Quarter ended December 31, 2022 

126,589 

11.96 

1,514 

14,184 

871,345 

10,816 

73 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Contractual Obligations 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had 315.7 million in unfunded loan commitments, many of which are subject to portfolio company performance milestones, to provide debt financing to 17 portfolio companies. Based on the performance milestones, only a portion of unfunded commitments is currently eligible to be drawn. The Company s management believes that its cash balances and availability under the Credit Facility provides sufficient funds to cover its unfunded commitments as of December 31, 2022. See Note 11 Borrowings to our financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more information on the Company's borrowings. 

Portfolio Company 
 
 Investment Type 
 
 December 31, 2022 

3PL Central LLC 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

15,000 

Brivo, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

16,000 

CloudPay, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

15,000 

Dtex Systems, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

15,000 

EBR Systems, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

30,000 

Intellisite Holdings, Inc. (dba Epic IO Technologies, Inc.) 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

6,000 

Interactions Corporation 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

10,000 

Kin Insurance, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

25,000 

Madison Reed, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

2,400 

Moximed, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

15,000 

Nalu Medical, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

25,000 

Revelle Aesthetics, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

12,500 

Route 92 Medical, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

42,000 

SetPoint Medical Corporation 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

40,000 

Skillshare, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

15,000 

Snagajob.com, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

6,785 

Synack, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

25,000 

Total unused commitments to extend financing 

315,685 

Payments Due by Period 

Total 

Less than 1 Year 

1-3 years 

3-5 years 

More than 5 Years 

Credit Facility 

337,000 

337,000 

2026 Notes 

70,000 

70,000 

2027 Notes 

152,250 

152,250 

Total 

559,250 

559,250 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements, including any risk management of commodity pricing or other hedging practices. 
 Distributions 
 To the extent that we have funds available, we intend to make quarterly distributions to our stockholders. Our stockholder distributions, if any, will be determined by our Board of Directors and will be declared out of assets legally available for distribution. We anticipate that distributions will be paid from income primarily generated by interest and dividend income earned on investments made by us. Under the Dividend Reinvestment Plan, stockholders receive shares of common stock in place of a cash dividend, unless such stockholder elects to receive the dividend in cash by notifying RGC in writing no later than five days prior to the record date for such distribution. 
 Prior to our IPO, the number of shares to be issued to a stockholder under the Dividend Reinvestment Plan was determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the distribution payable to such stockholder by the net asset value per share of our common stock, as of the valuation date fixed by the Board of Directors for such dividend. 
 74 
 
 Table of Contents 
 In connection with our IPO, we entered into our amended and restated Dividend Reinvestment Plan, pursuant to which, if newly issued shares are used to implement the Dividend Reinvestment Plan, the number of shares to be issued to a stockholder will be determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the cash dividend or distribution payable to a stockholder by the market price per share of our common stock at the close of regular trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market LLC on the payment date of a distribution, or if no sale is reported for such day, the average of the reported bid and ask prices. However, if the market price per share on the payment date of a cash dividend or distribution exceeds the most recently computed net asset value per share, we will issue shares at the greater of (i) the most recently computed net asset value per share and (ii) 95 of the current market price per share (or such lesser discount to the current market price per share that still exceeded the most recently computed net asset value per share). 
 If shares are purchased in the open market to implement the Dividend Reinvestment Plan, the number of shares to be issued to a stockholder shall be determined by dividing the dollar amount of the cash dividend payable to such stockholder by the weighted average price per share for all shares purchased by the plan administrator in the open market in connection with the dividend. 
 The number of shares to be issued to a participant in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan are rounded downward to the nearest whole number to avoid the issuance of fractional shares, and any fractional share otherwise issuable to a participant but for this provision is instead be paid to such participant in cash contemporaneously with the issuance of such shares in connection with such cash dividend. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we declared and paid dividends in the amount of 51.6 million, of which 40.7 million was distributed in cash and the remainder distributed in shares to stockholders pursuant to our Dividend Reinvestment Plan. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we declared and paid dividends in the amount of 44.9 million, of which 17.9 million was distributed in cash and the remainder distributed in shares to stockholders pursuant to our Dividend Reinvestment Plan. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we declared and paid dividends in the amount of 39.7 million, of which 7.3 million was distributed in cash and the remainder distributed in shares to stockholders pursuant to our Dividend Reinvestment Plan. 
 The timing and amount of our distributions, if any, will be determined by our Board of Directors and will be declared out of assets legally available for distribution. The following table shows the dividends per share declared since our formation through December 31, 2022. 

Declaration Date 
 
 Record Date 
 
 Payment Date 
 
 Amount per Share 

May 3, 2018 
 
 May 15, 2018 
 
 May 31, 2018 

0.15 

July 26, 2018 
 
 August 15, 2018 
 
 August 31, 2018 

0.25 

November 1, 2018 
 
 October 31, 2018 
 
 November 15, 2018 

0.35 

March 22, 2019 
 
 March 22, 2019 
 
 March 26, 2019 

0.40 

May 2, 2019 
 
 May 7, 2019 
 
 May 21, 2019 

0.45 

May 2, 2019 
 
 May 31, 2019 
 
 July 16, 2019 

0.46 

July 30, 2019 
 
 August 5, 2019 
 
 August 26, 2019 

0.45 

September 27, 2019 
 
 September 30, 2019 
 
 November 12, 2019 

0.04 

December 9, 2019 
 
 December 10, 2019 
 
 December 23, 2019 

0.40 

March 5, 2020 
 
 March 6, 2020 
 
 March 20, 2020 

0.40 

May 7, 2020 
 
 May 8, 2020 
 
 May 21, 2020 

0.35 

August 5, 2020 
 
 August 6, 2020 
 
 August 20, 2020 

0.36 

October 1, 2020 
 
 October 1, 2020 
 
 November 12, 2020 

0.38 

March 4, 2021 
 
 March 5, 2021 
 
 March 19, 2021 

0.37 

April 29, 2021 
 
 April 30, 2021 
 
 May 13, 2021 

0.37 

July 19, 2021 
 
 July 20, 2021 
 
 August 12, 2021 

0.34 

October 28, 2021 
 
 November 8, 2021 
 
 November 22, 2021 

0.25 

February 24, 2022 
 
 March 8, 2022 
 
 March 22, 2022 

0.27 

April 28, 2022 
 
 May 10, 2022 
 
 May 24, 2022 

0.30 

July 28, 2022 
 
 August 9, 2022 
 
 August 23, 2022 

0.33 

October 27, 2022 
 
 November 8, 2022 
 
 November 22, 2022 

0.36 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The preparation of the financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and revenues and expenses during the period reports. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We believe that our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of our 
 75 
 
 Table of Contents 
 financial condition and results of operations and require management s most difficult, subjective and complex judgments, include the valuation of investments and our election to be treated, and intent to qualify annually, as a RIC. See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, which describes our critical accounting policies and recently adopted accounting pronouncements not yet required to be adopted by us. 
 Valuation of Investments 
 We measure the value of our portfolio investments at fair value in accordance with ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements ASC Topic 820 ), issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ). Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 
 The Audit Committee assists our Board of Directors in valuing investments that are not publicly traded or for which current market values are not readily available. Investments for which market quotations are readily available are valued using market quotations, which are generally obtained from independent pricing services, broker-dealers or market makers. With respect to portfolio investments for which market quotations are not readily available, our Board of Directors, with the assistance of the Audit Committee, RGC and its senior investment team and independent valuation agents, is responsible for determining, in good faith, the fair value in accordance with the valuation policy approved by our Board of Directors. If more than one valuation method is used to measure fair value, the results are evaluated and weighted, as appropriate, considering the reasonableness of the range indicated by those results. We consider a range of fair values based upon the valuation techniques utilized and select the value within that range that was most representative of fair value based on current market conditions as well as other factors RGC s senior investment team considers relevant. 
 Our Board of Directors makes this fair value determination on a quarterly basis and any other time when a decision regarding the fair value of the portfolio investments is required. A determination of fair value involves subjective judgments and estimates and depends on the facts and circumstances. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of portfolio investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a readily available market value existed for such investments, and the differences could be material. 
 ASC Topic 820 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. ASC Topic 820 also provides guidance regarding a fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes information used to measure fair value and the effect of fair value measurements on earnings and provides for enhanced disclosures determined by the level within the hierarchy of information used in the valuation. In accordance with ASC Topic 820, these inputs are summarized in the three levels listed below: 
 Level 1 Valuations are based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that are accessible at the measurement date. 

Level 2 Valuations are based on quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant inputs are observable. 

Level 3 Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. Level 3 assets and liabilities include financial instruments whose value is determined using pricing models incorporating significant unobservable inputs, such as discounted cash flow models and other similar valuations techniques. The valuation of Level 3 assets and liabilities generally requires significant management judgment due to the inability to observe inputs to valuation. 

In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, an investment s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of observable input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and considers factors specific to the investment. 
 Under ASC Topic 820, the fair value measurement also assumes that the transaction to sell an asset occurs in the principal market for the asset or, in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market for the asset, which may be a hypothetical market, and excludes transaction costs. The principal market for any asset is the market with the greatest volume and level of activity for such asset in which the reporting entity would or could sell or transfer the asset. In determining the principal market for an asset or liability under ASC Topic 820, it is assumed that the reporting entity has access to such market as of the measurement date. Market participants are defined as buyers and sellers in the principal or most advantageous market that are independent, knowledgeable and willing and able to transact. 
 76 
 
 Table of Contents 
 With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, our Board of Directors undertakes a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below: 
 Our quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company investment being initially valued by RGC s investment professionals that are responsible for the portfolio investment; 

Preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with RGC s senior investment team; 

At least once annually, the valuation for each portfolio investment is reviewed by an independent valuation firm. Certain investments, however, may not be evaluated by an independent valuation firm if the net asset value and other aspects of such investments in the aggregate do not exceed certain thresholds; 

The Audit Committee then reviews these preliminary valuations from RGC and the applicable independent valuation firm, if any, and makes a recommendation to our Board of Directors regarding such valuations; and 

Our Board of Directors reviews the recommended preliminary valuations and determines the fair value of each investment in our portfolio, in good faith, based on the input of RGC, the applicable independent valuation firm and the Audit Committee. 

Our investments are primarily loans made to high growth-potential companies focused in technology, life sciences, healthcare information and services, business services, select consumer services and products and other high-growth industries. These investments are considered Level 3 assets under ASC Topic 820 because there is no known or accessible market or market indices for these types of debt instruments and, thus, RGC s senior investment team must estimate the fair value of these investment securities based on models utilizing unobservable inputs. 
 Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act was adopted by the SEC in December 2020 and establishes a framework for determining fair value in good faith for purposes of the 1940 Act. Rule 2a-5 permits boards, subject to board oversight and certain other conditions, to designate certain parties to perform fair value determinations. Rule 2a-5 also defines when market quotations are readily available for purposes of the 1940 Act and the threshold for determining whether a fund must determine the fair value of a security. The SEC also adopted new Rule 31a-4 under the 1940 Act Rule 31a-4 ), which provides the recordkeeping requirements associated with fair value determinations. Finally, the SEC rescinded previously issued guidance on related issues, including the role of the board in determining fair value and the accounting and auditing of fund investments. Rule 2a-5 and Rule 31a-4 became effective on March 8, 2021, and had a compliance date of September 8, 2022. While our board of directors has not elected to designate RGC as the valuation designee, the Company has adopted certain revisions to its valuation policies and procedures in order to comply with the applicable requirements of Rule 2a-5 and Rule 31a-4. 
 Investment Valuation Techniques 
 Debt Investments. To determine the fair value of our debt investments, we compare the cost basis of the debt investment, which includes original issue discount, to the resulting fair value determined using a discounted cash flow model, unless another model is more appropriate based on the circumstances at the measurement date. The discounted cash flow approach entails analyzing the interest rate spreads for recently completed financing transactions which are similar in nature to our investments, in order to determine a comparable range of effective market interest rates for our investments. The range of interest rate spreads utilized is based on borrowers with similar credit profiles. All remaining expected cash flows of the investment are discounted using this range of interest rates to determine a range of fair values for the debt investment. 
 This valuation process includes, among other things, evaluating the underlying investment performance, the portfolio company s current financial condition and ability to raise additional capital, as well as macro-economic events that may impact valuations. These events include, but are not limited to, current market yields and interest rate spreads of similar securities as of the measurement date. Significant increases or decreases in these unobservable inputs could result in a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement, but a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement of any of the Company s portfolio investments may occur regardless of whether there is a significant increase or decrease in these unobservable inputs. 
 Under certain circumstances, we may use an alternative technique to value the debt investments to be acquired by us that better reflects the fair value of the investment, such as the price paid or realized in a recently completed transaction or a binding offer received in an arms-length transaction, the use of multiple probability-weighted cash flow models when the expected future cash flows contain elements of variability or estimates of proceeds that would be received in a liquidation scenario. 
 77 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Warrants. Fair value of warrants is primarily determined using a Black Scholes option-pricing model. Privately held warrants and equity-related securities are valued based on an analysis of various factors including, but not limited to, the following: 
 Underlying enterprise value of the issuer is estimated based on information available, including any information regarding the most recent rounds of issuer funding. Valuation techniques to determine enterprise value include market multiple approaches, income approaches or approaches that utilize recent rounds of financing and the portfolio company s capital structure to determine enterprise value. Valuation techniques are also utilized to allocate the enterprise fair value of a portfolio company to the specific class of common or preferred stock exercisable in the warrant. Such techniques take into account the rights and preferences of the portfolio company s securities, expected exit scenarios, and volatility associated with such outcomes to allocate the fair value to the specific class of stock held in the portfolio. Such techniques include Option Pricing Models, or OPM, including back-solve techniques, Probability Weighted Expected Return Models, or PWERM, and other techniques as determined to be appropriate. 

Volatility, or the amount of uncertainty or risk about the size of the changes in the warrant price, is based on comparable publicly traded companies within indices similar in nature to the underlying company issuing the warrant. Significant increases (decreases) in this unobservable input could result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value, but a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement of any of the Company s portfolio investments may occur regardless of whether there is a significant increase or decrease in this unobservable input. 

The risk-free interest rates are derived from the U.S. Treasury yield curve. The risk-free interest rates are calculated based on a weighted average of the risk-free interest rates that correspond closest to the expected remaining life of the warrant. Significant increases (decreases) in this unobservable input could result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value, but a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement of any of the Company s portfolio investments may occur regardless of whether there is a significant increase or decrease in this unobservable input. 

Other adjustments, including a marketability discount on private company warrants, are estimated based on our judgment about the general industry environment. Significant increases (decreases) in this unobservable input could result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value, but a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement of any of the Company s portfolio investments may occur regardless of whether there is a significant increase or decrease in this unobservable input. 

Historical portfolio experience on cancellations and exercises of warrants are utilized as the basis for determining the estimated life of the warrants in each financial reporting period. Warrants may be exercised in the event of acquisitions, mergers or IPOs, and cancelled due to events such as bankruptcies, restructuring activities or additional financings. These events cause the expected remaining life assumption to be shorter than the contractual term of the warrants. Significant increases or decreases in this unobservable input could result in a significantly higher or lower fair value, but a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement of any of the Company s portfolio investments may occur regardless of whether there is a significant increase or decrease in this unobservable input. 

Under certain circumstances we may use an alternative technique to value warrants that better reflects the warrants fair values, such as an expected settlement of a warrant in the near term, a model that incorporates a put feature associated with the warrant, or the price paid or realized in a recently completed transaction or binding offer received in an arms-length transaction. The fair value may be determined based on the expected proceeds to be received from such settlement or based on the net present value of the expected proceeds from the put option. 
 These valuation methodologies involve a significant degree of judgment. There is no single standard for determining the fair value of investments that do not have an active public market. Valuations of privately held investments are inherently uncertain, as they are based on estimates, and their values may fluctuate over time. The determination of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if an active market for these investments existed. In some cases, the fair value of such investments is best expressed as a range of values derived utilizing different methodologies from which a fair value may then be determined. 
 Equity Investments. The fair value of an equity investment in a privately held company is initially the face value of the amount invested. We adjust the fair value of equity investments in private companies upon the completion of a new third-party round of equity financing subsequent to our investment. We may make adjustments to fair value, absent a new equity financing event, based upon positive or negative changes in a portfolio company s financial or operational performance. We may also reference comparable transactions and/or secondary market transactions in connection with our determination of fair value. The fair value of an equity investment in a publicly traded company is based upon the closing public share price on the date of measurement. These assets are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. These valuation methodologies involve a significant degree of judgment. There is no single 
 78 
 
 Table of Contents 
 standard for determining the fair value of investments that do not have an active public market. Valuations of privately held investments are inherently uncertain, as they are based on estimates, and their values may fluctuate over time. The determination of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if an active market for these investments existed. In some cases, the fair value of such investments is best expressed as a range of values derived utilizing different methodologies from which a fair value may then be determined. 
 Fair Value 
 The Company s assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis subject to the requirements of ASC Topic 820 at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (in thousands): 

As of December 31, 2022 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Portfolio Investments 

Common Stock 

501 

1,422 

1,174 

3,097 

Preferred Stock 

12,335 

- 

347 

12,682 

Senior Secured Term Loans 

- 

- 

1,080,121 

1,080,121 

Second Lien Term Loans 

- 

- 

13,654 

13,654 

Warrants 

- 

105 

16,650 

16,755 

Total Portfolio Investments 

12,836 

1,527 

1,111,946 

1,126,309 

Total Investments 

12,836 

1,527 

1,111,946 

1,126,309 

As of December 31, 2021 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Portfolio Investments 

Common Stock 

2,560 

8,904 

- 

11,464 

Preferred Stock 

15,705 

- 

1,332 

17,037 

Senior Secured Term Loans 

- 

- 

623,054 

623,054 

Second Lien Term Loans 

- 

- 

12,873 

12,873 

Warrants 

- 

- 

20,087 

20,087 

Total Portfolio Investments 

18,265 

8,904 

657,346 

684,515 

U.S. Treasury Bill 

45,001 

- 

- 

45,001 

Total Investments 

63,266 

8,904 

657,346 

729,516 

Investment Transactions and Related Investment Income 
 Security transactions, if any, are recorded on a trade-date basis. We measure realized gains or losses from the repayment or sale of investments using the specific identification method. The amortized cost basis of investments represents the original cost adjusted for the accretion/amortization of discounts and premiums and upfront loan origination fees. We report changes in fair value of investments that are measured at fair value as a component of net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments in the statement of operations. 
 Dividends are recorded on the applicable ex-dividend date. Interest income, if any, adjusted for amortization of market premium and accretion of market discount, is recorded on an accrual basis to the extent that we expect to collect such amounts. Original issue discount, principally representing the estimated fair value of detachable equity, warrants, or contractual success fees obtained in conjunction with our debt investments, loan origination fees, end of term payments, and market discount or premium are capitalized and accreted or amortized into interest income over the life of the respective security using the effective interest method. Loan origination fees received in connection with the closing of investments are reported as unearned income, which is included as amortized cost of the investment; the unearned income from such fees is accreted over the contractual life of the loan based on the effective interest method. Upon prepayment of a loan or debt security, any unamortized loan origination fees, end-of-term payments, and unamortized market discounts are recorded as interest income and any prepayment penalties are recorded as fee income. 
 Management and Incentive Fees 
 We accrue for base management fees and incentive fees. The accrual for incentive fees includes the recognition of incentive fees on unrealized capital gains, even though such incentive fees are neither earned nor payable to RGC until the gains are both realized and in excess of unrealized depreciation on investments. See Note 8 Related Party Agreements and Transactions to our financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10 K for more information on the Advisory Agreement and the fee structure thereunder. 
 79 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Income Taxes 
 We have elected to be treated, and currently qualify and intend to qualify annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. A RIC generally is not subject to U.S. federal income tax on distributed income and gains if it timely distributes at least 90 of its net ordinary income and net short-term capital gains in excess of its net long-term capital losses, if any, to its stockholders. So long as we qualify, and maintain our status, as a RIC, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on any ordinary income or capital gains that we distribute at least annually to our stockholders as dividends. Rather, any tax liability related to income earned by us represents obligations of our investors and will not be reflected in the financial statements of the Company. We intend to make sufficient distributions to maintain our RIC tax treatment each year and we do not anticipate paying any material U.S. federal income taxes in the future. 
 Distributions 
 Distributions to common stockholders are recorded on the applicable record date. The amount, if any, to be distributed to common stockholders is determined by the Board each quarter and is generally based upon earnings estimated by management. Net realized capital gains, if any, are generally distributed at least annually. 
 Recent Developments 
 We evaluated events subsequent to December 31, 2022, through March 2, 2023. 
 On January 3, 2023, TRACON Pharmaceuticals, Inc. prepaid its outstanding principal balance of 10.0 million on the senior secured loan. 
 On January 4, 2023, we entered into an amendment (the Credit Agreement Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of April 20, 2022 (the Credit Agreement ), among the Company, as borrower; the financial institutions parties thereto as lenders (the Lenders KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent for the Lenders; CIBC Bank USA, as documentation agent; MUFG Bank, Ltd., as co-documentation agent; and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral custodian and paying agent. The Credit Agreement Amendment amended the Credit Agreement to, among other things, (i) revise the liquidity covenant to incorporate coverage for delayed draw term loans within the Company s pledged loan portfolio and make additional clarifying modifications to the covenant; (ii) add a swingline sub-commitment within the KeyBank commitment to accommodate the potential for delayed fundings of Lender advances; and (iii) change the requirements for future facility amount increases under the accordion provisions of the Credit Agreement. In conjunction with the Credit Agreement Amendment, we increased the facility amount under the Credit Agreement by 50.0 million pursuant to the existing accordion provisions of the Credit Agreement. As part of the increased facility amount, Autobahn Funding Company LLC and Valley National Bank became new Lenders. The amendments to the Credit Agreement were effective as of January 4, 2023, with the exception of the revision to the liquidity covenant, which was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 On January 31, 2023, we funded an investment of 2.0 million to Intellisite Holdings, Inc. (dba Epic IO Technologies,Inc.). 
 
 On February 23, 2023, the Board of Directors declared an ordinary distribution of 0.40 per share and a supplemental distribution of 0.05 per share for stockholders of record on March 7, 2023 payable on or before March 21, 2023. 
 
 On February 23, 2023, we funded an investment of 4.0 million to Brivo, Inc. 
 80 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 We commenced investment activities in portfolio securities during the quarter ended June 30, 2017 and commenced investment activities in U.S. Treasury Bills during the quarter ended December 31, 2016. 
 We are subject to financial market risk, including changes in the valuations of our investment portfolio. Market risk includes risks that arise from changes in interest rates, commodity prices, equity prices and other market changes that affect market sensitive instruments. The prices of securities held by us may decline in response to certain events, including those directly involving the companies we invest in; conditions affecting the general economy; overall market changes; legislative reform; local, regional, national or global political, social or economic instability; and interest rate fluctuations. Uncertainty with respect to the ongoing economic effects of the COVID 19 pandemic has introduced significant volatility in the financial markets, and the effects of this volatility could materially impact our market risks. For additional information concerning the COVID 19 pandemic and its potential impact on our business and our operating results, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Valuation Risk 
 Our investments may not have a readily available market price, and we value these investments at fair value as determined in good faith by our Board of Directors in accordance with our valuation policy. There is no single standard for determining fair value in good faith. As a result, determining fair value requires that judgment be applied to the specific facts and circumstances of each portfolio investment while employing a consistently applied valuation process for the types of investments we make. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of our investments may fluctuate from period to period. Because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation, these estimated values may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market for the investments existed, and it is possible that the difference could be material. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. Interest rate risk is defined as the sensitivity of our current and future earnings to interest rate volatility, variability of spread relationships, the difference in re-pricing intervals between our assets and liabilities and the effect that interest rates may have on our cash flows. Changes in interest rates may affect both our cost of funding and our interest income from portfolio investments, and cash and cash equivalents. Changes in interest rates can also affect our ability to acquire and originate loans and securities and the value of our investment portfolio. Our net investment income is affected by fluctuations in various interest rates, including SOFR, and Prime rates. Increasing interest rates could have the effect of increasing our total investment income once interest rates increase above contractual interest rates floors to which our portfolio companies are subject. Conversely, we would expect the cost of our floating rate Credit Facility and unsecured notes to increase as well, offsetting the positive effect on our net interest income. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 99 , or 1,084.5 million, of our debt portfolio investments bore interest at variable rates, consisting of approximately 67 based on SOFR and 32 based on Prime. As a policy, any interest in excess of the cash cap, if applicable, as determined on an individual loan basis will accrue to principal and be treated as PIK interest. A hypothetical 200 basis point increase or decrease in the interest rates on our variable-rate debt investments could increase our investment income by a maximum of 21.9 million and decrease our investment income by a maximum of 20.6 million, due to certain floors, on an annual basis. 
 Our debt borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest at a floating rate, all other outstanding debt borrowings bear interest at a fixed rate. Borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest on a per annum basis equal to the SOFR plus an applicable margin rate that ranges from 2.95 to 3.35 per annum depending on the Company's leverage ratio and number of eligible loans in the collateral pool. For additional information regarding the interest rate associated with each of our debt borrowings, see Note 11 Borrowings to our financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10 K. 
 Because we currently borrow, and plan to borrow in the future, to originate loans and securities, our net investment income is dependent upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds and the rate at which we invest the funds borrowed. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. In periods of rising interest rates, our cost of funds would increase, which could reduce our net investment income if there is not a corresponding increase in interest income generated by our investment portfolio. 
 81 
 
 Table of Contents 
 We regularly measure exposure to interest rate risk. We assess interest rate risk and manage interest rate exposure on an ongoing basis by comparing our interest rate sensitive assets to our interest rate sensitive liabilities. We may hedge against interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations by using standard hedging instruments such as futures, options and forward contracts subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act. While hedging activities may insulate us against adverse changes in interest rates, they may also limit our ability to participate in benefits of lower interest rates with respect to our portfolio of investments with fixed interest rates. 
 In addition, any investments we make that are denominated in a foreign currency will be subject to risks associated with changes in currency exchange rates. These risks include the possibility of significant fluctuations in the foreign currency markets, the imposition or modification of foreign exchange controls and potential illiquidity in the secondary market. These risks will vary depending upon the currency or currencies involved and may be exacerbated by the COVID 19 pandemic and its impact on foreign financial markets. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Structure in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10 K. 
 82 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Index to Audited Financial Statements 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

84 

Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

85 

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

86 

Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

87 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

88 

Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

89 

Notes to Financial Statements 

108 

83 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Report of I ndependent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Runway Growth Finance Corp. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying statements of assets and liabilities of Runway Growth Finance Corp. (the Company), including the schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes, which include the senior securities table, to the financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of investments owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by correspondence with the custodians and portfolio companies and other appropriate procedures where replies were not received. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ RSM US LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 
 
 Chicago, Illinois March 2, 2023 
 84 
 
 Table of Contents 
 RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP. 
 Statements of Assets and Liabilities 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Investments at fair value: 

Non-control/non-affiliate investments at fair value (cost of and , respectively) 

Affiliate investments at fair value (cost of and , respectively) 

Control investments at fair value (cost of and , respectively) 

Investment in U.S. Treasury Bills at fair value (cost of and , respectively) 

Total investments at fair value (cost of and , respectively) 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accrued interest receivable 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Debt: 

Credit facility 

2026 Notes 

2027 Notes 

Unamortized deferred debt costs 

() 

() 

Total debt, less unamortized deferred debt costs 

Reverse repurchase agreement 

Incentive fees payable 

Interest payable 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 3) 

Net assets 

Common stock, par value 

Additional paid-in capital 

Distributable (losses) 

() 

() 

Treasury stock 

() 

Total net assets 

Shares of common stock outstanding par value, shares authorized) 

Net asset value per share 

See notes to financial statements. 
 85 
 
 Table of Contents 
 RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP. 
 Statements of Operations 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Investment income 

From non-control/non-affiliate investments: 

Interest income 

Payment in-kind interest income 

Dividend income 

Fee income 

From affiliate investments: 

Interest income 

Payment in-kind interest income 

Fee income 

From control investments: 

Interest income 

Payment in-kind interest income 

Other income 

Total investment income 

Operating expenses 

Management fees 

Incentive fees 

Interest expense 

Professional fees 

Overhead allocation expense 

Insurance expense 

Administration fee 

Debt financing fees 

Directors' fees 

Tax expense 

Other expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Net investment income 

Realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments 

Realized gain (loss) on non control/non-affiliate investments, including U.S. Treasury Bills 

() 

Realized gain (loss) on control investments 

() 

Net realized gain (loss) on investments 

() 

() 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on non control/non-affiliate investments, including U.S. Treasury Bills 

() 

() 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on affiliate investments 

() 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on control investments 

() 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments and U.S. Treasury Bills 

() 

() 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments 

() 

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations per common share 

Net investment income per common share 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

See notes to financial statements. 
 86 
 
 Table of Contents 
 RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP. 
 Statements of Changes in Net Assets 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Common Stock 

Shares (1) 

Amount 

Treasury Stock 

Paid-in Capital in Excess of Par Value 

Accumulated Undistributed Earnings (Losses) 

Total Net Assets 

Balances at December 31, 2019 

() 

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

Issuance of common stock 

Reinvestment of dividends 

Refunds (payments) of offering costs 

() 

() 

Dividends paid to stockholders 

() 

() 

Tax reclassification 

() 

Balances at December 31, 2020 

() 

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

Issuance of common stock 

Reinvestment of dividends 

Refunds (payments) of offering costs 

() 

() 

Dividends paid to stockholders 

() 

() 

Balances at December 31, 2021 

() 

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

Acquisition of treasury shares 

() 

() 

() 

Refunds (payments) of offering costs 

Dividends paid to stockholders 

() 

() 

Tax reclassification 

() 

Balances at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

(1) 
 Number of shares is shown net of treasury stock repurchases. 

See notes to financial statements. 
 87 
 
 Table of Contents 
 RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP. 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net increase in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Purchases of investments 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases of U.S. Treasury Bills 

() 

() 

Payment in-kind interest 

() 

() 

() 

Sales or repayments of investments 

Sales or maturities of U.S. Treasury Bills 

Proceeds from U.S. Treasury Bills sold short 

Net realized (gain) loss on investments, including U.S. Treasury Bills 

() 

Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments, including U.S. Treasury Bills 

() 

Amortization of fixed income premiums or accretion of discounts 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of deferred debt costs 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accrued interest receivable 

() 

() 

Other assets 

() 

() 

Incentive fees payable 

Interest payable 

() 

() 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Payments of deferred financing costs 

() 

() 

() 

Borrowings under credit facility 

Repayments under credit facility 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from 2026 Notes 

Proceeds from 2027 Notes 

Proceeds from reverse repurchase agreements 

Repayments of reverse repurchase agreements 

() 

() 

() 

Acquisition of treasury shares 

() 

Dividends paid to stockholders 

() 

() 

() 

Refunds (payments) of offering costs 

() 

() 

Cash received from common stock issued 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental and non-cash financing cash flow information: 

Taxes paid 

Interest paid 

Non-cash portfolio purchases 

Non-cash dividend reinvestments 

See notes to financial statements. 
 88 
 
 Table of Contents 
 RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP. 
 Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Companies 
 
 Investment Description (1),(5),(9) 
 
 Acquisition Date 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Principal ) / Shares 

Cost ) 

Fair Value ) (2),(6) 

Footnotes 

Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments 

Senior Secured Term Loans 

Application Software 

Circadence Corporation 
 
 SOFR+ PIK, floor, ETP 

(4)(8) 

Dtex Systems, Inc. 
 
 SOFR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

FiscalNote, Inc. 
 
 PRIME+ , floor, PIK, ETP 

(4)(8) 

PRIME+ , floor, PIK, ETP 

(4)(8) 

PRIME+ , floor, PIK, ETP 

(4)(8) 

VTX Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (dba VertexOne) 
 
 SOFR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

SOFR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

Total Application Software - 

Biotechnology 

Mustang Bio, Inc. 
 
 SOFR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

TRACON Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 PRIME+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

Total Biotechnology - 

Data Processing Outsourced Services 

Interactions Corporation 
 
 SOFR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

ShareThis, Inc. 
 
 SOFR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

SOFR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

SOFR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

SOFR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

Vesta Payment Solutions, Inc. 
 
 SOFR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

Total Data Processing Outsourced Services - 

Education Services 

Turning Tech Intermediate, Inc. (dba Echo 360, Inc.) 
 
 SOFR+ , floor, cash cap, ETP 

(4)(8) 

SOFR+ , floor, cash cap, ETP 

(4)(8) 

Total Education Services - 

Electronic Equipment Instruments 

Brivo, Inc. 
 
 SOFR+ , floor, of interest PIK, ETP 

(4)(8) 

Intellisite Holdings, Inc. (dba Epic IO Technologies, Inc.) 
 
 SOFR+ , floor, ETP 

SOFR+ , floor, ETP 

SOFR+ , floor, ETP 

SOFR+ , floor, ETP 

SOFR+ , floor, ETP 

SOFR+ , floor, ETP 

Total Electronic Equipment Instruments - 

89 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 See notes to financial statements. 
 RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP. 
 Schedule of Investments (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Companies 
 
 Investment Description (1),(5),(9) 
 
 Acquisition Date 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Principal ) / Shares 

Cost ) 

Fair Value ) (2),(6) 

Footnotes 

Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments 

Senior Secured Term Loans 

Health Care Equipment 

Moximed, Inc. 
 
 PRIME+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

Revelle Aesthetics, Inc. 
 
 PRIME+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

Total Health Care Equipment - 

Health Care Technology 

Allurion Technologies, Inc. 
 
 PRIME+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

PRIME+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

PRIME+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

PRIME+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

EBR Systems, Inc. 
 
 PRIME+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

Gynesonics, Inc. 
 
 SOFR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

SOFR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

Mingle Healthcare Solutions, Inc. 
 
 SOFR+ , floor, PIK, ETP 

(4)(8) 

Nalu Medical, Inc. 
 
 PRIME+ , floor, PIK, ETP 

(4)(8) 

Route 92 Medical, Inc. 
 
 SOFR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

SetPoint Medical Corporation 
 
 SOFR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

VERO Biotech LLC 
 
 SOFR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

SOFR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

Total Health Care Technology - 

Human Resource Employment Services 

CloudPay, Inc. 
 
 PRIME+ , floor, ETP 

(3)(8)(12) 

Snagajob.com, Inc. 
 
 SOFR+ , floor, cash cap, ETP 

(4)(8) 

Total Human Resource Employment Services - 

Internet Direct Marketing Retail 

Madison Reed, Inc. 
 
 PRIME+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

Marley Spoon AG 
 
 SOFR+ , PIK, floor 

(3)(4)(8)(11) 

SOFR+ , PIK, floor 

(3)(4)(8)(11) 

SOFR+ , PIK, floor 

(3)(4)(8)(11) 

Total Internet Direct Marketing Retail - 

See notes to financial statements. 
 90 
 
 Table of Contents 
 RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP. 
 Schedule of Investments (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Companies 
 
 Investment Description (1),(5),(9) 
 
 Acquisition Date 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Principal ) / Shares 

Cost ) 

Fair Value ) (2),(6) 

Footnotes 

Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments 

Senior Secured Term Loans 

Internet Software and Services 

Bombora, Inc. 
 
 SOFR+ , floor, PIK, ETP 

(4)(8) 

Fidelis Cybersecurity, Inc. 
 
 SOFR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

SOFR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

INRIX, Inc. 
 
 SOFR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

SOFR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

Skillshare, Inc. 
 
 SOFR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

Synack, Inc. 
 
 PRIME+ , floor 

(8) 

Total Internet Software and Services - 

Property Casualty Insurance 

Kin Insurance, Inc. 
 
 PRIME+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

Total Property Casualty Insurance - 

System Software 

3PL Central LLC 
 
 SOFR+ , floor, PIK, ETP 

(4)(8) 

Total System Software - 

Total Senior Secured Term Loans - 

Second Lien Term Loans 

System Software 

Dejero Labs Inc. 
 
 SOFR+ , floor, PIK, ETP 

(3)(4)(8)(10) 

Total System Software - 

Total Second Lien Term Loans - 

Preferred Stocks 

Application Software 

Aria Systems, Inc. 
 
 Series G 

(7) 

Total Application Software - 

Health Care Technology 

CareCloud, Inc. 
 
 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual 

(15)(17) 

Total Health Care Technology - 

Total Preferred Stocks - 

See notes to financial statements. 
 91 
 
 Table of Contents 
 RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP. 
 Schedule of Investments (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Companies 
 
 Investment Description (1),(5),(9) 
 
 Acquisition Date 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Principal ) / Shares 

Cost ) 

Fair Value ) (2),(6) 

Footnotes 

Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments 

Common Stocks 

Application Software 

FiscalNote, Inc. 

(7)(19) 

Total Application Software - 

Technology Hardware, Storage Peripherals 

Quantum Corporation 

(3)(7)(15)(17) 

zSpace, Inc. 

(7) 

Total Technology Hardware, Storage Peripherals - 

Total Common Stocks - 

Warrants 

Advertising 

STN Video Inc. 
 
 Class B Non-Voting Stock 

(3)(7) 

Total Advertising - 

Application Software 

3DNA Corp. (dba NationBuilder) 
 
 Series C-1 Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Aria Systems, Inc. 
 
 Series G Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Circadence Corporation 
 
 Series A-6 Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Series A-6 Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Dtex Systems, Inc. 
 
 Series C-Prime Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Series C-Prime Preferred Stock 

(7) 

FiscalNote, Inc. 
 
 Earnout 

(7)(13)(19) 

Porch Group, Inc. 
 
 Earnout 

(7)(13)(15) 

Total Application Software - 

Biotechnology 

Mustang Bio, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

(7) 

TRACON Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

(7)(15) 

Total Biotechnology - 

Computer Electronics Retail 

Massdrop, Inc. 
 
 Series B Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Total Computer Electronics Retail - 

See notes to financial statements. 
 92 
 
 Table of Contents 
 RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP. 
 Schedule of Investments (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Companies 
 
 Investment Description (1),(5),(9) 
 
 Acquisition Date 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Principal ) / Shares 

Cost ) 

Fair Value ) (2),(6) 

Footnotes 

Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments 

Warrants 

Data Processing Outsourced Services 

Interactions Corporation 
 
 Common Stock 

(7) 

ShareThis, Inc. 
 
 Series D-3 Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Total Data Processing Outsourced Services - 

Electronic Equipment Instruments 

Brivo, Inc. 
 
 Series A-2 Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Epic IO Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Success fee 

(7)(13) 

Total Electronic Equipment Instruments - 

Health Care Equipment 

Moximed, Inc. 
 
 Series C Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Revelle Aesthetics, Inc. 
 
 Series A-2 Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Total Health Care Equipment - 

Health Care Technology 

Allurion Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Series C Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Series D-1 Preferred Stock 

(7) 

CareCloud, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

(7) 

EBR Systems, Inc. 
 
 Success fee 

(7)(13) 

Gynesonics, Inc. 
 
 Series G Convertible Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Mingle Healthcare Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Series CC Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Nalu Medical, Inc. 
 
 Series D-2 Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Route 92 Medical, Inc. 
 
 Success fee 

(7)(13) 

SetPoint Medical Corporation 
 
 Series B Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Series B Preferred Stock 

(7) 

VERO Biotech LLC 
 
 Success fee 

(7)(13) 

Total Health Care Technology - 

Human Resource Employment Services 

CloudPay, Inc. 
 
 Series B Preferred Stock 

(3)(7)(12) 

Series D Preferred Stock 

(3)(7)(12) 

Snagajob.com, Inc. 
 
 Series B-1 Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Total Human Resource Employment Services - 

See notes to financial statements. 
 93 
 
 Table of Contents 
 RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP. 
 Schedule of Investments (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Companies 
 
 Investment Description (1),(5),(9) 
 
 Acquisition Date 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Principal ) / Shares 

Cost ) 

Fair Value ) (2),(6) 

Footnotes 

Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments 

Warrants 

Internet Direct Marketing Retail 

Madison Reed, Inc. 
 
 Success fee 

(7)(13) 

Total Internet Direct Marketing Retail - 

Internet Software and Services 

Bombora, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

(7) 

Fidelis Cybersecurity, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

(7)(16) 

INRIX, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

(7) 

Longtail Ad Solutions, Inc. (dba JW Player) 
 
 Common Stock 

(7) 

Skillshare, Inc. 
 
 Success fee 

(7)(13) 

Synack, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

(7) 

Total Internet Software and Services - 

Property Casualty Insurance 

Kin Insurance, Inc. 
 
 Series D-3 Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Total Property Casualty Insurance - 

Specialized Consumer Services 

AllClear ID, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

(7) 

Credit Sesame, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

(7) 

Total Specialized Consumer Services - 

System Software 

Dejero Labs Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

(3)(7)(10) 

Scale Computing, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

(7) 

Total System Software - 

Technology Hardware, Storage Peripherals 

RealWear, Inc. 
 
 Series A Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Series A Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Series A Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Total Technology Hardware, Storage Peripherals - 

Total Warrants - 

Total Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments 

See notes to financial statements. 
 94 
 
 Table of Contents 
 RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP. 
 Schedule of Investments (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Companies 
 
 Investment Description (1),(5),(9) 
 
 Acquisition Date 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Principal ) / Shares 

Cost ) 

Fair Value ) (2),(6) 

Footnotes 

Affiliate Investments 

(18) 

Common Stocks 

Application Software 

Coginiti Corp 

(7) 

Total Application Software - 

Total Common Stocks - 

Warrants 

Application Software 

Coginiti Corp 
 
 Common Stock 

(7) 

Total Application Software - 

Total Warrants - 

Total Affiliate Investments 

Control Investments 

(14) 

Senior Secured Term Loans 

Data Processing Outsourced Services 

Pivot3, Inc. 
 
 LIBOR+ PIK, floor, ETP 

(4)(7) 

Total Data Processing Outsourced Services - 

Total Senior Secured Term Loans - 

Total Control Investments 

Total Investments 

(1) , the U.S. Prime Rate was and the 3-Month SOFR was . 

(2) 

(3) of total assets as of December 31, 2022 . Qualifying assets must represent at least of total assets at the time of acquisition of any additional non-qualifying assets. If at any time qualifying assets do not represent at least 70 of the Company s total assets, the Company will be precluded from acquiring any additional non-qualifying assets until such time as it complies with the requirements of Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act. 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

(7) 

(8) 

See notes to financial statements. 
 95 
 
 Table of Contents 
 RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP. 
 Schedule of Investments (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 (9) 

(10) 

(11) 

(12) 

(13) 

(14) of the investment s voting securities or has greater than representation on its board. 

(15) 

(16) 

(17) 

(18) and (inclusive) of the investment's voting securities and does not have rights to maintain greater than representation on the board. 

(19) 

Value as a percentage of net assets. 
 See notes to financial statements. 
 96 
 
 Table of Contents 
 RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP. 
 Schedule of Investments (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 The Company classifies its investment portfolio in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act. Control investments are investments in which the Company owns more than 25 of the voting securities or maintains greater than 50 representation on the board. Affiliate investments are investments in which the Company owns between 5 and 25 (inclusive) of the voting securities and does not have rights to maintain greater than 50 representation on the board. Transactions related to the Company's affiliate and control investments during year ended December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Amount of Investment Income Earned 2022 

Fair Value as of December 31, 2021 

Gross Additions (1) 

Gross Reductions (2) 

Net Realized Gains (Losses) 

Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 

Fair Value as of December 31, 2022 (3) 

Portfolio Company (4) 
 
 Investment Description 

Affiliate Investments 

Senior Secured Term Loans 

Coginiti Corp 
 
 LIBOR+ PIK, floor, due 

() 

Total Senior Secured Term Loans 

() 

Common Stocks 

Coginiti Corp 
 
 Common Stock 

() 

Total Common Stocks 

() 

Warrants 

Coginiti Corp 
 
 Warrant for Common Stock, exercise price /share, expires 

() 

Total Warrants 

() 

Total Affiliate Investments 

() 

() 

Control Investments 

Senior Secured Term Loans 

Mojix, Inc. 
 
 LIBOR+ , cash cap, ETP, due 

() 

() 

LIBOR+ , cash cap, ETP, due 

() 

() 

LIBOR+ , cash cap, ETP, due 

() 

() 

LIBOR+ , cash cap, ETP, due 

() 

() 

LIBOR+ , cash cap, ETP, due 

() 

() 

LIBOR+ , cash cap, ETP, due 

() 

() 

Pivot3, Inc. 
 
 LIBOR+ PIK, floor, due 

() 

Total Senior Secured Term Loans 

() 

() 

Preferred Stocks 

Mojix, Inc. 
 
 Series A-1 Preferred Stock 

() 

() 

Pivot3 Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Series 1 Preferred Stock 

() 

Total Preferred Stocks 

() 

() 

Warrants 

Mojix, Inc. 
 
 Warrant for Common Stock, exercise price /share, expires 

() 

Warrant for Common Stock, exercise price /share, expires 

() 

Warrant for Common Stock, exercise price /share, expires 

() 

Total Warrants 

() 

Total Control Investments 

() 

() 

() 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) of the Company s net assets, are restricted as to resale and were valued at fair value as determined in good faith by the Company s Board of Directors. 

See notes to financial statements 
 97 
 
 Table of Contents 
 RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP. 
 Schedule of Investments (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands) 
 
 The following tables show the fair value of our portfolio of investments by geographic region and industry as of December 31, 2022: 

Investments at Fair Value 

Geographic Region 
 
 Investments at Fair Value 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Northeastern United States 

Western United States 

South Central United States 

Southeastern United States 

Midwestern United States 

Northwestern United States 

United Kingdom 

Germany 

Canada 

Total 

December 31, 2022 

Industry 
 
 Investments at Fair Value 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Health Care Technology 

Application Software 

Internet Software and Services 

Human Resource Employment Services 

Data Processing Outsourced Services 

System Software 

Electronic Equipment Instruments 

Internet Direct Marketing Retail 

Property Casualty Insurance 

Biotechnology 

Health Care Equipment 

Education Services 

Technology Hardware, Storage Peripherals 

Specialized Consumer Services 

Computer Electronics Retail 

Total 

See notes to financial statements. 
 98 
 
 Table of Contents 
 RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP. 
 Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Companies 
 
 Investment Description (1),(5),(9) 
 
 Acquisition Date 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Principal ) / Shares 

Cost ) 

Fair Value ) (2),(6) 

Footnotes 

Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments 

Senior Secured Term Loans 

Application Software 

Aginity, Inc. 
 
 LIBOR+ PIK, floor 

(4) 

Fixed PIK 

(4) 

Circadence Corporation 
 
 LIBOR+ PIK, floor, ETP 

(4)(8) 

Dtex Systems, Inc. 
 
 LIBOR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

FiscalNote, Inc. 
 
 LIBOR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

LIBOR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

VTX Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (dba VertexOne) 
 
 LIBOR+ , floor, ETP 

Total Application Software - 

Data Processing Outsourced Services 

ShareThis, Inc. 
 
 LIBOR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

LIBOR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

LIBOR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

LIBOR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

Total Data Processing Outsourced Services - 

Education Services 

Turning Tech Intermediate, Inc. 
 
 LIBOR+ , floor, ETP 

Total Education Services - 

Electronic Equipment Instruments 

Intellisite Holdings, Inc. (dba Epic IO Technologies, Inc.) 
 
 LIBOR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

Total Electronic Equipment Instruments - 

Health Care Technology 

Allurion Technologies, Inc. 
 
 LIBOR+ , floor, ETP 

LIBOR+ , floor, ETP 

CrossRoads Extremity Systems, LLC 
 
 LIBOR+ , PIK, floor, ETP 

(4) 

Gynesonics, Inc. 
 
 LIBOR+ , floor, ETP 

Mingle Healthcare Solutions, Inc. 
 
 LIBOR+ , floor, PIK, ETP 

(4)(8) 

Route 92 Medical, Inc. 
 
 LIBOR+ , floor, ETP 

SetPoint Medical Corporation 
 
 LIBOR+ , floor, ETP 

VERO Biotech LLC 
 
 LIBOR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

LIBOR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

Total Health Care Technology - 

See notes to financial statements. 
 99 
 
 Table of Contents 
 RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP. 
 Schedule of Investments (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Companies 
 
 Investment Description (1),(5),(9) 
 
 Acquisition Date 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Principal ) / Shares 

Cost ) 

Fair Value ) (2),(6) 

Footnotes 

Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments 

Senior Secured Term Loans 

Human Resource Employment Services 

CloudPay, Inc. 
 
 LIBOR+ , floor, ETP 

(3)(13) 

Snagajob.com, Inc. 
 
 LIBOR+ , floor, ETP 

Total Human Resource Employment Services - 

Internet Retail 

Brilliant Earth, LLC 
 
 LIBOR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

LIBOR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

Marley Spoon AG 
 
 LIBOR+ , PIK, floor 

(3)(4)(12) 

LIBOR+ , PIK, floor 

(3)(4)(12) 

Total Internet Retail - 

Internet Software and Services 

Bombora, Inc. 
 
 LIBOR+ , floor, PIK, ETP 

(4)(8) 

Fidelis Cybersecurity, Inc. 
 
 LIBOR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

INRIX, Inc. 
 
 LIBOR+ , floor, ETP 

(8) 

Total Internet Software and Services - 

Total Senior Secured Term Loans - 

Second Lien Term Loans 

System Software 

Dejero Labs Inc. 
 
 LIBOR+ , floor, PIK, ETP 

(3)(4)(11) 

Total System Software - 

Total Second Lien Term Loans - 

Preferred Stocks 

Application Software 

Aria Systems, Inc. 
 
 Series G 

(7) 

Total Application Software - 

Health Care Technology 

CareCloud, Inc. 
 
 11 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual 

(16)(19) 

Total Health Care Technology - 

Total Preferred Stocks - 

See notes to financial statements. 
 100 
 
 Table of Contents 
 RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP. 
 Schedule of Investments (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Companies 
 
 Investment Description (1),(5),(9) 
 
 Acquisition Date 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Principal ) / Shares 

Cost ) 

Fair Value ) (2),(6) 

Footnotes 

Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments 

Common Stocks 

Application Software 

Porch Group, Inc. 

(7)(16)(19) 

Total Application Software - 

Internet Retail 

Brilliant Earth Group, Inc. 
 
 Class P Units 

(7)(18) 

Total Internet Retail - 

Technology Hardware, Storage Peripherals 

Quantum Corporation 

(3)(7)(16)(19) 

zSpace, Inc. 

(7) 

Total Technology Hardware, Storage Peripherals - 

Total Common Stocks - 

Warrants 

Advertising 

STN Video Inc. 
 
 Class B Non-Voting Stock 

(3)(7) 

Total Advertising - 

Application Software 

3DNA Corp. (dba NationBuilder) 
 
 Series C-1 Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Aginity, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

Aria Systems, Inc. 
 
 Series G Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Circadence Corporation 
 
 Series A-6 Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Series A-6 Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Dtex Systems, Inc. 
 
 Series C-Prime Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Series C-Prime Preferred Stock 

(7) 

FiscalNote, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

(7) 

Porch Group, Inc. 
 
 Earnout 

(7)(14)(16) 

Total Application Software - 

Computer Electronics Retail 

Massdrop, Inc. 
 
 Series B Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Total Computer Electronics Retail - 

See notes to financial statements. 
 101 
 
 Table of Contents 
 RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP. 
 Schedule of Investments (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Companies 
 
 Investment Description (1),(5),(9) 
 
 Acquisition Date 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Principal ) / Shares 

Cost ) 

Fair Value ) (2),(6) 

Footnotes 

Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments 

Warrants 

Data Processing Outsourced Services 

ShareThis, Inc. 
 
 Series D-3 Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Total Data Processing Outsourced Services - 

Electronic Equipment Instruments 

Intellisite Holdings, Inc. (dba Epic IO Technologies, Inc.) 
 
 Success fee 

(7)(14) 

Total Electronic Equipment Instruments - 

Education Services 

Aspen Group Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

(7) 

Total Education Services - 

Health Care Technology 

Allurion Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Series C Preferred Stock 

(7) 

CareCloud, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

(7) 

Common Stock 

(7) 

CrossRoads Extremity Systems, LLC 
 
 Series C Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Gynesonics, Inc. 
 
 Series G Convertible Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Mingle Healthcare Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Series AA Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Route 92 Medical, Inc. 
 
 Success fee 

(7)(14) 

SetPoint Medical Corporation 
 
 Series B Preferred Stock 

(7) 

VERO Biotech LLC 
 
 Success fee 

(7)(14) 

Total Health Care Technology - 

Human Resource Employment Services 

CloudPay, Inc. 
 
 Series B Preferred Stock 

(3)(7)(13) 

Series D Preferred Stock 

(3)(7)(13) 

Snagajob.com, Inc. 
 
 Series B-1 Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Total Human Resource Employment Services - 

See notes to financial statements. 
 102 
 
 Table of Contents 
 RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP. 
 Schedule of Investments (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Companies 
 
 Investment Description (1),(5),(9) 
 
 Acquisition Date 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Principal ) / Shares 

Cost ) 

Fair Value ) (2),(6) 

Footnotes 

Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments 

Warrants 

Internet Software and Services 

Bombora, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

(7) 

Fidelis Cybersecurity, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

(7)(17) 

INRIX, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

(7) 

Longtail Ad Solutions, Inc. (dba JW Player) 
 
 Common Stock 

(7) 

Total Internet Software and Services - 

Specialized Consumer Services 

AllClear ID, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

(7) 

Credit Sesame, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

(7) 

Total Specialized Consumer Services - 

System Software 

Dejero Labs Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

(3)(7)(11) 

Scale Computing, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

(7) 

Total System Software - 

Technology Hardware, Storage Peripherals 

RealWear, Inc. 
 
 Series A Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Series A Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Series A Preferred Stock 

(7) 

Total Technology Hardware, Storage Peripherals - 

Total Warrants - 

Total Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments - 

Control Investments 

(14) 

Senior Secured Term Loans 

Application Software 

Mojix, Inc. 
 
 LIBOR+ , cash cap, ETP 

(4)(7)(8) 

LIBOR+ , cash cap, ETP 

(4)(7)(8) 

LIBOR+ , cash cap, ETP 

(4)(7)(8) 

LIBOR+ , cash cap, ETP 

(4)(7)(8) 

LIBOR+ , cash cap, ETP 

(4)(7)(8) 

LIBOR+ , cash cap, ETP 

(4)(7)(8) 

Total Application Software - 

See notes to financial statements. 
 103 
 
 Table of Contents 
 RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP. 
 Schedule of Investments (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Portfolio Companies 
 
 Investment Description (1),(5),(9) 
 
 Acquisition Date 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Principal ) / Shares 

Cost ) 

Fair Value ) (2),(6) 

Footnotes 

Control Investments 

Senior Secured Term Loans 

Data Processing Outsourced Services 

Pivot3, Inc. 
 
 LIBOR+ PIK, floor, ETP 

(4)(7) 

Total Data Processing Outsourced Services - 

Total Senior Secured Term Loans - 

Preferred Stocks 

Application Software 

Mojix, Inc. 
 
 Series A-1 

(7) 

Total Application Software - 

Data Processing Outsourced Services 

Pivot3 Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Series 1 

(7) 

Total Data Processing Outsourced Services - 

Total Preferred Stocks - 

Warrants 

Application Software 

Mojix, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

(7) 

Common Stock 

(7) 

Common Stock 

(7) 

Total Application Software - 

Total Control Investments - 

U.S. Treasury 

U.S. Treasury Bill, 0.033 

(9) 

Total U.S. Treasury - 

Total Investments - 

(1) and the U.S. Prime Rate was . 

(2) 

(3) of total investments at fair value as of December 31, 2021 . Qualifying assets must represent at least of total assets at the time of acquisition of any additional non-qualifying assets. If at any time qualifying assets do not represent at least of the Company s total assets, the Company will be precluded from acquiring any additional non-qualifying assets until such time as it complies with the requirements of Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act. 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

(7) 

(8) 

(9) par value purchased pursuant to a reverse repurchase agreement with Goldman Sachs dated December 31, 2021, due to the Company on , with a repurchase price to the Company of , collateralized by a U.S. Treasury Bill due with a par value of and fair value of . 

(10) All investments are domiciled in the United States, unless otherwise noted. 

(11) 

(12) 

(13) 

(14) 

(15) Control investment, as defined under the 1940 Act, in which the Company owns at least of the investment s voting securities or has greater than representation on its board. 

104 
 
 Table of Contents 
 RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP. 
 Schedule of Investments (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (16) 

(17) 

(18) As a result of Brilliant Earth Group Inc.'s (the Public Company) IPO through an Up-C structure, the Company received a share of Class B common stock in Brilliant Earth Group, Inc. for every Class P unit it held in Brilliant Earth, LLC. On a one-to-one basis, both the Class B common stock and the Class P unit can be surrendered for Class A common stock in the Public Company. 

(19) Investment is not a restricted security under the Securities Act. 

Value as a percentage of net assets. 
 See notes to financial statements. 
 105 
 
 Table of Contents 
 RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP. 
 Schedule of Investments (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 The Company classifies its investment portfolio in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act. Control investments are investments in which the Company owns more than 25 of the voting securities or maintains greater than 50 representation on the board. Affiliate investments are investments in which the Company owns between 5 and 25 (inclusive) of the voting securities and does not have rights to maintain greater than 50 representation on the board. The Company's affiliate and control investments as of December 31, 2021, along with the transactions during the year ended December 31, 2021 are as follows: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Fair Value as of 

Gross 

Gross 

Net Realized Gains 

Net change in Unrealized Appreciation 

Fair Value as of 

Portfolio Company (4) 
 
 Investment Description 
 
 December 31, 2020 

Additions (1) 

Reductions (2) 

(Losses) 

(Depreciation) 

December 31, 2021 (3) 

Control Investments 

Senior Secured Term Loans 

Mojix, Inc. 
 
 LIBOR+ PIK, floor, ETP, due (4) 

LIBOR+ PIK, floor, ETP, due (4) 

LIBOR+ PIK, floor, ETP, due (4) 

LIBOR+ PIK, floor, ETP, due (4) 

LIBOR+ PIK, floor, ETP, due (4) 

LIBOR+ PIK, floor, ETP, due (4) 

() 

LIBOR+ PIK, floor, ETP, due (4) 

() 

- 

Pivot3, Inc. 
 
 LIBOR+ PIK, floor, ETP, due 

() 

LIBOR+ PIK, floor, due 

() 

- 

LIBOR+ PIK, floor, ETP, due 

() 

- 

Total Senior Secured Term Loans 

() 

Preferred Stocks 

Mojix, Inc. 
 
 Series A-1 Preferred Stock 

() 

Pivot3 Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Series 1 Preferred Stock 

- 

Total Preferred Stocks 

() 

Warrants 

Mojix, Inc. 
 
 Warrant for Common Stock, exercise price /share, expires 

- 

Warrant for Common Stock, exercise price /share, expires 

- 

Warrant for Common Stock, exercise price /share, expires 

- 

Total Warrants 

- 

Total Control investments 

() 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) of the Company s net assets, are restricted as to resale and were valued at fair value as determined in good faith by the Company s Board of Directors. 

(4) from Pivot3 Holdings, Inc. 

See notes to financial statements. 
 106 
 
 Table of Contents 
 RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP. 
 Schedule of Investments (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands) 
 The following tables show the fair value of our portfolio of investments (excluding any U.S. Treasury Bills held) by geographic region and industry as of December 31, 2021: 

December 31, 2021 

Investments at 

Percentage of 

Geographic Region 
 
 Fair Value 

Net Assets 

Western United States 

Northeastern United States 

South Central United States 

Southeastern United States 

Northwestern United States 

United Kingdom 

Germany 

Midwestern United States 

Canada 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

Investments at 

Percentage of 

Industry 
 
 Fair Value 

Net Assets 

Application Software 

Healthcare Technology 

Internet Retail 

Internet Software Services 

Human Resource Employment Services 

Data Processing Outsourced Services 

Education Services 

Electronic Equipment Instruments 

System Software 

Technology Hardware, Storage Peripherals 

Specialized Consumer Services 

Computer Electronics Retail 

Total 

See notes to financial statements. 
 107 
 
 Table of Contents 
 RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP. 
 Notes to Financial Statements as of December 31, 2022 
 shares of its common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market LLC under the symbol RWAY . 

of the repurchase price in the case of a reverse repurchase agreement of one-day duration and of the repurchase price in the case of all other reverse repurchase agreements. Upon an event of default under the terms of the Master Repurchase Agreement, both parties have the right to set-off. If the seller defaults or enters an insolvency proceeding, realization of the collateral by the Company may be delayed, limited or wholly denied. The Company had outstanding reverse repurchase agreements at December 31, 2022 . Pursuant to a reverse repurchase agreement with Goldman Sachs, which expired on January 6, 2022, the Company purchased a U.S. Treasury Bill, due January 11, 2022. The fair value of the related collateral that the Company received for this agreement was million at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2021 , the repurchase liability was million, which is reflected as Reverse repurchase agreement on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities. 
 , , and , respectively, of the Company's total investment income was attributable to non-cash PIK interest. 
 t written off any accrued and uncollected PIK interest. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had loan to Pivot3, Inc., representing an aggregate principal funded of million at a fair market value of million , on non-accrual status, which represents of the Company s total investment portfolio. The non-accrual loans as of December 31, 2022 had total interest of million that would have been accrued into income. Had the loan not been on non-accrual status, million would be payable, and million would be OID. As of December 31, 2021 , the Company had loans to Mojix, Inc. and loan to Pivot3, Inc., representing an aggregate principal funded of million at a fair market value of million on non-accrual status, which represents of the Company s total investment portfolio. The non-accrual loans as of December 31, 2021 had total interest of million that would have been accrued into income. Had the loans not been on non-accrual status, million would be payable, and million would be OID. As of December 31, 2020 , the Company had loans to Mojix, Inc. representing an aggregate principal funded of million at a fair market value of million on non-accrual status, which represents of the Company s total investment portfolio. The non-accrual status loans as of December 31, 2020 had total interest of million that would have been accrued into income. Had the loan not been on non-accrual status, million would be payable, and million would be OID. 
 ASC Topic 820 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. ASC Topic 820 also provides guidance regarding a fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes information used to measure fair value and the effect of fair value measurements on earnings and provides for enhanced disclosures determined by the level within the hierarchy of information used in the valuation. In accordance with ASC Topic 820, these inputs are summarized in the three levels listed below: Level 1 Valuations are based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that are accessible at the measurement date. 

 Level 2 Valuations are based on quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant inputs are observable. 

 Level 3 Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. Level 3 assets and liabilities include financial instruments whose value is determined using pricing models incorporating significant unobservable inputs, such as discounted cash flow models and other similar valuations techniques. The valuation of Level 3 assets and liabilities generally requires significant management judgment due to the inability to observe inputs to valuation. 

 In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, an investment s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of observable input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the investment. Under ASC Topic 820, the fair value measurement also assumes that the transaction to sell an asset occurs in the principal market for the asset or, in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market for the asset, which may be a hypothetical market, and excludes transaction costs. The principal market for any asset is the market with the greatest volume and level of activity for such asset in which the reporting entity would or could sell or transfer the asset. In determining the principal market for an asset or liability under ASC Topic 820, it is assumed that the reporting entity has access to such market as of the measurement date. Market participants are defined as buyers and sellers in the principal or most advantageous market that are independent, knowledgeable and willing and able to transact. With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, the Company undertakes a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below: The quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company investment being initially valued by RGC s investment professionals that are responsible for the portfolio investment; 

 Preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with RGC s senior investment team; 

 At least once annually, the valuation for each portfolio investment is reviewed by an independent valuation firm. Certain investments, however, may not be evaluated by an independent valuation firm if the net asset value and other aspects of such investments in the aggregate do not exceed certain thresholds; 

 The Audit Committee then reviews these preliminary valuations from RGC and the independent valuation firm, if any, and makes a recommendation to our Board of Directors regarding such valuations; and 

 The Company s Board of Directors reviews the recommended preliminary valuations and determines the fair value of each investment in the Company s portfolio, in good faith, based on the input of RGC, the independent valuation firm and the Audit Committee. 

 The Company s investments are primarily loans made to and equity and warrants of small, fast-growing companies focused in technology, life sciences, health care information and services, business services and other high-growth industries. These investments are considered Level 3 assets under ASC Topic 820 because there is no known or accessible market or market indices for these types of debt and equity instruments and, thus, RGC s senior investment team must estimate the fair value of these investment securities based on models utilizing unobservable inputs. Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act was adopted by the SEC in December 2020 and establishes requirements for determining fair value in good faith for purposes of the 1940 Act. Rule 2a-5 permits boards, subject to board oversight and certain other conditions, to designate certain parties to perform fair value determinations. Rule 2a-5 also defines when market quotations are readily available for purposes of the 1940 Act and the threshold for determining whether a fund must determine the fair value of a security. The SEC also adopted new Rule 31a-4 under the 1940 Act Rule 31a-4 ), which provides the recordkeeping requirements associated with fair value determinations. Finally, the SEC rescinded previously issued guidance on related issues, including the role of the board in determining fair value and the accounting and auditing of fund investments. Rule 2a-5 and Rule 31a-4 became effective on March 8, 2021, and had a compliance date of September 8, 2022. While our board of directors has not elected to designate RGC as the valuation designee, the Company has adopted certain revisions to its valuation policies and procedures in order comply with the applicable requirements of Rule 2a-5 and Rule 31a-4. 
 The risk-free interest rates are derived from the U.S. Treasury yield curve. The risk-free interest rates are calculated based on a weighted average of the risk-free interest rates that correspond closest to the expected remaining life of the warrant. Significant increases (decreases) in this unobservable input could result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value, but a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement of any of the Company s portfolio investments may occur regardless of whether there is a significant increase or decrease in this unobservable input. 

 Other adjustments, including a marketability discount on private company warrants, are estimated based on judgment about the general industry environment. Significant increases (decreases) in this unobservable input could result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value, but a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement of any of the Company s portfolio investments may occur regardless of whether there is a significant increase or decrease in this unobservable input. 

 Historical portfolio experience on cancellations and exercises of warrants are utilized as the basis for determining the estimated life of the warrants in each financial reporting period. Warrants may be exercised in the event of acquisitions, mergers or initial public offerings, and cancelled due to events such as bankruptcies, restructuring activities or additional financings. These events cause the expected remaining life assumption to be shorter than the contractual term of the warrants. Significant increases or decreases in this unobservable input could result in a significantly higher or lower fair value, but a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement of any of the Company s portfolio investments may occur regardless of whether there is a significant increase or decrease in this unobservable input. 

 Under certain circumstances, the Company may use an alternative technique to value warrants that better reflects the warrants fair values, such as an expected settlement of a warrant in the near term, a model that incorporates a put feature associated with the warrant, or the price paid or realized in a recently completed transaction or binding offer received in an arms-length transaction. The fair value may be determined based on the expected proceeds to be received from such settlement or based on the net present value of the expected proceeds from the put option. Equity Investments. The fair value of an equity investment in a privately held company is initially the face value of the amount invested. The Company adjusts the fair value of equity investments in private companies upon the completion of a new third-party round of equity financing subsequent to the Company s investment. The Company may make adjustments to fair value, absent a new equity financing event, based upon positive or negative changes in a portfolio company s financial or operational performance. The Company may also reference comparable transactions and/or secondary market transactions in connection with its determination of fair value. The fair value of an equity investment in a publicly traded company is based upon the closing public share price on the date of measurement. These assets are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. 
 million and the carrying value was approximately million, net of unamortized deferred financing fees of thousand. As of December 31, 2021 , the fair value of the 2026 Notes approximates fair value. 
 of the voting securities of an investee company. Affiliated investments and affiliated companies are defined by a lesser degree of influence and are deemed to exist through the possession outright, or via the right to acquire within 60 days or less, beneficial ownership of or more of the outstanding voting securities of a company. Investments are recognized when the Company assumes an obligation to acquire a financial instrument and assumes the risks for gains or losses related to that instrument. Investments are derecognized when the Company assumes an obligation to sell a financial instrument and foregoes the risks for gains or losses related to that instrument. Specifically, the Company records all security transactions on a trade date basis. Investments in other, non-security financial instruments, such as limited partnerships or private companies, are recorded on the basis of subscription date or redemption date, as applicable. Amounts for investments recognized or derecognized but not yet settled will be reported as receivables for investments sold and payables for investments acquired, respectively, on the Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 excise tax on such income, as required. If we determine that our estimated current year taxable income will exceed our estimated dividend distributions for the current year from such income, we accrue excise tax on estimated excess taxable income as such taxable income is earned. Differences between taxable income and net increase in net assets resulting from operations either can be temporary, meaning they will reverse in the future, or permanent. In accordance with Section 946 205 45 3 of the ASC, permanent tax differences are reclassified from accumulated undistributed earnings to paid-in-capital at the end of each year and have no impact on total net assets. For more information, see Note 7 Income Taxes. 
 potentially dilutive securities outstanding. Per share data is based on the weighted-average shares outstanding. 
 million of which million was distributed in cash and the remainder distributed in shares to stockholders pursuant to the Company s Dividend Reinvestment Plan. For the year ended December 31, 2021 , the Company declared and paid dividends in the amount of million of which million was distributed in cash and the remainder distributed in shares to stockholders pursuant to the Company s Dividend Reinvestment Plan. For the year ended December 31, 2020 , the Company declared and paid dividends in the amount of million of which million was distributed in cash and the remainder distributed in shares to stockholders pursuant to the Company s Dividend Reinvestment Plan. 
 million, provided that the amount of such costs in excess of million would be paid by RGC. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had already incurred the maximum amount of million in organization and offering costs incurred in connection with the Initial Private Offering. Offering costs related to the Second Private Offering were accumulated and charged to additional paid in capital at the time of closing beginning in 2019. These offering costs related to the Second Private Offering were subject to a cap of million, excluding placement agent fees which had no cap, of which the Company will bear the cost. At the completion of the Second Private Offering, the Company had accumulated and recorded million in offering costs and million in placement agent fees related to the Second Private Offering. Under the terms of the Second Private Offering, offering costs in excess of million, excluding placement agent fees, were reimbursed by RGC. Offering costs related to the IPO were accumulated and charged to additional paid in capital at the time of closing in October 2021. The Company had accumulated and recorded million of offering costs related to the Company s IPO. The offering costs were fully born by the Company and included underwriting fees, legal fees, and other costs pertaining to the preparation of the Company s offering materials as well as travel-related expenses. 

115 
 
 Table of Contents 
 million in unfunded loan commitments to provide debt financing to its portfolio companies. 

Brivo, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

CloudPay, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

Dtex Systems, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

EBR Systems, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

Intellisite Holdings, Inc. (dba Epic IO Technologies, Inc.) 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

Interactions Corporation 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

Kin Insurance, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

Madison Reed, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

Moximed, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

Nalu Medical, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

Revelle Aesthetics, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

Route 92 Medical, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

SetPoint Medical Corporation 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

Skillshare, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

Snagajob.com, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

Synack, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

Total unused commitments to extend financing 

At December 31, 2021, the Company had million in unfunded loan commitments to provide debt financing to its portfolio companies. The balance of unfunded commitments to extend financing as of December 31, 2021 was as follows (in thousands): 

Portfolio Company 
 
 Investment Type 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Allurion Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

CloudPay, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

CrossRoads Extremity Systems, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

Dtex Systems, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

Gynesonics, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

INRIX, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

Intellisite Holdings, Inc. (dba Epic IO Technologies, Inc.) 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

Marley Spoon AG 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

Route 92 Medical, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

SetPoint Medical Corporation 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

ShareThis, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

Snagajob.com, Inc. 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

VERO Biotech LLC 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 

Total unused commitments to extend financing 

The Company has evaluated the expected net future cash flows related to unfunded commitments and determined the fair value to be as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The Company is currently not subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to its knowledge, is any material proceeding threatened against the Company. From time to time, the Company may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of its rights under contracts with its portfolio companies. While the outcome of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, the Company does not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon its business, financial condition or results of operations. Other Commitments and Contingencies On February 24, 2022, the Board of Directors approved a repurchase program (the Repurchase Program under which the Company may repurchase up to million of its outstanding common stock. Under the Repurchase Program, purchases may be made at management's discretion from time to time in open-market transactions, in accordance with all applicable securities laws and regulations. As of December 31, 2022, shares of the Company's common stock were repurchased under the Repurchase Program for an aggregate purchase price of million . The Repurchase Program was not renewed by the Board of Directors, and expired on . 

Weighted average shares outstanding for the period 

Basic 

Diluted 

Per Share Data (1) : 

Basic and diluted income (loss) per common share 

Basic 

Diluted 

(1) Per share data is based on average weighted shares outstanding . 

shares of common stock, par value per share. In October 2015, in connection with the Company s formation, the Company issued and sold shares of common stock to R. David Spreng, the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors, for an aggregate purchase price of thousand. The sale of shares of common stock was approved by the unanimous consent of the Company s sole director at initial public of the time. Private Common Stock Offerings On December 1, 2017, the Company completed its initial private offering Initial Private Offering ), in which the Company issued shares of its common stock to stockholders for a total purchase price of million in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and other applicable securities laws. Beginning October 15, 2019 and ending September 29, 2021, the Company had completed multiple closings under its second private offering (the Second Private Offering and had accepted aggregate capital commitments of million. In connection with the Second Private Offering the Company has issued shares of its common stock for a total purchase price of million. Concurrent with the IPO (as defined below), all undrawn commitments under the Second Private Offering were cancelled. On March 31, 2020 and March 24, 2021, the Company had issued in aggregate shares as an additional direct investment by Runway Growth Holdings LLC, an affiliate of RGC, at a per-share price of for total proceeds of million in a private offering pursuant to an exemption from registration under Regulation D of the Securities Act. Initial Public Offering The Company s common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market LLC on October 21, 2021 under the symbol RWAY . The Company closed its initial public offering IPO ), issuing shares of its common stock at a public offering price of per share. Net of underwriting fees and offering costs, the Company received net cash proceeds of million. Distribution Reinvestment Plan The Company maintains a Dividend Reinvestment Plan for our common stockholders. The Company s Dividend Reinvestment Plan is administered by its transfer agent on behalf of the Company s record holders and participating brokerage firms. Brokerage firms and other financial intermediaries may decide not to participate in the Company s Dividend Reinvestment Plan but may provide a similar distribution reinvestment plan for their clients. The share requirements of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan may be satisfied through the issuance of new common shares or through open market purchases of common shares by the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company purchased shares of common stock in the open market for a total of million under the Dividend Reinvestment Plan. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for a total of million under the Dividend Reinvestment Plan. Prior to 2021, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock for a total of million under Dividend Reinvestment Plan. Repurchase Program On February 24, 2022, the Board of Directors approved the Repurchase Program under which the Company may repurchase up to million of its outstanding common stock. Under the Repurchase Program, purchases may be made at management s discretion from time to time in open-market transactions, in accordance with all applicable securities laws and regulations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased shares for an aggregate purchase price of million in connection with its Repurchase Program. The Repurchase Program was not renewed by the Board of Directors, and expired on . Distributions 

diversification requirements and it distributes at least of its net ordinary income and net short-term capital gains in excess of its net long-term capital losses, if any, to its stockholders. So long as the Company obtains and maintains its status as a RIC, it generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on any ordinary income or capital gains that it distributes at least annually to its stockholders as dividends. Rather, any tax liability related to income earned by the Company represents obligations of the Company s investors and will not be reflected in the financial statements of the Company. The Company intends to make sufficient distributions to maintain its RIC status each year and it does not anticipate paying any material United States federal income taxes in the future. Depending on the level of taxable income earned in a tax year, we may choose to carry forward such taxable income in excess of current year dividend distributions from such current year taxable income into the next tax year and pay a excise tax on such income, as required. If we determine that our estimated current year taxable income will exceed our estimated dividend distributions for the current year from such income, we accrue excise tax on estimated excess taxable income as such taxable income is earned. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 , we recorded an expense of thousand, , and thousand, respectively, for U.S. federal excise tax, which is included in tax expense in the statement of operations. Differences between taxable income and net increase in net assets resulting from operations either can be temporary, meaning they will reverse in the future, or permanent. In accordance with Section 946 205 45 3 of the ASC, permanent tax differences are reclassified from accumulated undistributed earnings to paid-in-capital at the end of each year and have no impact on total net assets.) 

() 

Accumulated undistributed earnings 

For U.S. federal income tax purposes, distributions paid to stockholders are reported as ordinary income, return of capital, long term capital gains or a combination thereof. 

Long-term capital gain 

Return of capital 

Change in unrealized appreciation on a tax basis 

Change in unrealized depreciation on a tax basis 

() 

() 

() 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on a tax basis 

() 

Undistributed capital gains 

Capital loss carry forwards 

() 

() 

() 

Late year losses 

Other accumulated losses 

() 

() 

() 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on a tax basis 

() 

Accumulated earnings/(deficit) on a tax basis 

() 

() 

() 

For tax purposes, net realized capital losses may be carried over to offset future capital gains, if any. Funds are permitted to carry forward capital losses for an indefinite period, and such losses will retain their character as either short-term or long-term capital losses. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , the Company utilized capital loss carryforward in the amount of , million, and , respectively, to offset realized capital gains. The Company accounts for income taxes in conformity with ASC Topic 740 Income Taxes ASC 740 ). ASC 740 provides guidelines for how uncertain tax positions should be recognized, measured, presented and disclosed in Consolidated Financial Statements. ASC 740 requires the evaluation of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing the Company s tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are more-likely-than-not of being sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions deemed to meet a more-likely-than-not threshold would be recorded as a tax benefit or expense in the current period. The Company recognizes interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense in the Statements of Operations. There were no material uncertain income tax positions at December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 or December 31, 2020. Although we file federal and state tax returns, our major tax jurisdiction is federal. The previous three year-ends and the interim tax period since then remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. If the Company does not distribute (or is not deemed to have distributed) each calendar year the sum of (1) of its net ordinary income for each calendar year, (2) of its capital gain net income for the one-year period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (3) any income recognized, but not distributed, in preceding years (the Minimum Distribution Amount ), the Company will generally be required to pay a U.S. federal excise tax equal to of the amount by which the Minimum Distribution Amount exceeds the distributions for the year. To the extent that the Company determines that its estimated current year annual taxable income will be in excess of estimated current year dividend distributions from such taxable income, the Company accrues excise taxes, if any, on estimated excess taxable income as taxable income is earned using an annual effective excise tax rate. The annual effective U.S. federal excise tax rate is determined by dividing the estimated annual excise tax by the estimated annual taxable income. If the Company does not qualify to be treated as a RIC for any taxable year, the Company will be taxed as a regular corporation (a C corporation under subchapter C of the Code for such taxable year. If the Company has previously qualified as a RIC but is subsequently unable to qualify for treatment as a RIC, and certain amelioration provisions are not applicable, the Company would be subject to U.S. federal income tax on all of its taxable income (including its net capital gains) at regular corporate rates. The Company would not be able to deduct distributions to stockholders, nor would it be required to make distributions. In order to requalify as a RIC, in addition to the other requirements discussed above, the Company would be required to distribute all of its previously undistributed earnings attributable to the period it failed to qualify as a RIC by the end of the first year that it intends to requalify as a RIC. If the Company fails to requalify as a RIC for a period greater than two taxable years, it may be subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates on any net built-in gains with respect to certain of its assets (i.e., the excess of the aggregate gains, including items of income, over aggregate losses that would have been realized with respect to such assets if the Company had been liquidated) that it elects to recognize on requalification or when recognized over the next five years. 

120 
 
 Table of Contents 
 components a base management fee and an incentive fee. The cost of both the base management fee and incentive fee are ultimately borne by the Company s stockholders. Base Management Fee The base management fee is payable on the first day of each calendar quarter. For purposes of the Advisory Agreement, a Spin-Off transaction includes either a transaction whereby (a) the Company offers its stockholders the option to elect to either (i) retain their ownership of shares of the Company s common stock, or (ii) exchange their shares of the Company s common stock for shares of common stock in a newly formed entity (the Public Fund that will elect to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act and treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code (the Public Fund Spin Off or (b) the Company completes a listing of the Company s securities on any securities exchange (an Exchange Listing ). The base management fee will be an amount equal to annualized) of the Company s average daily Gross Assets (defined below) during the most recently completed calendar quarter for so long as the aggregate amount of Gross Assets of the Company as of the end of the most recently completed calendar quarter is equal or greater than million but less than billion. For purposes of the Advisory Agreement, Gross Assets is defined as the Company s gross assets, including assets purchased with borrowed funds or other forms of leverage, as well as any paid-in-kind interest, as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal quarter. If the aggregate amount of the Company s Gross Assets as of the end of the most recently completed calendar quarter is less than million the base management fee will be an amount equal to annualized) of the Company s average daily Gross Assets during the most recently completed calendar quarter. If the aggregate amount of the Company s Gross Assets as of the end of the most recently completed calendar quarter is equal to or greater than billion, the base management fee will be an amount equal to annualized) of the Company s average daily Gross Assets during the most recently completed calendar quarter. RGC earned base management fees of million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Incentive Fee The incentive fee, which provides RGC with a share of the income that RGC generates for the Company, consists of an investment-income component and a capital-gains component, which are largely independent of each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. Under the investment-income component (the Income Incentive Fee ), the Company pays RGC each quarter an incentive fee with respect to the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income. The Income Incentive Fee is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on the Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income for the immediately preceding fiscal quarter. Payments based on Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income will be based on the Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income earned for the quarter. For this purpose, Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence, managerial and consulting fees or other fees that the Company receives from portfolio companies) that the Company accrues during the fiscal quarter, minus the Company s operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses payable under the amended and restated administration agreement with the Administrator (the Administration Agreement ), and any dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee). Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with pay in kind interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income the Company has not yet received in cash; provided, however, that the portion of the Income Incentive Fee attributable to deferred interest features will be paid, only if and to the extent received in cash, and any accrual thereof will be reversed if and to the extent such interest is reversed in connection with any write off or similar treatment of the investment giving rise to any deferred interest accrual, applied in each case in the order such interest was accrued. Such subsequent payments in respect of previously accrued income will not reduce the amounts payable for any quarter pursuant to the calculation of the Income Incentive Fee described above. Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of the Company s net assets (defined as total assets less liabilities) at the end of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter, will be compared to a hurdle rate of per quarter annualized). The Company pays RGC an Income Incentive Fee with respect to the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income in each calendar quarter as follows: (1) Income Incentive Fee in any calendar quarter in which the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle rate of ; (2) of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than in any calendar quarter annualized) (the portion of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income that exceeds the hurdle but is less than is referred to as the catch-up the catch-up is meant to provide RGC with of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income as if a hurdle did not apply if the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income exceeds in any calendar quarter annualized)); and (3) of the amount of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds in any calendar quarter annualized) payable to RGC (once the hurdle is reached and the catch-up is achieved, of all Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income thereafter is allocated to RGC). Until the consummation of a Spin-Off transaction, in the event that (a) the sum of the Company s cumulative net realized losses since the date of the Company s election to be regulated as a BDC exceeded of the total non-control/non-affiliate investments made by the Company since the date of the Company s election to be regulated as a BDC through the end of the quarter and (b) the Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income adjusted to include any realized capital gains and losses Adjusted Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income ), expressed as an annualized rate of return on the value of the Company s average daily net assets (defined as total assets less liabilities), since the Company s election to be regulated as a BDC through the end of the quarter was less than , no Income Incentive Fee would be payable for such quarter until the first subsequent quarter in which either (x) the sum of the Company s cumulative net realized losses since the date of the Company s election to be regulated as a BDC was equal to or less than of the total non-control/non-affiliate investments made by the Company since the date of the Company s election to be regulated as a BDC through the end of such subsequent quarter or (y) the Adjusted Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income, expressed as an annualized rate of return on the value of the Company s average daily net assets (defined as total assets less liabilities), since the Company s election to be regulated as a BDC through the of the end of the quarter equals or exceeds ; provided, however, that in no event would any Income Incentive Fee be payable for any prior quarter after the three-year anniversary of the end of such quarter. Under the capital gains component of the incentive fee (the Capital Gains Fee ), the Company will pay RGC, as of the end of each calendar year, of the Company s aggregate cumulative realized capital gains, if any, from the date of the Company s election to be regulated as a BDC through the end of that calendar year, computed net of the Company s aggregate cumulative realized capital losses and aggregate cumulative unrealized capital depreciation through the end of such year, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid Capital Gains Fee. For the foregoing purpose, the Company s aggregate cumulative realized capital gains will not include any unrealized appreciation. If such amount is negative, then Capital Gains Fee will be payable for such year. For the year ended December 31, 2022, RGC earned incentive fees of million , million of which was payable in cash, and million were accrued and generated from deferred interest. For the year ended December 31, 2021, RGC earned incentive fees of million , million of which were payable in cash, and million were accrued and generated from deferred interest. For the year ended December 31, 2020, RGC earned incentive fees of million , million of which were payable in cash, and million were accrued and generated from deferred interest. All incentive fees accrued and generated from deferred interest (i.e., PIK and certain discount accretion) are not payable until receipt of respective cash by the Company. As of December 31, 2022, million were payable in cash and million were deferred incentive fees payable, both of which are included in incentive fees payable on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities. As of December 31, 2021, million of incentive fees payable were payable in cash, and million were deferred incentive fees payable, both of which are included in incentive fees payable on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities. The capital gains incentive fee consists of fees related to realized gains, realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation. With respect to the incentive fee expense accrual related to the capital gains incentive fee, U.S. GAAP requires that the capital gains invective fee accrual consider the cumulative aggregate unrealized appreciation in the calculation, as a capital gains incentive fee would be payable if such unrealized appreciation were realized even though such unrealized appreciation is not permitted to be considered in calculating the fee actually payable under the Advisory Agreement. As of each of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , there was capital gains incentive fee accrued, earned or payable to RGC under the Advisory Agreement. Spin-Off Incentive Fee The Income Incentive Fee will be payable in connection with a Public Fund Spin-Off as follows. The Income Incentive Fee will be calculated as of the date of the completion of each Public Fund Spin-Off and will equal the amount of Income Incentive Fee that would be payable to RGC if (1) all of the Company s investments were liquidated for their current value and any unamortized deferred portfolio investment-related fees would be deemed accelerated, (2) the proceeds from such liquidation were used to pay all of the Company s outstanding liabilities, and (3) the remainder were distributed to the Company s stockholders and paid as incentive fee in accordance with the Income Incentive Fee described in clauses (1) and (2) above for determining the amount of the Income Incentive Fee; provided, however, that in no event will the Income Incentive Fee paid in connection with the completion of the Public Fund Spin-Off(x) include the portion of the Income Incentive Fee attributable to deferred interest features of a particular investment that is not transferred pursuant to the Public Fund Spin-Off until such time as the deferred interest is received in cash, or (y) exceed of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income accrued by the Company for the fiscal quarter as of the date of the completion of the Public-Fund Spin-Off. The Company will make the payment of the Income Incentive Fee paid in connection with the completion of the Public Fund Spin-Off in cash on or immediately following the date of the completion of the Public-Fund Spin-Off. After the Public Fund Spin-Off, all calculations relating to the incentive fee payable will be made beginning on the day immediately following the completion of the Public Fund Spin-Off without taking into account the exchanged shares of the Company s common stock (or contributions, distributions or proceeds relating thereto). The Capital Gains Fee will be payable in respect of the exchanged shares of the Company s common stock in connection with the Public Fund Spin-Off and will be calculated as of the date of the completion of the Public Fund Spin-Off as if such date were a calendar year-end for purposes of calculating and paying the Capital Gains Fee. Income Incentive Fee or Capital Gains Fee will be payable in connection with the Public Fund Spin-Off unless, on the date of the completion of the Public Fund Spin-Off, the sum of the Company s (i) Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income and (ii) realized capital gains less realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation from the date of the Company s election to be regulated as a BDC through, and including, the date of the completion of the Public Fund Spin-Off, is greater than of the cumulative net investments made by the Company since the Company s election to be regulated as a BDC. Administration Agreement The Company reimburses the Administrator for the allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including furnishing the Company with office facilities, equipment and clerical, bookkeeping and recordkeeping services at such facilities, as well as providing other administrative services. In addition, the Company reimburses the Administrator for the fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions, and the Company s allocable portion of the compensation of certain of its officers, including the Company s Chief Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and any administrative support staff. The Company reimbursed the Administrator million during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had accrued a net payable to the Administrator of million , which is included in Accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities. Of the total amount reimbursed to the Administrator, million was related to overhead allocation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company reimbursed the Administrator million during the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had accrued a net payable to the Administrator of million . Of the total amount reimbursed to the Administrator, million was related to overhead allocation expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 . The Company reimbursed the Administrator million during the year ended December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2020 , the Company had accrued a net payable to the Administrator of million. Of the total amount reimbursed to the Administrator, million was related to overhead allocation expense for the year ended December 31, 2020. Administration fees, which include fees payable by the Administrator to third-party service providers who provide additional administration services for the Company, were million , million , and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. License Agreement The Company has entered into a license agreement with RGC (the License Agreement pursuant to which RGC has granted the Company a personal, non-exclusive, royalty-free right and license to use the name Runway Growth Finance . Under the License Agreement, the Company has the right to use the Runway Growth Finance name for so long as RGC or one of its affiliates remains the Company s investment adviser. Other than with respect to this limited license, the Company has no legal right to the Runway Growth Finance name. Oaktree Strategic Relationship In connection with the strategic relationship, OCM purchased an aggregate of shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price of million in our Initial Private Offering and our Second Private Offering. As of December 31, 2022 , OCM Growth Holdings, LLC OCM owned shares of our common stock or of our total issued and outstanding shares. OCM has granted a proxy to us pursuant to which the shares held by OCM will be voted in the same proportion as our other stockholders vote their shares. In connection with the OCM Commitment, the Company entered into a stockholder agreement, dated December 15, 2016, with OCM, pursuant to which OCM has a right to nominate a member of the Company s Board of Directors for election for so long as OCM holds shares of the Company s common stock in an amount equal to, in the aggregate, at least one-third of OCM s initial million capital commitment. Brian Laibow, Co-Head of North America Managing Director of Oaktree's Global Opportunities Funds, serves on the Company s Board of Directors as OCM s director nominee and is considered an interested director. OCM also holds a minority interest in RGC and has the right to appoint a member of RGC s board of managers and a member of RGC s investment committee. Brian Laibow is OCM s appointee to RGC s board of managers and investment committee. OCM also purchased additional equity in RGC in connection with its commitment to the Company. 

Preferred Stock 

Senior Secured Term Loans 

Second Lien Term Loans 

Warrants 

Total Portfolio Investments 

Total Investments 

As of December 31, 2021 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Portfolio Investments 

Common Stock 

Preferred Stock 

Senior Secured Term Loans 

Second Lien Term Loans 

Warrants 

Total Portfolio Investments 

U.S. Treasury Bill 

Total Investments 

The Company recognizes transfers into and out of the levels indicated above at the end of the reporting period. During the period ended December 31, 2022 , the Company had common stock investments with restrictions lifted, resulting in an asset transfer out of Level 2 and into Level 1 at the fair value of million. During the periods ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , the Company had warrant investments converted to common stock investments, resulting in asset transfers out of Level 3 and into Level 2 at the fair value of million and million, respectively. 

Amortization of fixed income premiums or accretion of discounts 

Purchases of investments 

PIK interest 

Sales or repayments of investments (1) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Transfers out of Level 3 

() 

() 

Realized gain (loss) 

() 

() 

() 

Change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Fair value at December 31, 2022 

Change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation on Level 3 investments still held as of December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 (1) Net of reorganization and restructuring of investments. 

 The following table presents a rollforward of Level 3 assets measured at fair value as of December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 

Preferred Stock 

Senior Secured Term Loans 

Second Lien Term Loans 

Warrants 

Total 

Fair value at December 31, 2020 

Amortization of fixed income premiums or accretion of discounts 

Purchases of investments 

PIK interest 

Sales or repayments of investments (1) 

() 

() 

() 

Transfers out of Level 3 

() 

() 

Realized gain (loss) 

() 

() 

Change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 

() 

() 

() 

Fair value at December 31, 2021 

Change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on Level 3 investments still held as of December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 (1) Net of reorganization and restructuring of investments . 

Recent private market and merger and acquisition transaction prices 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Preferred Stock 

Recent private market and merger and acquisition transaction prices 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Senior Secured Term Loans (1) 

Discounted Cash Flow analysis 
 
 Discount rate 
 
 - 

Market approach 
 
 Origination yield 
 
 - 

PWERM 
 
 Discount rate 
 
 - 

Second Lien Term Loans (1) 

Discounted Cash Flow analysis 
 
 Discount rate 
 
 - 

Market approach 
 
 Origination yield 
 
 - 

Warrants (2) 

Option pricing model 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 
 - 

Average industry volatility 
 
 - 

Estimated time to exit 
 
 - years) 

Revenue multiples 
 
 x - x x) 

PWERM 
 
 Discount rate 
 
 - 

Revenue multiples 
 
 x - x x) 

Total Level 3 Investments 

The following table provides quantitative information regarding Level 3 fair value measurements as of December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 

Description 
 
 Fair Value 

Valuation Technique 
 
 Unobservable Inputs 
 
 Range (Weighted Average) 

Preferred Stock 

Recent private market and merger and acquisition transaction prices 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Senior Secured Term Loans (1) 

Discounted Cash Flow analysis 
 
 Discount rate 
 
 - 

Market approach 
 
 Origination yield 
 
 - 

PWERM 
 
 Discount rate 
 
 - 

Second Lien Term Loans (1) 

Discounted Cash Flow analysis 
 
 Discount rate 
 
 - 

Warrants (2) 

Option pricing model 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 
 - 

Average industry volatility 
 
 - 

Estimated time to exit 
 
 - yrs) 

Revenue multiples 
 
 x - x x) 

PWERM 
 
 Discount rate 
 
 - 

Revenue multiples 
 
 x - x x) 

Total Level 3 Investments 

(1) The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s debt securities are origination yields and discount rates. The origination yield is defined as the initial market price of an investment in a hypothetical market to hypothetical market participants where buyers and sellers are willing participants. The discount rate is related to company specific characteristics such as underlying investment performance, projected cash flows, and other characteristics of the investment. Significant increases (decreases) in the inputs in isolation may result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement, depending on the materiality of the investment. However, a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement of any of the Company s portfolio investments may occur regardless of whether there is a significant increase or decrease in the unobservable inputs. 

 (2) The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s warrant and equity-related securities are inputs used in the OPM, which include industry volatility, risk free interest rate and estimated time to exit. The Equity Allocation model and the Black Scholes model were the main OPMs used during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 . Probability Weighted Expected Return Models PWERM and other techniques were used as determined appropriate. Significant increases (decreases) in the inputs in isolation would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement, depending on the materiality of the investment. However, a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement of any of the Company s portfolio investments may occur regardless of whether there is a significant increase or decrease in the unobservable inputs. For some investments, additional consideration may be given to data from the last round of financing or merger/acquisition events near the measurement date. 

million and a net change in unrealized depreciation of million from its investments in warrants. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had realized losses of million and a net change in unrealized appreciation of million from its investments in warrants. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company had realized gains of million and a net change in unrealized appreciation of million from its investments in warrants. Realized gains from warrants is included in Realized gain (loss) on non-control/non-affiliate investments, including U.S. Treasury Bills on the Statement of Operations. The net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) from warrants is included in Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on non-control/non-affiliate investments, including U.S. Treasury Bills, except for million, million, and million, respectively for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, which are included in Net change in unrealized appreciation on affiliate investments. Counterparty risk exists from the potential failure of an issuer of warrants to settle its exercised warrants. The maximum risk of loss from counterparty risk is the fair value of the contracts and the purchase price of the warrants. The Company s Board of Directors considers the effects of counterparty risk when determining the fair value of its investments in warrants. 

() 

() 

2026 Notes 

() 

() 

July 2027 Notes 

() 

August 2027 Notes 

() 

December 2027 Notes 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

(1) Net of accumulated amortization. 

2026 Notes 

July 2027 Notes 

August 2027 Notes 

December 2027 Notes 

Total, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Credit Facility 

2026 Notes 

Total, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Credit Facility 

Total, 2020 

(1) Does not include interest expense related to U.S. Treasury Bills. 

Credit Facility On May 31, 2019, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement with KeyBank National Association, acting as administrative agent and syndication agent and the other lenders party thereto, which initially provided the Company with a million commitment, subject to borrowing base requirements (as amended and restated from time to time, the Credit Facility ). As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had million in total commitments available under the Credit Facility, which includes an accordion feature that allows the Company to increase the total commitments under the Credit Facility up to million. The availability period under the Credit Facility expires on April 20, 2025 and is followed by a amortization period. The stated maturity date under the Credit Facility is April 20, 2026, unless extended. Borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest on a per annum basis equal to the Adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus an applicable margin rate that ranges from to per annum depending on the Company's leverage ratio and number of eligible loans in the collateral pool. The Credit Facility provides for a variable advance rate of up to on eligible term loans. The Company also pays unused commitment fees that range from to per annum based on the total unused lender commitment under the Credit Facility. The Credit Facility is collateralized by all eligible investment assets held by the Company. The Credit Facility contains representations and warranties and affirmative and negative covenants customary for secured financings of this type, including certain financial covenants such as a consolidated tangible net worth requirements and a required asset coverage ratio. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , the weighted average outstanding Credit Facility balance was million and million, respectively, and the weighted average effective interest rate was and , respectively. 2026 Notes On December 10, 2021, the Company completed a private debt offering of million in aggregate principal amount of interest-bearing unsecured Series 2021A Senior Notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes to institutional accredited investors (as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). million 2026 Notes closed on December 10, 2021 and the second and final issuance of million closed on February 10, 2022. The 2026 Notes bear an interest rate of per year and are due on December 10, 2026, unless redeemed, purchased or prepaid prior to such date by the Company or its affiliates in accordance with their terms. in arrears on June 10 and December 10 of each year, commencing on June 10, 2022. The interest rate is subject to a increase in the event that, subject to certain exceptions, the 2026 Notes cease to have an investment grade rating or receive an investment grade rating below the Investment Grade (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement). The 2026 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank pari passu with all outstanding and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company. Aggregate offering costs in connection with the 2026 Notes issuance, including the underwriter s discount and commissions, were million, which were capitalized and deferred. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, unamortized deferred debt costs related to the 2026 Notes were million and million , respectively. July 2027 Notes On July 28, 2022, the Company issued and sold million in aggregate principal amount of interest-bearing unsecured Notes due July 2027 (the July 2027 Notes under its shelf Registration Statement on Form N-2. The July 2027 Notes were issued pursuant to the Base Indenture dated July 28, 2022 (the Base Indenture and First Supplemental Indenture, dated July 28, 2022 (together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture ), between the Company and the Trustee, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association. The July 2027 Notes bear an interest rate of per year and are due on July 28, 2027. in arrears on March 1, June 1, September 1, and December 1 of each year, commencing September 1, 2022 . per July 2027 Note plus accrued and unpaid interest payments otherwise payable for the then-current quarterly interest period accrued to the date fixed for redemption . The July 2027 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank pari passu with the Company's existing and future unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness. Aggregate offering costs in connection with the July 2027 Notes issuance, including the underwriter s discount and commissions, were million, which were capitalized and deferred. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, unamortized deferred debt costs related to the July 2027 Notes were million and , respectively. August 2027 Notes On August 31, 2022, the Company issued and sold a private debt offering of million in aggregate principal amount of interest-bearing unsecured Series 2022A Senior Notes due 2027 (the August 2027 Notes to HCM Master Fund Limited. The August 2027 Notes bear an interest rate of per year and are due on August 31, 2027, unless redeemed, purchased or prepaid prior to such date by the Company or its affiliates in accordance with their terms. in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, commencing February 23, 2023 . The August 2027 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank pari passu with all outstanding and future unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company. Aggregate offering costs in connection with the August 2027 Notes issuance, including the underwriter s discount and commissions, were million, which were capitalized and deferred. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, unamortized deferred debt costs related to the August 2027 Notes were million an d , respectively. December 2027 Notes On December 7, 2022, the Company issued and sold million in aggregate principal amount of interest-bearing unsecured Notes due December 2027 (the December 2027 Notes under its shelf Registration Statement on Form N-2. The December 2027 Notes were issued pursuant to the Base Indenture dated July 28, 2022 (the Base Indenture and Second Supplemental Indenture, dated December 7, 2022 (together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture ), between the Company and the Trustee, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association. The December 2027 Notes bear an interest rate of per year and are due on December 28, 2027. in arrears on March 1, June 1, September 1, and December 1 of each year, commencing March 1, 2023. per December 2027 Note plus accrued and unpaid interest payments otherwise payable for the then-current quarterly interest period accrued to the date fixed for redemption. The December 2027 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank pari passu with the Company's existing and future unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness. Aggregate offering costs in connection with the December 2027 Notes issuance, including the underwriter s discount and commissions, we re million, which were capitalized and deferred. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, unamortized deferred debt costs related to the December 2027 Notes were million and , respectively. Senior Securities senior securities were outstanding for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2017 and prior. 

Class and Period 
 
 Total Amount Outstanding Exclusive of Treasury Securities (1) 

Asset Coverage per Unit (2) 

Involuntary Liquidating Preference per Unit (3) 

Average Market Value per Unit (4) 

2027 Notes 

December 31, 2022 

N/A 

December 31, 2021 

N/A 

December 31, 2020 

N/A 

December 31, 2019 

N/A 

December 31, 2018 

N/A 

2026 Notes 

December 31, 2022 

N/A 

December 31, 2021 

N/A 

December 31, 2020 

N/A 

December 31, 2019 

N/A 

December 31, 2018 

N/A 

Credit Facility 

December 31, 2022 

N/A 

December 31, 2021 

N/A 

December 31, 2020 

N/A 

December 31, 2019 

N/A 

December 31, 2018 

N/A 

Credit Facility - CIBC (5) 

December 31, 2022 

N/A 

December 31, 2021 

N/A 

December 31, 2020 

N/A 

December 31, 2019 

N/A 

December 31, 2018 

N/A 

Total 

December 31, 2022 

N/A 

December 31, 2021 

N/A 

December 31, 2020 

N/A 

December 31, 2019 

N/A 

December 31, 2018 

N/A 
 
 (1) Total amount of each class of senior securities outstanding at the end of the period presented . 

 (2) A sset coverage per unit is the ratio of the carrying value of total assets, less all liabilities excluding indebtedness represented by senior securities in this table to the aggregate amount of senior securities representing indebtedness. Asset coverage per unit is express in terms of dollar amounts per 1,000 of indebtedness and is calculated on a consolidated basis. 

 (3) The amount to which such class of senior security would be entitled upon the Company s involuntary liquidation in preference to any security junior to it. The in this column indicates information that the SEC expressly does not require to be disclosed for certain types of senior securities. 

 (4) Not applicable because the senior securities are not registered for public trading. 

 (5) On June 22, 2018, the Company entered into the Credit Facility with CIBC. On May 31, 2019, in conjunction with securing and entering into the new Credit Facility, the Company terminated the Credit Facility with CIBC . 

131 
 
 Table of Contents 

Net investment income (3) 

Realized gain (loss) 

Change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 

Issuance of common shares 

Dividends (1) 

Offering costs 

Accretion (dilution) (4) 

Net asset value at end of period 

Total return based on net asset value (2) 

Weighted average shares outstanding for the period, basic 

Ratio/Supplemental Data: 

Net assets at end of period 

Average net assets (5) 

Ratio of net operating expenses to average net assets (6) 

Ratio of net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to average net assets 

Portfolio turnover rate (7) 

N/A 

(2) 

 (3) , , , , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. Return from investment operations represents returns on net investment income from operations. 

 (4) , , , , , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. 

 (5) , , , , , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. 

 (6) , , , , , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. 

 (7) 

132 
 
 Table of Contents 
 million on the senior secured loan. On January 4, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment (the Credit Agreement Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of April 20, 2022 (the Credit Agreement ), among the Company, as borrower; the financial institutions parties thereto as lenders (the Lenders KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent for the Lenders; CIBC Bank USA, as documentation agent; MUFG Bank, Ltd., as co-documentation agent; and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral custodian and paying agent. The Credit Agreement Amendment amended the Credit Agreement to, among other things, (i) revise the liquidity covenant to incorporate coverage for delayed draw term loans within the Company s pledged loan portfolio and make additional clarifying modifications to the covenant; (ii) add a swingline sub-commitment within the KeyBank commitment to accommodate the potential for delayed fundings of Lender advances; and (iii) change the requirements for future facility amount increases under the accordion provisions of the Credit Agreement. In conjunction with the Credit Agreement Amendment, the Company increased the facility amount under the Credit Agreement by million pursuant to the existing accordion provisions of the Credit Agreement. As part of the increased facility amount, Autobahn Funding Company LLC and Valley National Bank became new Lenders. The amendments to the Credit Agreement were effective as of January 4, 2023, with the exception of the revision to the liquidity covenant, which was effective as of December 31, 2022. On January 31, 2023, the Company funded an investment of million to Intellisite Holdings, Inc. (dba Epic IO Technologies,Inc.). On , the Board of Directors declared an ordinary distribution of per share and a supplemental distribution of per share for stockholders of record on payable on or before . On February 23, 2023, the Company funded an investment of million to Brivo, Inc. 

 133 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a 15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our current disclosure controls and procedures are effective in timely alerting them to material information relating to us that is required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f) of the Exchange Act). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of its Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) and effected by the Company s Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of its financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on its financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 was effective. 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm due to an exemption for emerging growth companies under the JOBS Act. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 134 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Item 9B. Other Information 

(4) 

Incentive Fee payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement 

(5) 

Interest payments on borrowed funds 

(6) 

Other expenses 

(7)(8) 

Total annual expenses 

(8) 

(1) In the event that the securities are sold to or through underwriters, a related prospectus will disclose the applicable sales load (underwriting discount or commission). 

 (2) A related prospectus will disclose the estimated amount of offering expenses, the offering price and the estimated amount of offering expenses borne by the Company as a percentage of the offering price. 

 (3) The expenses of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan are included in other expenses in the table above. For additional information, see Dividend Reinvestment Plan. 

(5) The incentive fee, which provides RGC with a share of the income that RGC generates for us, consists of an Investment Income Fee and a Capital Gains Fee. 

 (6) Interest payments on borrowed funds represents an estimate of our annualized interest expense based on borrowings under the Credit Agreement. The assumed weighted average interest rate on our total debt outstanding was 3.5 . We may borrow additional funds from time to time to make investments to the extent we determine that the economic situation is conducive to doing so. We may also issue debt securities or preferred stock, subject to our compliance with applicable requirements under the 1940 Act. 

 (7) Includes our overhead expenses, such as payments under the Administration Agreement for certain expenses incurred by the Adviser. See Management and Other Agreements - Investment Advisory Agreement; Administration Agreement; License Agreement. We based these expenses on estimated amounts for the current fiscal year. 

 (8) Estimated. 

 Under the Income Incentive Fee, we pay RGC each quarter an incentive fee with respect to our Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income. The Income Incentive Fee is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on the Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income for the immediately preceding fiscal quarter. Payments based on Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income will be based on the Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income earned for the quarter. Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets (defined as total assets less liabilities) at the end of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter, will be compared to a hurdle rate of 2.0 per quarter (8.0 annualized). We will pay RGC an Income Incentive Fee with respect to the our Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income in each calendar quarter as follows: (1) no Income Incentive Fee in any calendar quarter in which our Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle rate of 2.0 ; (2) 80 of our Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 2.667 in any calendar quarter (10.668 annualized) (the portion of our Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income that exceeds the hurdle but is less than 2.667 is referred to as the catch-up the catch-up is meant to provide RGC with 20.0 of our Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income as if a hurdle did not apply if our Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income exceeds 2.667 in any calendar quarter (10.668 annualized)); and (3) 20.0 of the amount of our Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 2.667 in any calendar quarter (10.668 annualized) payable to RGC (once the hurdle is reached and the catch-up is achieved, 20.0 of all Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income thereafter is allocated to RGC). Under the Capital Gains Fee, we will pay RGC, as of the end of each calendar year, 20.0 of our aggregate cumulative realized capital gains, if any, from the date of our election to be regulated as a BDC through the end of that calendar year, computed net of our aggregate cumulative realized capital losses and aggregate cumulative unrealized capital depreciation through the end of such year, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid Capital Gains Fee. See Management and Other Agreements - Compensation of Adviser. 

The foregoing table is to assist you in understanding the various costs and expenses that an investor in our common stock will bear directly or indirectly. While the example assumes, as required by the SEC, a 5 annual return, our performance will vary and may result in a return greater or less than 5 . Because the Income Incentive Fee under the Advisory Agreement is unlikely to be significant assuming a 5 annual return, the example assumes that the 5 annual return will be generated entirely through the realization of capital gains on our assets and, as a result, will trigger the payment of the Capital Gains Fee under the Advisory Agreement. The Income Incentive Fee under the Advisory Agreement, which, assuming a 5 annual return, would either not be payable or have an immaterial impact on the expense amounts shown above, is not included in the example. If we achieve sufficient returns on our investments, including through the realization of capital gains, to trigger an Income Incentive Fee of a material amount, our expenses, and returns to our investors, would be higher. In addition, while the example assumes reinvestment of all dividends and distributions at net asset value, if our Board authorizes and we declare a cash dividend, participants in our Dividend Reinvestment Plan who have not otherwise elected to receive cash will receive a number of shares of our common stockc, determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the dividend payable to a participant by the market price per share of our common stock at the close of trading on the valuation date for the dividend. See Item 1. Business Dividend Reinvestment Plan for additional information regarding our Dividend Reinvestment Plan. 

 This example and the expenses in the table above should not be considered a representation of our future expenses, and actual expenses (including the cost of debt, if any, and other expenses) may be greater or less than those shown. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 None. 
 136 
 
 Table of Contents 
 PART III 
 
 The terms we, us, and our refers to Runway Growth Finance Corp. We will file a definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement) with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year. Accordingly, certain information required by Part III has been omitted under General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K. Only those sections of our 2023 Proxy Statement that specifically address the items set forth herein are incorporated by reference. 
 137 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by Item 10 is incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement. The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal period covered by this Form 10 K pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for our employees and directors, including, specifically, our Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Financial Officer, and our other executive officers. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics satisfies the requirements for a code of ethics within the meaning of SEC rules. A copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on our website at https://investors.runwaygrowth.com/static-files/51fd1f5a-9ffc-402a-bedb-cf35308c0af3. We intend to disclose any changes in, or waivers from, the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by posting such information on the same website or by filing a current report on Form 8 K, in each case to the extent such disclosure is required by rules of the SEC or NASDAQ. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by Item 11 is incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement. The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal period covered by this Form 10 K pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by Item 12 is incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement. The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal period covered by this Form 10 K pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by Item 13 is incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement. The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal period covered by this Form 10 K pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by Item 14 is incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement. The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal period covered by this Form 10 K pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 
 138 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 The following documents are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this annual report on Form 10 K: 
 (a)Financial Statements 
 (1) Financial Statements Refer to Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10 K, which are filed herewith:: 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

84 

Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

85 

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

86 

Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

87 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

88 

Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

89 

Notes to Financial Statements 

108 

139 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement (1) 

3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment (15) 

3.3 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws (15) 

4.1 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (3) 

4.2 
 
 Description of Securities (11) 

4.3 
 
 Indenture, dated July 28, 2022, by and between Runway Growth Finance Corp. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (22) 

4.4 
 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated July 28, 2022, by and between Runway Growth Finance Corp. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (22) 

4.5 
 
 Form of Global Note 7.50 Note Due 2027 (included as part of Exhibit 4.2) (22) 

4.6 
 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated December 7, 2022, by and between Runway Growth Finance Corp. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (23) 

4.7 
 
 Form of Global Note 8.00 Note Due 2027 (included as part of Exhibit 4.1) (23) 

9.1 
 
 Voting Proxy of OCM Growth Holdings, LLC in favor of Runway Growth Credit Fund Inc. (4) 

10.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement between Runway Growth Credit Fund Inc. and Runway Growth Capital LLC, as the investment adviser (5) 

10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Administration Agreement between Runway Growth Credit Fund Inc. and Runway Administrator Services, LLC, as the administrator (14) 

10.3 
 
 Stockholder Agreement between Runway Growth Credit Fund Inc. and OCM Growth Holdings, LLC (1) 

10.4 
 
 Custody Agreement between Runway Growth Credit Fund Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as the custodian (1) 

10.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Dividend Reinvestment Plan (16) 

10.6 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (6) 

10.7 
 
 Trademark License Agreement by and between Runway Growth Capital LLC and the Runway Growth Finance Corp. (19) 

10.8 
 
 Transfer Agent Agreement by and between American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC and the Registrant (8) 

10.9 
 
 Marketing and Consulting Agreement by and between Pickwick Capital Partners, LLC, Runway Growth Capital LLC and the Registrant (9) 

10.10 
 
 Marketing and Consulting Agreement by and between Peak Capital Limited, Runway Growth Capital LLC and the Registrant (9) 

10.11 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2019, by and among the Company, as borrower, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent and syndication agent, CIBC Bank USA, as documentation agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as paying agent, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, and the lenders from time to time party thereto. (10) 

10.12 
 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of November 10, 2020, among the Company, as borrower; the financial institutions party thereto as lenders; KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent and lender; CIBC Bank USA, as documentation agent and lender; and U.S. Bank National Association, as paying agent. (12) 

10.13 
 
 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 2, 2020, among the Company, as borrower; the financial institutions party thereto as lenders; KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent and lender; CIBC Bank USA, as documentation agent and lender; MUFG Union Bank, N.A., as co-documentation agent and lender; and U.S. Bank National Association, as paying agent. (13) 

10.14 
 
 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2021, among the Company, as borrower; the financial institutions party thereto as lenders; KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent and lender; CIBC Bank 

140 
 
 Table of Contents 

USA, as documentation agent and lender; MUFG Union Bank, N.A., as co-documentation agent and lender; and U.S. Bank National Association, as paying agent (17) 

10.15 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2021, among Runway Growth Credit Fund Inc., as borrower; the financial institutions party thereto as lenders; KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent and lender; CIBC Bank USA, as documentation agent and lender; MUFG Union Bank, N.A. as co-documentation agent and lender; and U.S. Bank National Association, as paying agent (14) 

10.16 
 
 Master Note Purchase Agreement, dated December 10, 2021, by and among Runway Growth Finance Corp. and the Purchasers signatory thereto (18) 

10.17 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 19, 2021, among Runway Growth Finance Corp., as borrower; the financial institutions party thereto as lenders; KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent and lender; CIBC Bank USA, as documentation agent and lender; MUFG Union Bank, N.A. as co-documentation agent and lender; and U.S. Bank National Association, as paying agent (20) 

10.18 
 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2022, among Runway Growth Finance Corp., as borrower; the financial institutions party thereto as lenders; KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent and lender; CIBC Bank USA, as documentation agent and lender; MUFG Union Bank, N.A. as co-documentation agent and lender; and U.S. Bank National Association, as paying agent (21) 

10.19 
 
 Second Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 4, 2023, among Runway Growth Finance Corp., as borrower; the financial institutions parties thereto as lenders; and KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent and lender; CIBC Bank USA, as documentation agent; MUFG Union Bank, Ltd (as successor-in-interest to MUFG Union Bank, N.A.), as documentation agent; and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as paying agent (24) 

11.1 
 
 Computation of Per Share Earnings (Included in the notes to the financial statements contained in this report) 

14.1 
 
 Joint Code of Ethics (14) 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries: RWAY IP Holdings LLC - Delaware 

23.1 
 
 Consent of RSM US LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Filed herewith. 
 (1) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8 K filed with the SEC on December 19, 2016. 

(2) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8 K filed with the SEC on June 14, 2017. 

(3) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q filed with the SEC on August 10, 2017. 

(4) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10 K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2017. 

(5) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 28, 2021. 

(6) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000 55544) filed with the SEC on February 12, 2016. 

(7) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q filed with the SEC on November 9, 2017. 

(8) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8 K filed with the SEC on December 28, 2018. 

(9) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10 K filed with the SEC on March 28, 2019. 

(10) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8 K filed with the SEC on June 6, 2019. 

141 
 
 Table of Contents 
 (11) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 20, 2020. 

(12) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 12, 2020. 

(13) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 4, 2020. 

(14) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 5, 2021. 

(15) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 19, 2021. 

(16) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 27, 2021. 

(17) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-259824) filed with the SEC on September 27, 2021. 

(18) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 13, 2021. 

(19) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 23, 2021. 

(20) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2022. 

(21) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 20, 2022. 

(22) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 22, 2022. 

(23) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 7, 2022. 

(24) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 9, 2023. 

142 
 
 Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP. 

Date: March 2, 2023 

By: 

/s/ R. David Spreng 

R. David Spreng 

President, Chief Executive Officer and 

Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date: March 2, 2023 
 By: 

/s/ R. David Spreng 

R. David Spreng 

President, Chief Executive Officer and 

Chairman of the Board of Directors 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 2, 2023 
 By: 

/s/ Thomas B. Raterman 

Thomas B. Raterman 

Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: March 2, 2023 
 By: 

/s/ Gary Kovacs 

Gary Kovacs 

Director 

Date: March 2, 2023 
 By: 

/s/ Brian Laibow 

Brian Laibow 

Director 

Date: March 2, 2023 
 By: 

/s/ Julie Persily 

Julie Persily 

Director 

Date: March 2, 2023 
 By: 

/s/ John F. Engel 

John F. Engel 

Director 

143 

<EX-23>
 2
 rway-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted 
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form N-2 of Runway Growth Finance Corp. of our report dated March 2, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, including the senior securities table, of Runway Growth Finance Corp., appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Runway Growth Finance Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 /s/ RSM US LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 March 2, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 3
 rway-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted 
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, R. David Spreng, as Chief Executive Officer, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Runway Growth Finance Corp.; 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a)	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 
 (d)	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.	The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a)	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date: March 2, 2023 

/s/ R. David Spreng 

R. David Spreng 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Runway Growth Finance Corp. 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 4
 rway-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief FINANCIAL Officer 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted 
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Thomas B. Raterman, as Chief Financial Officer, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Runway Growth Finance Corp.; 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a)	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 
 (d)	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.	The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a)	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date: March 2, 2023 

/s/ Thomas B. Raterman 

Thomas B. Raterman 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Runway Growth Finance Corp. 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 rway-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, R. David Spreng, the Chief Executive Officer, in connection with the Annual Report of Runway Growth Finance Corp. (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1)	the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (2)	the information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date: March 2, 2023 

/s/ R. David Spreng 

R. David Spreng 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Runway Growth Finance Corp. 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 6
 rway-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief FINANCIAL Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Thomas B. Raterman, the Chief Financial Officer, in connection with the Annual Report of Runway Growth Finance Corp. (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (2) the information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date: March 2, 2023 

/s/ Thomas B. Raterman 

Thomas B. Raterman 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Runway Growth Finance Corp. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 rway-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 rway-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 rway-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 rway-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 rway-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

