<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1873324_0001104659-23-037770.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5322320</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>523576</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>931696</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1763235</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>892075</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1115385</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-23-037770.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328170111
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-23-037770
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PepperLime Health Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001873324
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40915
		FILM NUMBER:		23770385

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		548 MARKET STREET
		STREET 2:		PMB 97425
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(415) 263-9939

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		548 MARKET STREET
		STREET 2:		PMB 97425
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-23-037770.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 peplu-20221231x10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive offices including zip code) 

 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of March 21, 2023, there were Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share founder shares ), issued and outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE None. 

Table of Contents 
 PEPPERLIME HEALTH ACQUISITION CORPORATION ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 Table of Contents Page Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 3 PART I Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors 19 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 54 Item 2. Properties 54 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 54 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 54 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 55 Item 6. [Reserved] 56 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 56 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 58 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 58 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 58 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 59 Item 9B. Other Information 60 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 61 Item 11. Executive Compensation 66 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 66 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 68 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 68 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 69 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 70 EXHIBIT INDEX SIGNATURES Index to Financial Statements F-1 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Some of the statements contained in this annual report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report may include, for example, statements about: our expectations about the future; our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; our ability to complete our Business Combination (defined below); the anticipated benefits of our Business Combination (defined below); our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our Business Combination (defined below); our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our Business Combination (defined below); our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete Business Combination (defined below); our pool of prospective target businesses; our ability to consummate a Business Combination (defined below) due to the continued uncertainty resulting from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential Business Combination (defined below) opportunities; the liquidity and trading of our public securities; the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the Trust Account (defined below) balance; the volatility of the market price and liquidity of our shares and our other securities; the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or our financial performance. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this annual report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business. Overview In this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K ), references to the Company and to we, us, and our refer to PepperLime Health Acquisition Corporation. We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on June 29, 2021. We were incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses that we have not yet identified Business Combination ). As of December 31, 2022, we had not yet commenced operations. All activity for the period from June 29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 relates to our formation, the initial public offering (the IPO ), which is described below, and subsequent to the IPO, identifying a target company for a Business Combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination, at the earliest. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the investments held in the Trust Account (as defined below). Our sponsor is PepperOne LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company (the Sponsor ). The registration statement for our IPO was declared effective on October 14, 2021. On October 19, 2021, we consummated our IPO of 15,000,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 150.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 16.9 million, of which 5.3 million was for deferred underwriting commissions. There was 7.986 million of excess of fair value over price paid for Founder Shares sold to certain qualified institutional buyers or institutional accredited investors (the Anchor Investors ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. We granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 2,250,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, to cover over-allotments, if any. On October 29, 2021, we issued an additional 2,000,000 units (the Over-Allotment Units pursuant to the partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in connection with the IPO, generating gross proceeds of 20.0 million (the Over-Allotment ). We incurred additional offering costs of 1.1 million in connection with the Over-Allotment (of which 700,000 was for deferred underwriting fees). Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the private placement Private Placement of 7,500,000 warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of 7.5 million. On October 29, 2021, simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Over-Allotment Units, we consummated the sale of an additional 600,000 Private Placement Warrants at 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant (the Additional Private Placement Warrants ), generating additional gross proceeds of 600,000. Upon the closing of the IPO, the Over-Allotment and the Private Placement, approximately 171.7 million 10.10 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the sale of the Units and the Private Placement Warrants were placed in a trust account Trust Account and will continue to be invested in United States government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account. On January 11, 2023, we held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (the Extraordinary General Meeting ). At the Extraordinary General Meeting, our shareholders approved an amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the date by which we must consummate our Business Combination from April 19, 2023 to October 19, 2023 (the Extension Amendment ). In connection with the approval of the Extension Amendment at the Extraordinary General Meeting, holders of 15,753,079 of our ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem those shares for cash at an approximate price of 10.25 per share, for an aggregate of approximately 161.51 million. Following the payment of the redemptions, the Trust Account had a balance of approximately 12.78 million. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. Our Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time we sign a definitive agreement in connection with the Business Combination. However, we will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will provide our holders of Public Shares (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account, calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination (initially at 10.10 per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. We will proceed with a Business Combination if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 upon such consummation of a Business Combination and a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transactions is required by law, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If we seek shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor and the other holders of the Founder Shares (the Initial Shareholders have agreed to vote their Founder Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the Initial Shareholders agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a partnership, limited partnership, syndicate or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming our shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the Class A ordinary shares sold in the IPO, without our prior consent. The Initial Shareholders agreed not to propose an amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our Public Shares in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete a Business Combination, unless we provide the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in conjunction with any such amendment. We have until October 19, 2023 (originally April 19, 2023) to consummate a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). If we are unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 The Initial Shareholders agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if we fail to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Initial Shareholders acquire Public Shares in or after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if we fail to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event we do not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of our Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be only 10.10 per share initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.10 per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.10 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have vendors, service providers (except our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business, execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete our Business Combination will be successful. Our Strategy We believe the ongoing growth in consumer health and wellness markets industry presents us with a significant opportunity. There are a number of growth drivers, such as regulatory changes that allow for more accessible medical treatments via telehealth, mobile health and other digitized channels, changing population demographics and growth and increased destigmatization of healthcare services around mental and behavioral health needs. We believe that the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic has demonstrated the importance of intentional self-care, which includes physical, emotional and sexual care and have conviction that this trend will persist in a post-COVID-19 world. In particular, we have identified physical health, behavioral and mental health, sexual wellness and women s health and sleep health as areas where digital health and technology-enabled products and services are emerging to provide accessible, affordable, customizable and destigmatized care to a large and growing patient population. With advances in technology, digital therapeutics allow for increased access to care and provide healthcare professionals with the flexibility to scale healthcare services by employing a digital platform. In the case of sexual health, we believe there is a vast opportunity around the growing mainstream understanding that sexual health and wellness is an important part of whole person health and is crucial to relationship satisfaction. While we have long heard about the importance of diet and exercise, the conversation around the positive impact of sexual health is just becoming mainstream. Positive trends toward the destigmatization of sexual diversity, a growing understanding of the nuances of gender and sexual identity and a greater focus on care for women throughout their stages of life has catalyzed an emergence of new consumer-branded and technology-enabled products that serve people across demographics. In addition, there are new use cases, growth and attention paid to legacy brands. The consumer healthcare and wellness industry and the sexual health and sleep related health verticals in particular, are highly fragmented and host a large number of private companies that could benefit from our team s deep industry expertise. We have a proven track record of implementing strategic and financial initiatives to turn around stagnant brands, as well as accelerate growth in already high-growth properties, build out platforms through acquisition, expand to new demographics and geographies and utilize new types of technology and media effectively and innovatively. We may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that is outside the consumer health and wellness markets industry. Industry Overview Given our team s core competencies and experiences, we take a differentiated approach to health and wellness. We believe that the different elements of care are most effective when working in tandem. We see many mutually beneficial interactions between the key pillars of health, which can either complement or reinforce target companies existing business models. As such, we intend to focus on consumer health and wellness broadly, but have isolated four key focus areas that are both essential to human wellness and boast large, 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 fragmented and growing end markets. The verticals are physical health, behavioral and mental health, sexual wellness and women s health and sleep related health. According to a report dated October 15, 2019 by the Global Wellness Institute, the physical activity economy was valued at 828.2 billion in 2018 and will surpass 1.1 trillion by 2023. In addition, according to a report dated July 2021 by Allied Market Research, the global mental health market was valued at 383.1 billion in 2020 and is projected to reach 537.97 billion by 2030. According to a report dated December 2022 by Precedence Research, the telehealth market was valued at 48.3 billion in 2022 and is expected to surpass around 224.8 billion by 2030. According to a report dated July 2022 by Acumen Research and Consulting, the global sexual wellness market was valued at 80.1 billion in 2021 and is expected to reach 121.6 billion by 2030. According to a report dated July 2022 by Precedence Research, the global sleep aids market size was estimated at 74.3 billion in 2021 and is projected to grow to around 124.97 billion by 2030. According to a report dated November 24, 1999 by the Journal of American Medical Association, 47 of women and 38 of men have a sexual complaint in the US, which is illustrative of a large market opportunity. According to a report dated July 22, 2020 by Research and Markets, 57 of the sexual wellness market is comprised of sexual wellness products. The combination of these end markets showcases the grand scale that overall consumer health and wellness operates in. Furthermore, a survey dated August 2020 by McKinsey Company, 79 of respondents believe health and wellness is important and 42 consider it a top priority. Furthermore, the report also found that the categories of health, fitness, mindfulness and sleep comprised 70.8 of consumer spending, demonstrating an expansive market. Physical Health We believe that a healthy lifestyle is key to happiness. This market is by far the biggest in the health category and is rapidly digitizing. According to a report dated October 15, 2019 by the Global Wellness Institute, the Global Web Index found that the fitness/mind-body market, a subset of the 828.2 billion physical activity economy, was worth 595 billion in 2018. The physical activity economy includes the sports and active recreation, fitness and mindful movement core segments along with the supporting markets of equipment and supplies, apparel and footwear and technology. According to a report dated October 19, 2020 by Fortune Business Insights, Fortune Business Insights also predicts the industry is set to grow at a compound annual growth rate CAGR of 25.2 from 2020 2027. Many factors have contributed to the growth of telehealth, including increased traditional healthcare costs, public and private funding for telemedicine, an increase in digital health users and most recently, the COVID-19 pandemic and its associated regulatory shifts. Behavioral and Mental Health According to a report dated July 2021 by Allied Market Research, the global mental health market was valued at 383.1 billion in 2020 and is projected to reach 537.97 billion by 2030, growing at a CAGR of 3.5 from 2021 to 2030. According to a report dated December 2022 by Precedence Research, as of 2020, the global telehealth market size relating to physical and mental health was valued at 48.3 billion in 2022 and is projected to surpass around 224.8 billion in 2030. The destigmatization around mental health support and increasing prevalence of mental disorders including anxiety, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and chronic stress are propelling the market demand. Clinical advancement in therapies, online counseling and behavioral health software are also driving the growth of the behavioral health market. The proliferation of digital products aimed at mental health, particularly during the COVID-19 pandemic, has helped to create a virtuous cycle of destigmatization around mental health issues and has increased demand for accessible products. Sexual Wellness and Women s Health According to a report dated July 2022 by Acumen Research and Consulting, the global sexual wellness market is projected to proceed at a CAGR of 4.8 from 2022 to 2030. The same report also found the global sexual wellness market was valued at 80.1 billion in 2021 and is expected to reach 121.6 billion by 2030. According to a report dated November 24, 1999 by the Journal of American Medical Association, 47 of women and 38 of men have a sexual complaint in the US, which is illustrative of a large market opportunity. According to a report dated July 22, 2020 by Research and Markets, 57 of the sexual wellness market is comprised of sexual wellness products. The combination of these end markets showcases the grand scale that overall consumer health and wellness operates in. Accordingly, we believe there are compelling merger and acquisition opportunities that have been overlooked by mainstream strategic and financial sponsor acquirors. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 According to a report dated April 2022 by Grand View Research, the women s health market was worth 38 billion in 2021 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 4.8 from 2022 to 2030. North America and Europe currently dominate over half of women s health spend, and there s an opportunity for growth in Asia. Sleep Related Health According to the CDC, sleep related health is integral to mental and physical health, with lack of sleep being linked to issues such as chronic disease and depression. According to a report dated July 2022 by Precedence Research, the global market for sleep aids was estimated at 74.3 billion in 2021 and is expected to reach around 124.7 billion by 2030 with a CAGR of 5.95 for the period of 2022 to 2030. The global sleep aids market is segmented into mattresses and pillows, sleep apnea devices, medications, sleep laboratories and home sleep tests. Key Differentiators Our management team, board of directors and advisory team have been involved in highly varied roles as both operators and investors in premier and innovative technology and healthcare brands. We believe that the following characteristics will positively contribute to our ability to identify an attractive target: Extensive operational and leadership experience at multi-billion dollar public and private, top-tier technology and healthcare companies including, experience with mergers and acquisitions, strategic planning, sales, marketing, licensing, research and product planning; Industry experience as engineers, technologists, healthcare professionals and finance and legal professionals; Operational success in brand strategy and positioning, global distribution, digital marketing, operational efficiency, corporate governance, technology development and healthcare brand building and implementation; Experience building valuable digital and non-digital health brands; Highly differentiated understanding, experience and network within the sexual wellness and women s health vertical; Experience leveraging new technologies effectively to enhance a brand s reach and market share; Network of sellers, capital providers and target management teams; Track record effecting turnarounds at valuable but underappreciated assets; Experience executing complex transactions across various market cycles and geographies; Track record of building long-term, productive partnerships with entrepreneurs and identifying, mentoring and recruiting top-tier talent; and We began the process of identifying and reviewing potential combination targets by actively communicating with our global network of founders, business leaders, former clients, entrepreneurs, advisors, consultants, and institutional investors. 
 Business Combination Criteria Consistent with our business strategy, we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses and, when evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review that will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews and inspection of facilities, as applicable, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us. We will use the following and other criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our Business Combination with a target business that does not meet any or all these criteria and guidelines. Our targets include businesses that 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 May be health and wellness platforms including, but not limited to, platforms that are either technology-enabled or are primed for technological innovation; Operate within fragmented markets that have a large number of under-the-radar investment opportunities due to the historically stigmatized nature of various healthcare verticals, such as sexual wellness and women s health and behavioral health; Have the potential to address aspects of consumer health and wellness by leveraging our expertise in a variety of channels, such as retail, digital, and clinical modalities as well as the team s understanding of whole-body health and wellness; Are private companies that are at an inflection point in their growth where our team s combined operational, industry, market and healthcare experience can help take the company to the next level; Are private companies where our team s combined operational and industry expertise can effectively foster a turnaround or strategic reorientation; Are companies with significant potential to act as a platform for attractive bolt-on acquisitions within the health and wellness market in order to build a brand focused on unmet healthcare needs; Have differentiated products and a brand with a natural moat, or the potential to establish a robust and deeper moat with our expert management team; Present opportunities for further expansion, either geographically or through new adjacencies and acquisitions; Maintain sustainable growth with a large and growing total addressable market; Have the potential to dramatically improve their financial performance under our management team s direction, including, potentially, brands that are underperforming due to a misunderstanding of their quality and legacy, but are fundamentally sound, and are properties where our team has experience adding significant value; Offer attractive potential returns for our shareholders; and Can benefit from becoming a public company. 
 These criteria and guidelines are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular Business Combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. Sourcing of Potential Business Combination Targets We believe our management team s significant operating, investment and transaction experience set and differentiated relationships with company management and ownership teams across our target sectors will provide us with a substantial number of potential Business Combination targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships around the world. This network has grown through the activities of our management team operating, sourcing, acquiring, financing and selling businesses, our management team s relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams and the experience of our management team in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. In addition, members of our management team have developed contacts from serving on the boards of directors of several companies. We believe this network will provide our management team with a robust and consistent flow of acquisition opportunities which are proprietary or where a limited group of investors are invited to participate in the sale process. We believe that the network of contacts and relationships of our management team will provide us with important sources of acquisition opportunities. In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds and large business enterprises seeking to divest non-core assets or divisions. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 We are not prohibited from pursuing a Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, directors or officers, or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, directors or officers. In the event we seek to complete a Business Combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, directors or officers, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another valuation or appraisal firm that regularly renders fairness opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to acquire that such a Business Combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. If any of our directors or officers becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such Business Combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such Business Combination opportunity to us. Our directors and officers currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. Our executive offices are located at 548 Market Street, Suite 97425, San Francisco, California 94104 and our telephone number is (415) 263-9939. Mail addressed to us and received at our registered office will be forwarded unopened to the forwarding address supplied by us to be dealt with. None of the Company or our directors, officers, advisors or service providers (including the organization which provides registered office services in the Cayman Islands) will bear any responsibility for any delay howsoever caused with regards to mail reaching the forwarding address. Sources of Target Businesses We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and private investment funds. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or other communications. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read our prospectus and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates of which they become aware through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the track record and business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of a finder s fee is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. We are not prohibited from pursuing a Business Combination with a Business Combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, or from completing the Business Combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete a Business Combination with a Business Combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or a valuation or appraisal firm, that such a Business Combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Selection of a target business and structuring of a Business Combination In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information, which will be made available to us. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the Business Combination transaction. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete a Business Combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our Business Combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another Business Combination. Lack of business diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our Business Combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete Business Combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our Business Combination with only a single entity our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several Business Combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 
 This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our Business Combination. Limited ability to evaluate the target s management team Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our Business Combination with that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our Business Combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our Business Combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our Business Combination. Following our Business Combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Shareholders may not have the ability to approve our Business Combination We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons. Under Nasdaq listing rules, shareholder approval would be required for our Business Combination if, for example: we issue Class A ordinary shares that will either (a) be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of Class A ordinary shares then issued and outstanding or (b) have voting power equal to or in excess of 20 of the voting power then outstanding; any of our directors, officers or substantial security holder (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5 or more; or the issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. 
 The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and legal reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: (i) the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company; (ii) the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote; (iii) the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed Business Combination; (iv) other time and budget constraints of the company; and (v) additional legal complexities of a proposed Business Combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders. The Companies Act and Cayman Islands law do not currently require, and we are not aware of any other applicable law that will require, shareholder approval of our Business Combination. Permitted purchases and other transactions with respect to our securities In the event we seek shareholder approval of our Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our Business Combination. There is no limit on the number of securities such persons may purchase. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our Business Combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material non-public information), our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our Business Combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. Such persons will be subject to restrictions in making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. We have adopted an insider trading policy requires insiders to (1) refrain from purchasing securities during certain blackout periods and when they are in possession of any material non-public information and (2) clear certain trades prior to execution. We cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be dependent upon several factors, including but not limited to, the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances, our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our Business Combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our Business Combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules. The purpose of such transaction could be to (1) vote in favor of the Business Combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of our Business Combination, (2) reduce the number of warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our Business Combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our Business Combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our Business Combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our securities and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and/or any of their respective affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may pursue privately negotiated transactions by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of public shares) following our mailing of tender offer or proxy materials in connection with our Business Combination. To the extent that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates enter into private transactions, they would identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our Business Combination. Such persons would select the shareholders from whom to acquire shares based on the number of shares available, the negotiated price per share and such other factors as any such person may deem relevant at the time of purchase. The price per share paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our Business Combination. Our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Any purchases by our sponsor, directors, officers and/or any of their respective affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will be restricted unless such purchases are made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, directors, officers and/or any of their respective affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of ordinary shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. Redemption rights for public shareholders upon completion of our Business Combination We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our Business Combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. At the completion of our Business Combination, we will be required to purchase any ordinary shares properly delivered for redemption and not withdrawn. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.10 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our Business Combination with respect to our warrants. Our initial shareholders, directors and officers have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and (other than the anchor investors) any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our Business Combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions. Additionally, a net tangible asset may be contained in the agreement relating to our Business Combination. In addition, our proposed Business Combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed Business Combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the Business Combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our Business Combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into following consummation of our IPO, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements. Limitation on redemption upon completion of our Business Combination if we seek shareholder approval Notwithstanding the foregoing redemption rights, if we seek shareholder approval of our Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming our shares with respect to Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed Business Combination as a means to force us or our sponsor or its affiliates to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our IPO could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our sponsor or its affiliates at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our IPO, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our Business Combination, particularly in connection with a Business Combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our Business Combination. Redemption of public shares and liquidation if no Business Combination As a result of the approval of the Extension Amendment Proposal at the Extraordinary General Meeting, we have 24 months, rather than 18 months, from the closing of our IPO to complete our Business Combination. If we have not completed our Business Combination within such 24-month period or during any additional extended time that we have to consummate a Business Combination beyond 24 months as a result of a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (an additional extension period ), we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our Business Combination within the 24-month time period or during any additional extension period. The Initial Shareholders and our directors and officers have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of our IPO or during any extension period. However, if our initial shareholders (or any of our directors, officers or affiliates) acquire public shares, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our Business Combination within the allotted 18-month time period or during any extension period. Our initial shareholders, directors and officers have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of our IPO or during any extension period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-Business Combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions. Additionally, a net tangible asset or minimum cash requirement may be contained in the agreement relating to our Business Combination. We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the 891,154 of proceeds held outside the trust account as at December 31, 2022, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.10. The proceeds deposited in the trust account 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be substantially less than 10.10. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver only if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where we are unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not completed our Business Combination within the required time period, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our Business Combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (1) 10.10 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company and, therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our other officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (1) 10.10 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be substantially less than 10.10 per share. We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have access to up to 891,154 from the proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants as December 31, 2022, with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 If we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable insolvency law, and may be included in our insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any insolvency claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.10 per share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or insolvency laws as a voidable performance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (1) our completion of a Business Combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein; (2) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of our IPO or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-Business Combination activity; and (3) the redemption of our public shares if we have not completed a Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of our IPO or during any extension period, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Competition We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these entities and other investors are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we have and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. Our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, in the event we seek shareholder approval of our Business Combination and we are obligated to pay cash for our Class A ordinary shares, it will potentially reduce the resources available to us for our Business Combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a Business Combination. If we have not completed our Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. Indemnity Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (1) 10.10 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company and, therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations. Employees We currently have four executive officers and do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our Business Combination. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our Business Combination. The amount of time that any such person will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our Business Combination and the current stage of the Business Combination process. Corporate Information We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company will have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies wishing to conduct business outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied for and have received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands Government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations shall apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax shall be payable (1) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (2) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. We are a Cayman Islands exempted company incorporated with limited liability on June 29, 2021. Our executive offices are located at 548 Market Street, Suite 97425, San Francisco, California 94104, and our telephone number is (415) 263-9939. Our corporate website address is www.pepperlimehealth.com. Summary of Risk Factors An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in the section entitled Risk Factors, alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. In that event, the trading prices of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Such risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 We are a recently incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. Past performance by our management team or their affiliates, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Global or regional conditions may adversely affect our business and our ability to consummate our Business Combination. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies remains significant, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our Business Combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate a Business Combination. Our search for a target, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected by the geopolitical uncertainty and macroeconomic environment resulting from the Russia-Ukraine conflict and subsequent sanctions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities. We maintain our cash at financial institutions, often in balances that exceed federally insured limits, and our liquidity could be adversely affected if the financial institutions in which we hold our cash fail. The Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS or other regulatory agencies may modify, delay or prevent our Business Combination. Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed Business Combination, which means we may complete our Business Combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Business Combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. If we seek shareholder approval of our Business Combination, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote in favor of such Business Combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential Business Combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a Business Combination with a target. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable Business Combination or optimize our capital structure. The requirement that we complete our Business Combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a Business Combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential Business Combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our Business Combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. Our search for a Business Combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 outbreak and other events and the status of debt and equity markets. If we seek shareholder approval of our Business Combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may elect to purchase shares or warrants from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed Business Combination and reduce the public float of our securities. If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our Business Combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or Warrants, potentially at a loss. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. You are not entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for Business Combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our Business Combination. If we have not completed our Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. If the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the duration of the completion window, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our Business Combination and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search for a Business Combination, to make permitted withdrawals and to complete our Business Combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our Business Combination. Item 1A. Risk Factors. Investing in our Units, Class A ordinary shares and Warrants involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below and the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K before deciding whether to invest in our Units, Class A ordinary shares and Warrants. The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. As a result, the market price of our Units, Class A ordinary shares and Warrants could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. We are a company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results, and we did not commence operations until obtaining funding through our IPO. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our Business Combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a Business Combination and may be unable to complete our Business Combination. If we fail to complete our Business Combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. Past performance by our management team or their affiliates, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, our management team or their affiliates, is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience of and performance by our management team or their affiliates, is not a guarantee either: (1) that we will be able to successfully identify a suitable candidate for our Business Combination; or (2) of any results with respect to any Business Combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team, or any of their affiliates or managed fund s performance as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. Although we have identified general criteria that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our Business Combination with a target that does not meet such criteria, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our Business Combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria. Although we have identified general criteria for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our Business Combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our Business Combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria. In addition, if we announce a prospective Business Combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our Business Combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria. If we do not complete our Business Combination within the required time period, our 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. Global or regional conditions may adversely affect our business and our ability to consummate our Business Combination. Adverse changes in global or regional economic conditions periodically occur, including recession or slowing growth, changes, or uncertainty in fiscal, monetary or trade policy, higher interest rates, tighter credit, inflation, lower capital expenditures by businesses, increases in unemployment and lower consumer confidence and spending. Adverse changes in economic conditions can harm global business, reduce investment banks participation in the SPAC market which can impact our ability to access advisors and reduce the availability of suitable targets, which in turn could materially affect our ability to negotiate and consummate our Business Combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto, negatively impacting our business. Such adverse changes could result from geopolitical and security issues, such as armed conflict and civil or military unrest (such as Russia s recent invasion of Ukraine), political instability, human rights concerns and terrorist activity, catastrophic events such as natural disasters and public health issues (including the COVID-19 pandemic), supply chain interruptions, new or revised export, import or doing-business regulations, including trade sanctions and tariffs or other global or regional occurrences. For more information on the impact of COVID-19 and the recent invasion of Ukraine, see also our risk factors Our search for a Business Combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 outbreak and other events and the status of debt and equity markets and Our search for a target, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected by the geopolitical uncertainty and macroeconomic environment resulting from the Russia-Ukraine conflict and subsequent sanctions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 filed with the SEC. In particular, tensions between the United States and China have led to increased tariffs and trade restrictions. The United States has imposed economic sanctions on certain Chinese individuals and entities and restrictions on the export of U.S.-regulated products and technology to certain Chinese technology companies. These and other global and regional conditions may adversely impact our business and our ability to consummate our Business Combination. Any of the foregoing factors may have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in the Risk Factors section of Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 filed with the SEC. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies remains significant, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our Business Combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate a Business Combination. In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into Business Combinations, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their Business Combinations, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate a Business Combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into Business Combinations with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close Business Combinations or operate targets post-Business Combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate a Business Combination, and may result in us completing a Business Combination with a less mature or smaller target than we anticipated or may result in our inability to consummate a Business Combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. Our search for a target, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected by the geopolitical uncertainty and macroeconomic environment resulting from the Russia-Ukraine conflict and subsequent sanctions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities. United States and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions that began in February 2022 from the conflict between Russia and Ukraine that have resulted in the deployment of military forces to eastern Europe, sanctions and other restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities. The conflict and the resulting 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict in Ukraine is highly unpredictable, the conflict has and could continue to lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain disruptions. Additionally, Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets. Any of the abovementioned factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the conflict and subsequent sanctions, could adversely affect our search for a Business Combination and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination. The extent and duration of conflict, resulting sanctions and any related market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial, particularly if current or new sanctions continue for an extended period of time or if geopolitical tensions result in expanded military operations on a global scale. Any such disruptions may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, such as those related to the market for our securities or our ability to raise equity or debt financing in connection with any particular Business Combination. We maintain our cash at financial institutions, often in balances that exceed federally insured limits, and our liquidity could be adversely affected if the financial institutions in which we hold our cash fail. We regularly maintain cash balances at third-party financial institutions, including Silicon Valley Bank SVB ), in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance limit. On March 10, 2023, SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which also appointed the FDIC as receiver. On March 12, 2023, the FDIC, U.S. Department of the Treasury, and Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System issued a joint press release stating that all depositors would have access to all of their cash, including cash in excess of the FDIC insurance limit, beginning on March 13, 2023. As of March 13, 2023, we were afforded full access to our cash with SVB. As the FDIC continues to address the situation with SVB and other similarly situated banking institutions, the risk of loss of cash held with a financial institution in excess of insurance limitations has generally increased. If financial institutions in which we hold our cash fail in the future, it could have an adverse effect on our liquidity and ability to pay our expenses and may require us to move our accounts to other banks, which could cause a temporary delay in making payments to third parties. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 The Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS or other regulatory agencies may modify, delay or prevent our Business Combination. CFIUS has authority to review certain direct or indirect foreign investments in U.S. businesses to identify and address any national security concerns posed by the transaction. Certain foreign investments into the United Sates are required to be submitted to CFIUS for review, and failure to file such transactions could result in a substantial fine. For investments that are within CFIUS s review authority but not subject to a mandatory filing requirement or that are not reviewed and cleared based on a voluntary filing, CFIUS has authority to self-initiate a review, even after closing. In the case that CFIUS determines an investment poses a risk to national security, CFIUS has the power to impose conditions on the investment or recommend that the President of the United States prohibit the investment. Whether CFIUS has jurisdiction to review an acquisition or investment transaction depends on, among other factors, the nature and structure of the transaction. Specifically, CFIUS has jurisdiction to review investments that could result in control of a U.S. business by a foreign person, regardless of the nature of the U.S. business. CFIUS also has jurisdiction to review investments that do not result in control of a U.S. business by a foreign person covered investments if they afford certain foreign investors certain information or governance rights in a U.S. business that designs, produces, or tests critical technologies, performs certain functions with respect to critical infrastructure, or collects certain volumes of sensitive personal data (a TID U.S. Business ). We cannot predict whether we may be deemed to be a foreign person under CFIUS s regulations. CFIUS could reach this determination based on any number of factors including the following: Continuing interest by our Sponsor, which has substantial ties to foreign persons and held 15.9 of our ordinary shares as of November 30, 2022 in addition to warrants that, if exercisable would increase its interest, though our organizational documents do not grant investors in the Sponsor special information or governance rights with respect to us; the fact that certain of the members of our Board are non-U.S. persons; the fact that we are incorporated in the Cayman Islands; targets with which we may pursue a Business Combination could have foreign investors who may receive an interest in us as a result of the Business Combination; and because foreign investors may also invest in us in conjunction with a Business Combination. If the transaction is deemed to involve a foreign person acquiring control over a U.S. business or a foreign business with U.S. subsidiaries or offices, the transaction may be subject to CFIUS jurisdiction. Additionally, to the extent that our Sponsor may retain a board seat on our board and we seek to enter into a Business Combination with a TID U.S. Business, then we cannot rule out the possibility that CFIUS may find that the transaction is reviewable as a covered investment. If a particular proposed Business Combination with a U.S. business falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may determine that we are required to make a mandatory filing or that we will submit to CFIUS review on a voluntary basis, or we may determine to proceed with the transaction without submitting to CFIUS, in which case there may be a risk that CFIUS calls-in the transaction before or after closing. CFIUS may decide to take actions that result in a delay of our proposed Business Combination, and it may impose conditions with respect to such Business Combination or request the President of the United States prohibit the transaction or, if already completed without prior CFIUS clearance, order us to divest all or a portion of the U.S. target business. The foregoing may also prevent the Business Combination from occurring within the applicable time period required under our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, even if the Extension Amendment Proposal is approved. These risks may limit the attractiveness of, or delay or prevent us from pursuing, our Business Combination with certain target companies that we believe would otherwise be attractive to us and our shareholders. Consequently, these risks could have the practical effect of limiting the pool of potential targets with which the proposed Business Combination can occur. Numerous other countries also have foreign investment review laws similar in many ways to CFIUS. These laws vary significantly in terms of the triggers for review, substantive considerations, and duration of review. In most cases, the administering authorities, like CFIUS, have the ability to impose conditions on transactions or prohibit the transaction if it poses certain types of risks. To the extent that a target that is the subject of a proposed Business Combination is subject to such a foreign investment review process, we cannot rule out the possibility that the transaction may be subject to review and remediation. Both the U.S. Congress and the Executive Branch have been considering the potential need for establishment of outbound investment controls, principally focused on certain types of potential investments in China. There is no way to be certain whether and when any such review requirements will actually be promulgated, and if they are, their scope and requirements and potential impact on any potential Business Combination. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Moreover, the process of government review, whether by CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy, and we have limited time to complete our Business Combination. If we are unable to consummate our Business Combination within the applicable time period required under our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price redemption price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay its taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such event, our shareholders will miss the opportunity to benefit from an investment in a target company and the appreciation in value of such investment through a Business Combination. Additionally, there will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless in the event of our winding up. Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed Business Combination, which means we may complete our Business Combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote before we complete our Business Combination if the Business Combination would not require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where the consideration we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would typically not be required to seek shareholder approval to complete such a transaction. Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our Business Combination even if holders of a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the Business Combination we complete. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Business Combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. Since our board of directors may complete a Business Combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the Business Combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Business Combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our Business Combination. If we seek shareholder approval of our Business Combination, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote in favor of such Business Combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Unlike some other blank check companies in which the initial shareholders agree to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by the public shareholders in connection with a Business Combination, our initial shareholders, directors and officers have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote their founder shares and (other than the anchor investors) any public shares held by them in favor of our Business Combination. Our initial shareholders own 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Our initial shareholders and management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our Business Combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination, such Business Combination will be approved if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which, for our company, requires the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, including the founder shares. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders (including any anchor investors founder shares, we would need 6,375,000, or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted and the parties to the letter agreement do not acquire any Class A ordinary shares), or 1,062,500, or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted and the parties to the letter agreement do not acquire any Class A ordinary shares), of the 17,000,000 public shares sold in the IPO to be voted in favor of a Business Combination in order to have such Business Combination approved. For the avoidance of doubt, anchor investors are not obligated to vote any public shares in favor of our Business Combination. Our directors and officers have also entered into the letter agreement, imposing similar obligations on them with respect to public shares acquired by them, if any. We expect that our initial shareholders and 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 their permitted transferees will own at least 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares at the time of any such shareholder vote. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our Business Combination, it is more likely that the necessary shareholder approval will be received than would be the case if such persons agreed to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public shareholders. In addition, in the event that our anchor investors purchase all of the Units that they have collectively expressed an interest in purchasing in the IPO and vote their public shares in favor of our Business Combination, no affirmative votes from other public shareholders would be required to approve our Business Combination. However, because our anchor investors are not obligated to continue owning any public shares following the closing of the IPO and are not obligated to vote any public shares in favor of our Business Combination, we cannot assure you that any of these anchor investors will be shareholders at the time our shareholders vote on our Business Combination, and, if they are shareholders, we cannot assure you as to how such anchor investors will vote on any Business Combination. The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential Business Combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a Business Combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a Business Combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the Business Combination. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a Business Combination and such amount of deferred underwriting discount is not available for us to use as consideration in a Business Combination. If we are able to consummate a Business Combination, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming shareholders will reflect our obligation to pay and the payment of the deferred underwriting commissions. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions, or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our Business Combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related Business Combination and may instead search for an alternate Business Combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a Business Combination transaction with us. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable Business Combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our Business Combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights and, therefore, we will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our Business Combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision of the founder shares results in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the founder shares at the time of our Business Combination. In addition, the amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a Business Combination. The per share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable Business Combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. Both the ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares and the reduction in the balance of cash in the trust account as a result of public shareholder redemptions in connection with the approval of the Extension Amendment at the Extraordinary General Meeting could increase the probability that our Business Combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. If our Business Combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our Business Combination would be unsuccessful increases. And, the reduction in the balance of cash in the trust account to approximately 12.78 million as a result of public shareholder redemptions in connection with the approval of the Extension Amendment at the Extraordinary General Meeting could also increase the 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 probability that our Business Combination would be unsuccessful. If our Business Combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. The requirement that we complete our Business Combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a Business Combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential Business Combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our Business Combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a Business Combination will be aware that we must complete our Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a Business Combination, knowing that if we do not complete our Business Combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our Business Combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the end of the 18-month period. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our Business Combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. Our search for a Business Combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 outbreak and other events and the status of debt and equity markets. The COVID-19 outbreak has adversely affected, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) could adversely affect, economies and financial markets worldwide, business operations and the conduct of commerce generally, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a Business Combination could be, or may already have been, materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a Business Combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or limit the ability to conduct due diligence, or if the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. In addition, countries or supranational organizations in our target markets may develop and implement legislation that makes it more difficult or impossible for entities outside such countries or target markets to acquire or otherwise invest in companies or businesses deemed essential or otherwise vital. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a Business Combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. In addition, if any treatment or vaccine for COVID-19 is ineffective or underutilized, any impact on our business may be prolonged. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including as a result of increased market volatility and decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Finally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities and cross-border transactions. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 We may not be able to complete our Business Combination by the extended date, even though the extension amendment proposal was approved by our shareholders, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our Business Combination by the extended date, even though the extension amendment proposal was approved by our shareholders. Our ability to complete our Business Combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. If we have not completed our Business Combination within such time period, unless we seek another extension we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price redemption payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us, if any (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares in issue, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In the event we liquidate the funds held in the trust account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from our assets held outside of the trust account with respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless unless we seek another extension. If we seek shareholder approval of our Business Combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may elect to purchase shares or warrants from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed Business Combination and reduce the public float of our securities. If we seek shareholder approval of our Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our Business Combination. Any such price per share may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our Business Combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our Business Combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material non-public information), our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our Business Combination or not redeem their public shares. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates are under no obligation or duty to do so and they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or warrants in such transactions. Such purchases may include a contractual acknowledgment that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of our Business Combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of our Business Combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our Business Combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of warrants could be to reduce the number of warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our Business Combination. This may result in the completion of our Business Combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. See Business Permitted purchases and other transactions with respect to our securities for a description of how our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates will select which shareholders to enter into private transactions with. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our securities and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our Business Combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our Business Combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our Business Combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. For example, we intend to require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent, or to deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the Business Combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or Warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of a Business Combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of a Business Combination or liquidation if we have not consummated a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of Warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the Warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or Warrants, potentially at a loss. Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our Business Combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our Business Combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. On February 28, 2023, we received a notice (the MVPHS Notice from Nasdaq, stating that our listed securities failed to comply with the 15 million market value of publicly held shares Market Value of Publicly Held Shares requirement for continued listing on the Nasdaq Global Market in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(C) based upon our Market Value of Publicly Held Shares for the 30 consecutive business days prior to the date of the MVPHS Notice. The Notice has no immediate effect on the listing of our securities on Nasdaq and in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(D), we have been provided a period of 180 calendar days from the date of the MVPHS Notice, or until August 28, 2023, in which to regain compliance (the Compliance Period ). There can be no assurance that we will be able to regain compliance with the Market Value of Publicly Held Shares requirement or maintain compliance with the other Nasdaq listing requirements. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 In order to regain compliance, the Market Value of Publicly Held Shares of the Company must close at 15,000,000 or more for a minimum of ten consecutive days during the Compliance Period. We intend to consider our available options to resolve our noncompliance. In the event that we do not regain compliance within the Compliance Period, we may be eligible to transfer to the Nasdaq Capital Market before the expiry of the Compliance Period. To qualify, we would be required to meet the continued listing requirements for the Nasdaq Capital Market. However, if it appears to Nasdaq that we will not be able to cure the deficiency, or if we are not otherwise eligible, Nasdaq will provide us notice that its listed securities will be subject to delisting. In the event of such notification, we may appeal Nasdaq s determination to delist our securities, but there can be no assurance Nasdaq would grant our request for continued listing. Additionally, our Units will not be traded after the completion of our Business Combination and, in connection with our Business Combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the Nasdaq initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the Nasdaq continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, in order for our shares to be listed upon the consummation of our Business Combination, at such time our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, our total market capitalization would be required to be at least 200.0 million, our shareholders equity would generally be required to be at least 5.0 million and we would be required to have at least 300 round lot shareholders. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those listing requirements at that time. If Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; reduced liquidity for our securities; a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock, which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our Units, Class A ordinary shares and Warrants are listed on Nasdaq, our Units, Class A ordinary shares and Warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. You are not entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete a Business Combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the U.S. securities laws. However, because we had net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 following completion of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants and we have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC, including an audited balance sheet of the company demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors are not afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our Units were immediately tradable and we have a longer period of time to complete our Business Combination than do companies subject 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 to Rule 419. Moreover, if the IPO was subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of a Business Combination. If we seek shareholder approval of our Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. If we seek shareholder approval of our Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our Business Combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our Business Combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our Business Combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for Business Combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our Business Combination. If we have not completed our Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. Our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, in the event we seek shareholder approval of our Business Combination and we are obligated to pay cash for our Class A ordinary shares, it will potentially reduce the resources available to us for our Business Combination. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our Business Combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a Business Combination. If we have not completed our Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.10 per share and other risk factors herein. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 If the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the duration of the completion window, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our Business Combination and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search for a Business Combination, to make permitted withdrawals and to complete our Business Combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our Business Combination. Of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, 891,154 is available to us outside the trust account as at December 31, 2022 to fund our working capital requirements. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their respective affiliates is under any obligation to loan funds to, or otherwise invest in, us in such circumstances. Any such loans may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our Business Combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. If we have not completed our Business Combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.10 per share, or less in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.10 per share and other risk factors herein. Subsequent to our completion of our Business Combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs or incur restructuring, impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write down or write off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any shareholder or warrant holder who chooses to remain a shareholder or warrant holder, respectively, following our Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders and warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the Business Combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.10 per public share. Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver only if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential target businesses that we might pursue. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where we are unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not completed our Business Combination within the required time period, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our Business Combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.10 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (1) 10.10 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Our sponsor may not have sufficient funds available to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations, and therefore, no funds are currently set aside to cover any such obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our Business Combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.10 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our Business Combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per public share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our directors or officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (1) 10.10 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. For example, the cost of such legal action may be deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or the independent directors may determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.10 per share. We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our officers and directors. We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed, and any persons who may become officers or directors prior to the Business Combination will agree, to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate a Business Combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs and expenses incurred by our directors and officers and settlement amounts and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 The securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.10 per share. The proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our Business Combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our Business Combination, 100,000 of interest). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.10 per share. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or insolvency laws as a voidable preference or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable insolvency law, and may be included in our liquidation estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any liquidation claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation would be reduced. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our Business Combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: restrictions on the nature of our investments; and restrictions on the issuance of securities; 
 each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our Business Combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: registration as an investment company with the SEC; adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. 
 In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. The proceeds held in the trust account may be invested by the trustee only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. Because the investment of the proceeds will be restricted to these instruments, we believe we will meet the requirements for the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The IPO is not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a Business Combination. If we have not completed our Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our Business Combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements, our Business Combination may be contingent on our ability to comply with certain laws and regulations and any post-Business Combination company may be subject to additional laws and regulations. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our Business Combination, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our Business Combination, and results of operations. For example, on March 30, 2022, the SEC announced the proposal of new rules and amendments concerning special purpose acquisition companies SPACs such as the company that, if adopted, would, among other things: (i) require SPACs to include additional and/or enhanced disclosure about conflicts of interest, compensation paid to sponsors, sources of dilution, and the fairness of proposed Business Combination transactions in certain instances, (ii) prohibit SPACs from taking advantage of the liability safe harbor in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding forward-looking statements in SEC filings and with respect to Business Combination transactions, (iii) deem underwriters in a SPAC s initial public offering to be underwriters in any subsequent de-SPAC transaction when certain conditions are met and (iv) implement new and more onerous requirements regarding the use of financial projections in filings with the SEC, including in connection with SPAC Business Combination transactions. Since the release of the proposed rules, certain investment banks have announced reducing or withdrawing altogether from the SPAC market, which may impact our ability to access advisors, which in turn could materially affect our ability to negotiate and complete our Business Combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto, negatively impacting our business. Our proximity to our liquidation date expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the FASB ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after October 19, 2023. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 If we have not completed our Business Combination within the allotted time period, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such allotted time period before redemption from our trust account. If we have not completed our Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO or during any extension period, we will distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding-up of our affairs, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account shall be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding-up. If we are required to wind-up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding-up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond the allotted time period before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our Business Combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and then only in cases where investors have properly sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we have not completed our Business Combination within the required time period and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior thereto. Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or as having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine of up to approximately 18,300 and to imprisonment for up to five years in the Cayman Islands. Holders of Class A ordinary shares are not entitled to vote on any election of directors we hold prior to our Business Combination. Prior to our Business Combination, only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of our public shares are not entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. In addition, prior to our Business Combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of a Business Combination. The grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders and their respective permitted transferees may make it more difficult to complete our Business Combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. At or after the time of our Business Combination, our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of their founder shares after those shares convert to our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register the resale of such warrants or the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants may demand that we register such Units, shares, warrants or the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants and any other securities of the company acquired by them prior to the consummation of our Business Combination. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our Business Combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Class A ordinary shares that is expected when the ordinary shares owned by our initial shareholders or their permitted transferees, our private placement warrants or warrants issued in connection with working capital loans are registered for resale. Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our Business Combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a Business Combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our Business Combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or development stage entity. Although our directors and officers will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our Units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to our investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a Business Combination target. Accordingly, any shareholder or warrant holder who chooses to remain a shareholder or warrant holder, respectively, following our Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders and warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the Business Combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. In addition, although we expect to focus our search for a target business operating one or more premium consumer-facing brands, we may seek to complete a Business Combination with an operating company of any size (subject to our satisfaction of Nasdaq s requirement that our Business Combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount held in trust)) and in any industry, sector or geographic area. However, we will not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, be permitted to effectuate our Business Combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors that may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. We will consider a Business Combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a Business Combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular Business Combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our Business Combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our Business Combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our Business Combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our Business Combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective Business Combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our Business Combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not completed our Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We are not required to obtain an opinion regarding fairness. Consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our Business Combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from a valuation or appraisal firm that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our Business Combination. We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after the completion of our Business Combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 founder shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000 undesignated preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. As of December 31, 2022, there are 17,000,000 and 4,250,000 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and founder shares, respectively, available for issuance, which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the founder shares. founder shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein. There are no preference shares issued and outstanding. We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares, and may issue preference shares, in order to complete our Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our Business Combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in certain circumstances in connection with our redeeming the warrants or upon conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to or in connection with our Business Combination, we may not issue additional ordinary shares or any other securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive funds from the trust account or (2) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any Business Combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to amend the foregoing provisions. The issuance of additional ordinary shares or preference shares: may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the IPO, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the founder shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the founder shares; 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 may subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our ordinary shares; could cause a change of control if a substantial number of our ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present directors and officers; may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Units, ordinary shares and/or warrants; and may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 
 Unlike some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our initial shareholders will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue certain shares to consummate a Business Combination. The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in the IPO and related to the closing of our Business Combination, the ratio at which the founder shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding founder shares agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as- converted basis, 20 of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by us in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the Business Combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans; provided that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not completed our Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific Business Combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our Business Combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not completed our Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences, including additional taxes on holding and disposing of our securities, potentially being required to recognize gain on a Business Combination in circumstances where U.S. Holders of non-PFIC securities would not, and also may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend upon the status of an acquired company pursuant to a Business Combination and whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular circumstances, the application of the start-up 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year (and if the start-up exception may be applicable, potentially not until after the two taxable years following). Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would likely be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. Holders to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules to holders of our Class A ordinary shares and warrants. Our Business Combination may involve a jurisdiction that could impose taxes on shareholders or warrant holders. We may, subject to requisite shareholder approval by special resolution under the Companies Act, effect a Business Combination with a target company in another jurisdiction, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located, or reincorporate in another jurisdiction. Such transactions may result in tax liability for a shareholder or warrant holder in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident (or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity), in which the target company is located, or in which we reincorporate. In the event of a reincorporation pursuant to our Business Combination, such tax liability may attach prior to any consummation of redemptions. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. After our Business Combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all or substantially all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. It is possible that after our Business Combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all or substantially all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. We are dependent upon our directors and officers and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals including, in particular, our executive officers and directors led by Ramzi Haidamus, Eran Pilovsky, Maurice Op de Beek and Frank Ferrari. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our directors and officers, at least until we have completed our Business Combination. In addition, our directors and officers are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential Business Combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete a Business Combination. In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate a Business Combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-Business Combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-Business Combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. In addition, even after we were to complete a Business Combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the Business Combination. As a result, in order to protect 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 our directors and officers, the post-Business Combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-Business Combination entity and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate a Business Combination on terms favorable to our investors. Our ability to successfully effect our Business Combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our Business Combination. The loss of our or a target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our Business Combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our Business Combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our Business Combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. In addition, the directors and officers of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our Business Combination. The departure of a Business Combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our Business Combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our Business Combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular Business Combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our Business Combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular Business Combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our Business Combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the Business Combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the Business Combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of our Business Combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our Business Combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential Business Combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our Business Combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our Business Combination. We may have limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our Business Combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our Business Combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any shareholder or warrant holder who chooses to remain a shareholder or warrant holder, respectively, following our Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders and warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the Business Combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon the completion of our Business Combination. The loss of a Business Combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The directors and officers of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our Business Combination. The departure of a Business Combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our Business Combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our Business Combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. Our directors and officers will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our Business Combination. Our directors and officers are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a Business Combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our Business Combination. Each of our officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our officers and directors may from time to time have fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities with which they are affiliated. Certain of our independent directors also serve as officers and/or board members for other entities. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs, which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our Business Combination. Certain of our directors and officers are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Following the completion of the IPO and until we consummate our Business Combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our sponsor and directors and officers are, or may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business. Our sponsor and directors and officers are also not prohibited from sponsoring, investing or otherwise becoming involved with, any other blank check companies, including in connection with their Business Combinations, prior to us completing our Business Combination. Our directors and officers also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to other entities prior to its presentation to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis. In addition, our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking a Business Combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing a Business Combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our Business Combination. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Our directors, officers, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or their respective affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. We may engage in a Business Combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, directors or officers which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our sponsor, directors and officers with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, directors and officers. Certain of our directors and officers also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Such entities may compete with us for Business Combination opportunities. Our sponsor, directors and officers are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our Business Combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no preliminary discussions concerning a Business Combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for a Business Combination as set forth in Business Selection of a target business and structuring of our Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement that we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another valuation or appraisal firm that regularly renders fairness opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to acquire, regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a Business Combination with one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, directors or officers, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the Business Combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Since our initial shareholders and anchor investors will lose their entire investment in us if our Business Combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may acquire during or after the IPO), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular Business Combination target is appropriate for our Business Combination. In June 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share, to cover certain of the IPO and formation costs in consideration of 5,750,000 founder shares, par value 0.0001 for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, to our sponsor. Prior to the consummation of the IPO, our sponsor returned to us at no cost an aggregate of 1,437,500 founder shares, which were cancelled. The sponsor agreed to forfeit up to an aggregate of 562,500 founder shares, on a pro rata basis, to the extent that the option to purchase additional Units was not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the founder shares will represent 20 of our issued and outstanding shares after the IPO. In connection with the over-allotment exercise, the remaining unexercised over-allotment option on 250,000 Units was terminated. As such, 62,500 founder shares were forfeited by the sponsor and 500,000 founder shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete a Business Combination. Additionally, four (4) of our anchor investors purchased equity interests in our sponsor representing an indirect beneficial interest in founder shares. As a result of the indirect beneficial interest in founder shares that our anchor investors hold, they may have different interests with respect to a vote on a Business Combination than other public shareholders. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 The founder shares are identical to the ordinary shares included in the Units sold in the IPO except that: (1) prior to our Business Combination, only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason; (2) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions contained in a letter agreement that our initial shareholders, directors and officers have entered into with us; (3) pursuant to such letter agreement, our initial shareholders, directors and officers have agreed to waive: (i) their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and (other than the anchor investors) any public shares held by them, as applicable, in connection with the completion of our Business Combination; (ii) their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and (other than the anchor investors) any public shares held by them in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-Business Combination activity; and (iii) their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to complete our Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO or during any extension period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our Business Combination within the prescribed time frame); (4) the founder shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described in more detail below; and (5) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. If we submit our Business Combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our initial shareholders have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote their founder shares and (other than the anchor investors) any public shares held by them (including public shares purchased in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our Business Combination. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to or waiver of the letter agreement or registration rights agreement prior to our Business Combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to or waivers of such agreements in connection with the consummation of our Business Combination. Any such amendments or waivers would not require approval from our shareholders, may result in the completion of our Business Combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. In addition, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 8,100,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.00 per warrant 8,100,000 in the aggregate) in private placements concurrent with the IPO and subsequent over-allotment exercise. If we do not consummate a Business Combination within the completion window, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The personal and financial interests of our sponsor, directors and officers may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target Business Combination, completing a Business Combination and influencing the operation of the business following the Business Combination. This risk may become more acute as the 18-month deadline following the closing of the IPO nears, which is the deadline for the completion of our Business Combination. We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a Business Combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our Business Combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after a Business Combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 
 We may be able to complete only one Business Combination with the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. The net proceeds from the IPO, the sale of the private placement warrants and the over-allotment exercise provided us with 171.7 million 10.10 per unit) that we may use to complete our Business Combination (which includes 6.0 million of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account, and excludes offering expenses of 655,406). We may effectuate our Business Combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our Business Combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our Business Combination with only a single entity our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several Business Combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 
 This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our Business Combination. We may attempt to simultaneously complete Business Combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our Business Combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other Business Combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our Business Combination. With multiple Business Combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 We may attempt to complete our Business Combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a Business Combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our Business Combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential Business Combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a Business Combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our Business Combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure our Business Combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will complete such Business Combination only if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post Business Combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in our Business Combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new ordinary shares in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding capital shares or other equity securities of a target, or issue a substantial number of new shares to third-parties in connection with financing our Business Combination. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. We may seek Business Combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. We may seek Business Combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the Business Combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. To the extent we complete our Business Combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our Business Combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our Business Combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association do not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions, or any greater net tangible asset or minimum cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our Business Combination. As a result, we may be able to complete our Business Combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our Business Combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all public shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed Business Combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the Business Combination or redeem any shares, and all ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate Business Combination. In order to effectuate a Business Combination, blank check companies have, in the past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our Business Combination that some of our shareholders may not support. In order to effectuate a Business Combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of Business Combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate a Business Combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law. A resolution is deemed to be a special resolution as a matter of Cayman Islands law where it has been approved by either (1) holders of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s ordinary shares present at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given or (2) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be approved either by holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law) (other than amendments relating to provisions governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our Business Combination, which require the approval of the holders of at least 90 of our ordinary shares attending and voting in a general meeting), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. The warrant agreement provides that (a) the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correcting any mistake or defective provision or (ii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants under the warrant agreement and (b) all other modifications or amendments require the vote or written consent of at least 65 of the then outstanding warrants; provided that any amendment that solely affects the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement solely with respect to the private placement warrants will also require at least 65 of the then outstanding private placement warrants. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments, including the warrant agreement, or extend the time to consummate a Business Combination in order to effectuate our Business Combination. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered in the registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on October 12, 2021, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-Business Combination activity may be amended with the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting (or 65 of our ordinary shares with respect to amendments to the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account), which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of a Business Combination that some of our shareholders may not support. Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s pre-Business Combination activity, without approval by holders of a certain percentage of the company s shares. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by holders holding between 90 and 100 of the company s public shares. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions, including those related to pre-Business Combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the IPO and the sale of private placement warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances), may be amended if approved by holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our ordinary shares (other than amendments relating to provisions governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our Business Combination, which require the approval of the holders of at least 90 of our ordinary shares attending and voting in a general meeting). Our initial shareholders, who collectively beneficially own 20 of our ordinary shares, may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-Business Combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete our Business Combination with which you do not agree. In certain circumstances, our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our initial shareholders, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-Business Combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our initial shareholders for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our Business Combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular Business Combination. Although we believe that the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our Business Combination, because we have not yet selected any target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our Business Combination, the balance of cash in the trust account, which, as a result of public shareholder redemptions in connection with the approval of the Extension Amendment at the Extraordinary General Meeting, has been reduced to approximately 12.78 million, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our Business Combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our Business Combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed Business Combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our Business Combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular Business Combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our Business Combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our directors, officers or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our Business Combination. If we have not completed our Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. Our sponsor controls a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Our initial shareholders own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our sponsor purchases any additional Class A ordinary shares in the market or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase its control. Neither our sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the members of our board of directors have been appointed by our sponsor as only holders of founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the completion of our Business Combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the Business Combination. Accordingly, our sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our Business Combination. We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of warrants with the approval of the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants have been issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that (a) the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correcting any mistake or defective provision or (ii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants under the warrant agreement and (b) all other modifications or amendments require the vote or written consent of at least 65 of the then outstanding warrants; provided that any amendment that solely affects the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement solely with respect to the private placement warrants will also require at least 65 of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the warrants with the consent of at least 65 of the then outstanding warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. With respect to any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, we note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, including by increasing the cost of such lawsuits to the warrant holder, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem the outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant if, among other things, the Reference Value equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant). If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants as described above could force you to: (1) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so; (2) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants; or (3) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor, or its permitted transferees. In addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant if, among other things, the Reference Value equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant). In such a case, the holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Our warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our Business Combination. We issued warrants to purchase 17,000,000 Class A ordinary shares as part of the Units offered in the IPO and the subsequent over-allotment exercise, and we issued in a concurrent private placement with the IPO an aggregate of 7,500,000 private placement warrants and an additional 600,000 private placement warrants in the subsequent over-allotment exercise, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein, at 1.00 per warrant. Our initial shareholders currently hold 4,250,000 founder shares.The founder shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as set forth herein. In addition, if our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our directors and officers make any working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. To the extent we issue Class A ordinary shares to effectuate a Business Combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants or conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the Business Combination. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares may make it more difficult to effectuate a Business Combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. The private placement warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the Units in the IPO except that, so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees: (1) they will not be redeemable by us except in certain circumstances; (2) they (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our Business Combination; (3) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis; and (4) they (including the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) are entitled to registration rights. Because each unit contains one-half of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the Units may be worth less than Units of other blank check companies. Each unit contains one-half of one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units, and only whole warrants will trade. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose Units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant to purchase one share. We have established the components of the Units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a Business Combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares compared to Units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive Business Combination partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our Units to be worth less than if they included a warrant to purchase one whole share. A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate a Business Combination. Unlike some blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our Business Combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our Business Combination on the date of the completion of our Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, 
 then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate a Business Combination with a target business. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous Business Combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a Business Combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of any second quarter of a fiscal year, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the end of such fiscal year. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our ordinary held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. Federal courts may be limited. We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (1) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (2) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. Since only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors up until our Business Combination, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. Only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of Nasdaq; we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and we have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 
 We intend to utilize these exemptions. Accordingly, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our Business Combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such Business Combination, and if we effect such Business Combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our Business Combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border Business Combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our Business Combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. If we effect our Business Combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; laws governing the manner in which future Business Combinations may be effected; exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; tariffs and trade barriers; 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 regulations related to customs and import/export matters; local or regional economic policies and market conditions; unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; longer payment cycles; tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; currency fluctuations and exchange controls; rates of inflation; challenges in collecting accounts receivable; cultural and language differences; employment regulations; underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; corruption; protection of intellectual property; social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; regime changes and political upheaval; terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; and deterioration of political relations with the United States. 
 We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such Business Combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. After our Business Combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in any such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our Business Combination and if we effect our Business Combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following the consummation of our Business Combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our Business Combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our Business Combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. In connection with our Business Combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. We are subject to changing laws and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure, which have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. We are subject to laws and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which is charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a Business Combination target. Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. Properties. We currently maintain our principal executive office at 548 Market Street, Suite 94104, San Francisco, California 94104. We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information Our Units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq under the symbols PEPLU, PEPL and PEPLW, respectively. Holders of the 17,000,000 Units sold in the IPO and subsequent over-allotment exercise may elect to separately trade our Class A ordinary shares and our warrants included in the Units. Holders As of March 21, 2023, there was one holder of record of our Units, one holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares, 41 holders of record of our Class B ordinary shares and two holders of record of our warrants. Because many of our securities are held by brokers and other institutions in street name on behalf of holders for whose benefit such securities are held, without obtaining a current list of nonobjecting beneficial owners, we are unable to estimate the total current number of beneficial owners represented by these record holders. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities In June 2021, we issued an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share, to our sponsor. Prior to the consummation of the IPO, our sponsor returned to us at no cost an aggregate of 1,437,500 founder shares, which were cancelled. The sponsor agreed to forfeit up to an aggregate of 562,500 founder shares, on a pro rata basis, to the extent that the option to purchase additional Units is not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the founder shares will represent 20 of our issued and outstanding shares after the IPO. In connection with the over-allotment exercise, the remaining unexercised over-allotment option on 250,000 Units was terminated. As such, 62,500 founder shares were forfeited by the sponsor and 500,000 founder shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. As of December 31, 2022, there is an aggregate of 4,250,000 founder shares outstanding. On October 19, 2021, we consummated the IPO of 15,000,000 Units, at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 150,000,000 and incurring offering costs of approximately 16,900,000, of which 5,300,000 was for deferred underwriting commissions), and approximately 7,987,000 was the excess of fair value over price paid for the founder shares sold to the anchor investors. Oppenheimer Co. Inc. acted as sole book-running manager in the IPO. The securities sold in the IPO were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-259861) which was declared effective by the SEC on October 14, 2021. Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO, we consummated the sale of 7,500,000 private placement warrants, at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrant, in a private placement to our sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 7,500,000. The private placement warrants were sold to the sponsor and its designees. On October 29, 2021, pursuant to the over-allotment option exercise, the underwriter purchased an additional 2,000,000 Units generating net proceeds to us of approximately 20,000,000 in the aggregate, and incurring an additional offering costs of 1,100,000 in connection with the over-allotment exercise (of which 700,000 was for deferred underwriting fees). Substantially concurrently with the over-allotment exercise, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 600,000 additional private placement warrants to our sponsor at a purchase price of 1.00 per private placement warrant, generating gross proceeds to us of 600,000. Following the IPO, sale of private placement warrants and the over-allotment exercise, an aggregate amount of 171.7 million 10.10 per unit) has been placed in our trust account established in connection with the IPO. Transaction costs amounted to 17,992,203 consisting of 3,400,000 of underwriting fees paid, 5,950,000 of underwriting fees deferred, 7,986,797 for the fair value of founder shares issued to the anchor investors and 655,406 of other offering costs. In addition, 891,154 of cash is held outside of the trust account as at December 31, 2022 and is available for working capital purposes. On January 11, 2023, we held an Extraordinary General Meeting. At the Extraordinary General Meeting, our shareholders approved an amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the date by which we must consummate our Business Combination from April 19, 2023 to October 19, 2023. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 In connection with the approval of the Extension Amendment at the Extraordinary General Meeting, holders of 15,753,079 of our ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem those shares for cash at an approximate price of 10.25 per share, for an aggregate of approximately 161.51 million. Following the payment of the redemptions, the Trust Account had a balance of approximately 12.78 million. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and excluding deferred underwriting commissions) to complete our Business Combination. We may withdraw interest to pay taxes, if any. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the trust account. We expect the interest earned on the amount in the trust account will be sufficient to pay our taxes. We expect the only taxes payable by us out of the funds in the trust account will be income and franchise taxes, if any. To the extent that our ordinary shares or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. Item 6. [Reserved] Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overview We were incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on June 29, 2021. We were incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar Business Combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). We have not selected any specific Business Combination target. On October 19, 2021, we consummated the IPO of 15,000,000 Units, at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 150,000,000 and incurring offering costs of approximately 16,900,000, (of which 5,300,000 was for deferred underwriting commissions), and approximately 7,987,000 was the excess of fair value over price paid for Founder Shares sold to the Anchor Investors. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the sale of 7,500,000 Private Placement Warrants, at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, in a Private Placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 7,500,000. On October 29, 2021, the underwriters purchased an additional 2,000,000 Units, generating net proceeds to us of approximately 20,000,000 in the aggregate, and incurring an additional offering costs of 1,100,000 in connection with the over-allotment (of which 700,000 was for deferred underwriting fees) and substantially concurrently with the closing of the partial exercise of the over-allotment option relating to the IPO, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 600,000 additional Private Placement Warrants to our Sponsor at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to us of 600,000. Upon the closing of the IPO, the over-allotment and the Private Placement, approximately 171.7 million 10.10 per unit) of the net proceeds of the sale of the Units and the Private Placement Warrants were placed in the Trust Account and will continue to be invested in United States government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete our Business Combination will be successful. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from June 29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the IPO and identifying a target company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on investments held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 1,087,752, which consists of interest income on investments held in the Trust Account of 2,441,119, offset by general and administrative expenses of 1,353,367. For the period from June 29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 463,081, which consists of general and administrative expenses of 464,987, offset by interest income on investments held in the Trust Account of 1,906. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022, we had 891,154 in cash and working capital of 551,240. Our liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the IPO were satisfied through the payment of 25,000 from the Sponsor issuance of Founder Shares, and loan proceeds from the Sponsor of 200,000 under the Note. The Note balance was settled in connection with the sale of the additional Private Placement Warrants. Subsequent to the consummation of the IPO, our liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the IPO and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1.5 million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. There are no outstanding balances on the Working Capital Loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Based on the foregoing, our management believes that we will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet its needs through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or through liquidation date. Over this time period, we will be using the funds held outside of the Trust Account for paying existing accounts payable and accrued expenses, identifying and evaluating prospective Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU )2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, our management has determined that if we are unable to complete a Business Combination by October 19, 2023, then we will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our managements plans to consummate a Business Combination prior to the mandatory liquidation date. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after October 19, 2023. Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per unit, or approximately 6.0 million in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption We account for our ordinary shares subject to possible conversion in accordance with the guidance in FASB ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument and measured at redemption value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders deficit. Our Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of our balance sheets. Immediately upon the closing of the IPO, we recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable Class A ordinary shares resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. Net Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share Net income (loss) per ordinary share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. Accretion associated with the redeemable ordinary shares is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. Recent Accounting Standards In August 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. The ASU also removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity-linked contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception, and it simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. We adopted ASU 2020-06 on June 29, 2021 (inception) using a modified retrospective method for transition. Adoption of the ASU did not impact our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Not required for smaller reporting companies. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 1. pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 2. provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 3. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our IPO. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). Item 9B. Other Information. None. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Directors and Executive Officers Our current directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name Age Position Ramzi Haidamus 58 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Director Eran Pilovsky 62 Chief Financial Officer Frank Ferrari 58 President and Director Michelle Fang 47 Director Britney Blair 46 Director Maurice Op de Beek 49 Executive Vice President Ross Morgan 56 Director Mr. Ramzi Haidamus has been our Chairman of the board of directors and Chief Executive Officer since our inception in June 2021. Mr. Haidamus has significant experience leading, advising and effecting turnaround plans at both public and private technology companies. From January 2019 through November 2020, Mr. Haidamus served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Immersion Corporation (NASDAQ: IMMR) where he was brought in to turn the company around, create new strategic goals and reach profitability. Prior to Immersion, Mr. Haidamus was President of Nokia Technologies Nokia ), a 1.3 billion organization, from September 2014 to October 2016. He joined Nokia shortly after the divestiture of the mobile business to Microsoft Corporation and worked diligently to raise morale and redefine a new purpose for the consumer-oriented company. While at Nokia, Mr. Haidamus restructured Nokia by creating new divisions and accelerating growth in the existing patent licensing division. Specifically, Mr. Haidamus created the digital media division (which provided the movie industry with professional quality Virtual Reality OZO cameras) and the digital health division (in which Mr. Haidamus created a world-class research center for consumer wearables and patient monitoring). This resulted in the acquisition of Withings S.A. in 2016 for 200 million and led Nokia back to the consumer product business. He partnered with Nokia affiliates Nokia Networks and HERE division to acquire and integrate Alcatel-Lucent in 2015. Prior to Nokia, Mr. Haidamus spent 17 years at Dolby Laboratories Dolby ). Mr. Haidamus joined Dolby when it was a private company. While at Dolby, Mr. Haidamus played a key role, alongside its Chief Executive Officer, in restructuring the company into business groups supported by functional units. He oversaw global sales and marketing. Mr. Haidamus was also responsible for managing Dolby s licensing business and was a key player in launching DVD format technology at Dolby. Mr. Haidamus has a B.S, in Electrical Engineering and an MSEE from the University of the Pacific, both with honors. Mr. Eran Pilovsky has been our Chief Financial Officer since our inception in June 2021. Mr. Pilovsky has served as the Chief Financial Officer of private and public technology companies since 2000. Mr. Pilovsky started his career with Ernst Young LLP in September 1985 and was an Audit Partner in the technology practice of Ernst Young in Palo Alto, California and San Francisco, California until January 2000. Mr. Pilovsky has significant financial management experience and a wide range of financial transaction expertise, including an IPO, follow-on public offerings, mergers and acquisitions, and private financing transactions. Mr. Pilovsky was the Chief Financial Officer of Tenor, Inc. (from October 2017 to July 2018) and Xnor.AI (from November 2017 to June 2020) prior to their respective sales to Google and Apple and following which he was a member of the mergers and acquisitions integration teams at both Google and Apple. Mr. Pilovsky also has Chief Financial Officer experience with public companies and served as Chief Financial Officer at several early-stage technology companies including most recently Splice Machine Inc. (October 2012 to July 2021). Mr. Pilovsky received his B.S. in Business Administration with a Cum Laude distinction from the University of San Francisco. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Mr. Frank Ferrari has been a member of our board of directors since our inception in June 2021. Mr. Ferrari is a seasoned senior executive whose career has focused on the transformative leadership of sexual health and wellness companies. Most recently from May 2018 to June 2020, he was the President of Americas for WOW Tech Group, an innovative company focused on sexual health and wellness. After serving as a member of the board of directors of Standard Innovation Corporation from November 2008 to June 2020, Mr. Ferrari took on the role of President of Standard Innovation Corp SIC from November 2014 until June 2020, where he led a turnaround by transitioning the business development model to focus on higher-margin channels and added a number of new products and software services to make the product portfolio appealing to additional demographics and potential investors. After helping SIC return to growth, Mr. Ferrari was part of a team at SIC that negotiated a merger with a European competitor. Mr. Ferrari has also held senior leadership positions at Keystream, an IT consulting company, from April 1998 to March 2014, as well as Obotics, a consumer health and wellness technology startup, from January 2013 to May 2016. Mr. Ferrari has a Bachelor of Commerce from Carleton University. Ms. Michelle Fang has been a member of our board of directors since our inception in June 2021. Ms. Fang is currently the Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary of Turo Inc. Turo ), the world s leading peer-to-peer car sharing marketplace. Ms. Fang has worked at Turo since June 2015. While leading the global legal and government relations functions at Turo, Ms. Fang has been involved in a number of large-scale strategic initiatives such as pioneering expansion into Canada and the U.K., international mergers and acquisitions and scaling the legal and government relations function to a 24-person team, up from one. As part of her responsibilities for Turo s legal portfolio, Ms. Fang oversees corporate governance, product and advertising review, privacy, regulatory compliance, commercial transactions, intellectual property, litigation and the legal aspects of fundraising. Prior to Turo, Ms. Fang held a number of legal leadership positions at eBay Inc. from 2006 to 2015, including General Counsel and Corporate Secretary at Stub Hub, Global Head of Intellectual Property, eBay Inc., and Head of North America Litigation, eBay Inc. Ms. Fang has been recognized as a Top 50 Most Powerful Women in Technology by National Diversity Council (2019), General Counsel of the Year by Association of Corporate Counsel (2019), Attorney of the Year Finalist by American Lawyer Industry Awards (1 of 3 finalists, 2019 , and General Counsel of the Year by Corporate Counsel: Women, Influence, Power Awards (2019). Ms. Fang has a J.D. from the University of California, Berkeley Law School and a B.A. in Communications from University of California at Los Angeles, graduating Summa Cum Laude and as a member of the Phi Beta Kappa society. Dr. Britney Blair has been a member of our board of directors since September 2021. Dr. Blair is the founder and Chief Science Officer of the digital sexual health start-up, Lover, and is also the founder of The Clinic, an independent sexual wellness clinic in the California Bay Area. Dr. Blair is a licensed clinical psychologist and a board certified behavioral sleep medicine specialist in the San Francisco Bay Area. Dr. Blair is also board certified in sexual medicine and provides sex therapy services to individuals and couples. With locations across the state of California, The Clinic is led by Dr. Blair. Dr. Blair has extensive clinical and research expertise in behavioral medicine with specializations in sleep and sexual health. She has made numerous presentations, developed and led workshops, written book chapters and published articles in the area of sleep and sexual medicine. She is a Stanford consultant and is on the adjunct faculty at The Stanford Center for Sleep Sciences and Medicine. Dr. Blair founded Lover as a way to use digital channels, such as telehealth, to provide accessible sexual wellness resources and community building to a greater number of people. Dr. Blair completed her postdoctoral fellowship at Stanford University Medical School and her predoctoral internship at the VA Greater Los Angeles Healthcare System. Dr. Blair received her doctoral degree in Clinical Psychology from the PGSP-Stanford Psy.D. Consortium. She received a B.A. degree in Psychology from the University of California at Berkeley. Mr. Maurice Op de Beek has been our Executive Vice President since our inception in June 2021. Mr. Op de Beek was most recently the Chief Technology Officer at FeelRobotics, an Internet of Things focused technology company based in Amsterdam, Netherlands, where he worked from January 2017 to March 2021. Mr. Op de Beek was involved in all elements of design, strategy and engineering of FeelRobotic s platform, which provides integrated hardware and mobile app solutions to consumer hardware companies. Prior to his role with FeelRobotics, he was the Chief Technology Officer at Kiiroo B.V., a company that creates interactive consumer products for the sexual wellness industry, where he worked from January 2014 to December 2016. He began his career as an options market maker and has an extensive knowledge on equity and derivatives trading from his prior work as a senior derivatives trader. Mr. Op de Beek graduated with a Master of Economics: International Economic Studies from the University of Maastricht Maastricht. Mr. Ross Morgan has been a member of our board of directors since our November 2021. Mr. Morgan currently serves as the Managing Director of CFO4Results Inc., a fractional Chief Financial Officer CFO consulting firm and has served as a director or officer of private and public companies since 2002. Most recently Mr. Morgan served as CFO of Standard Innovation Corp, a sexual health and wellness company, from July 2017 through to its merger with a European competitor in 2018, forming the WOW Tech Group. He then served as the global CFO of the WOW Tech Group from November 2018 to July 2020, including its majority sale to CDH Investments in March 2020. Mr. Morgan also currently serves as the fractional CFO of Obotics Inc., ZipGrow Inc., Cryostasis Inc and 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Tallysman Wireless Inc. He is a Chartered Professional Accountant whose career began at Clarkson Gordon (later known as Ernst Young LLP) in 1985. Mr. Morgan has Bachelor of Arts and Masters of Accounting from the University of Waterloo. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Frank Ferrari and Ross Morgan will expire at our first annual general meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Britney Blair, will expire at the second annual general meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Ramzi Haidamus and Michelle Fang, will expire at the third annual meeting of shareholders. We may not hold an annual general meeting until after we consummate our Business Combination. Prior to our Business Combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to appoint all of our directors and remove members of the board of directors for any reason, and holders of our public shares will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by the holders of at least 90 of our ordinary shares attending and voting in a general meeting. Each of our directors will hold office for a three-year term. Subject to any other special rights applicable to the shareholders, any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at the meeting of our board of directors or by a majority of the holders of our ordinary shares (or, prior to our Business Combination, holders of our founder shares). Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman, a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Chief Operating Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, a Chief Accounting Officer, Vice Presidents, a Secretary, Assistant Secretaries, a Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent, including an exception for a controlled company . We intend to rely on the controlled company exception. An independent director is defined generally as a person that, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). Our board of directors has determined that each of Ross Morgan, Michelle Fang and Britney Blair is an independent director as defined under applicable Nasdaq and SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Controlled Company Status After completion of the IPO and until the completion of our Business Combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result, we will be a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements. We intend to utilize these exemptions. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has an audit committee and no other standing committees. Subject to phase-in rules, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. The audit committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board of directors and has the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of the audit committee is available on our website. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 Audit Committee Under Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to the exception described below. The members of our audit committee are Ross Morgan, Michelle Fang and Britney Blair. Our board of directors has determined that each of Ross Morgan, Michelle Fang and Britney Blair meet all applicable SEC and Nasdaq independence requirements necessary to serve on the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Ross Morgan qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. Ross Morgan serves as the chairman of the audit committee. The audit committee s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent auditor s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent auditors; the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (1) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 
 Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our officers, directors and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics is attached as Exhibit 14 to this report and will be provided without charge upon request. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Conflicts of Interest Our officers and directors may have from time to time fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities, including entities which employ them, in which they may serve as directors or officers, or in which they may have invested or make investments. These entities may compete with us for acquisition opportunities and our directors and officers may be required to bring business acquisition opportunities to these entities before us. Accordingly, if any of our directors or officers becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may need to honor these fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such Business Combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. If these entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunities. Subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, none of the members of our management team who are also employed by our sponsor or its affiliates have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential Business Combination of which they become aware. Our sponsor and directors and officers are also not prohibited from sponsoring, investing or otherwise becoming involved with, any other blank check companies, including in connection with their Business Combinations, prior to us completing our Business Combination. Our management team, in their capacities as directors, officers or employees of our sponsor or its affiliates or in their other endeavors, may choose to present potential Business Combinations to the related entities described above, current or future entities affiliated with or managed by our sponsor, or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law and any other applicable fiduciary duties. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis. For more information, see the section entitled Risk Factors - Certain of our directors and officers are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Each of our directors may vote in respect of a Business Combination in which such director has a conflict of interest with respect to the evaluation of such Business Combination, provided such director discloses such interest or conflict to the other directors in accordance with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers will materially affect our ability to identify and pursue Business Combination opportunities or complete our Business Combination. Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of directors and officers, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide for indemnification of our directors and officers to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We will enter into agreements with our directors and officers to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We may purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our directors and officers against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our directors and officers. We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced directors and officers. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. None of our directors or officers have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Our sponsor, directors and officers, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that are made by us to our sponsor, directors, officers or our or any of their respective affiliates. Any such payments prior to an Business Combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an Business Combination. After the completion of our Business Combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management, or other compensation from the combined company. All compensation will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed Business Combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers after the completion of our Business Combination will be determined by independent directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our Business Combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our Business Combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our Business Combination would be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential Business Combination. We are not party to any agreements with our directors and officers that provide for benefits upon termination of employment, Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our shares as of March 21, 2023 by: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares; each of our officers and directors; and all of our officers and directors as a group. 

 66 

Table of Contents 
 Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of the warrants included in the Units offered in the IPO or the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date hereof. 

Name and address of beneficial owner (1) PepperOne LLC (our Sponsor) 3,389,500 (2)(3) 61.9 Ramzi Haidamus (4) Eran Pilovsky (4) Michelle Fang (4) Frank Ferrari (4) Britney Blair (4) Maurice Op de Beek (4) Ross Morgan (4) All officers and directors as a group (7) persons 3,389,500 (2)(4) 61.9 Other 5 Shareholders Ayrton Capital LLC 1,485,000 (5) 27.1 RiverNorth Capital Management, LLC 1,485,000 (6) 27.1 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. 1,485,000 (7) 27.1 Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P. 1,029,995 (8) 18.8 Sandia Investment Management L.P. 952,921 (9) 17.4 

 Less than one percent. (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following is 548 Market Street, Suite 97425, San Francisco, California 94104. (2) Interests shown consist solely of Founder Shares, classified as Founder Shares. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A Ordinary Shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our Business Combination on a one- for-one basis, subject to adjustment. (3) Excludes 8,500,000 shares which may be purchased by exercising warrants that are not presently exercisable. (4) Excludes shares indirectly owned by this individual as a result of his or her membership interest in our Sponsor. (5) According to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on October 25, 2021 by Ayrton Capital LLC, Alto Opportunity Master Fund SPC Segregated Master Portfolio B and Waqas Khatri, who have shared voting and dispositive power over 1,485,000 shares reported. The address of the principal business office of Ayrton Capital, LLC is 55 Post Rd West, 2nd Floor, Westport, CT 06880. The address of the principal business office of Alto Opportunity Master Fund, SPC Segregated Master Portfolio B is Suite #7, Grand Pavilion Commercial Centre, 802 West Bay Road, Grand Cayman, P.O. Box 10250, Cayman Islands. The address of the principal business office of Waqas Khatri is 55 Post Rd West, 2nd Floor, Westport, Connecticut 06880. (6) According to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 15, 2022 by RiverNorth Capital Management, LLC, who has sole voting and dispositive power over 1,485,000 shares reported. The address of the principal business office of the reporting person is 325 N. LaSalle Street, Ste. 645, Chicago, Illinois 60654. (7) According to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 10, 2022 by Polar Asset Management Partners Inc., who has sole voting and dispositive power over 1,485,000 shares reported. The address of the principal business office of the reporting person is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 0E6. (8) According to Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P., RGC Management Company, LLC, Steven B. Katznelson, Christopher Hinkel, Radcliffe SPAC Master Fund, L.P. and Radcliffe SPAC GP, LLC, who have shared voting and dispositive power over 1,029,995 shares reported. The address of the principal business office of each of the reporting persons is 50 Monument Road, Suite 300, Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania 19004. (9) According to Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Sandia Investment Management L.P. and Timothy J. Sichler who have shared voting and dispositive power over 952,921 shares reported. The address of the principal business office of each of the reporting persons is 201 Washington Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02108. 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 Immediately after the IPO, our initial shareholders beneficially owned, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the then issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and have the right to elect all of our directors prior to our Business Combination. Holders of our public shares do not have the right to elect any directors to our board of directors prior to our Business Combination. Because of this ownership block, our sponsor may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions, including our Business Combination. Our initial shareholders have agreed (a) to vote any founder shares and public shares held by them in favor of any proposed Business Combination and (b) not to redeem any founder shares or public shares held by them in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed Business Combination. Our sponsor is deemed to be our promoter as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. Equity Compensation Plans As of December 31, 2022, we had no compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities of the registrant were authorized for issuance. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. In November and December 2021, we paid a total of 17,017 to Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP., on behalf of the Sponsor. As of March 1, 2022, the Sponsor repaid the loan to the Company in full. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services . The firm of WithumSmith+Brown, PC, or Withum, acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to Withum for services rendered. Audit Fees . For the period from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 94,535, for the services Withum performed in connection the audit of our December 31, 2022 financial statements included in this Annual Report and review of the financial information included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the respective periods. For the period from June 29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 101,970, for the services Withum performed in connection with our Initial Public Offering and the audit of our December 31, 2021 financial statements included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 17, 2022. Audit-Related Fees For the period from June 29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render assurance and related services related to the performance of the audit or review of financial statements. Tax Fees . For the period from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 3,900, for the services Withum performed in connection with tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. For the period from June 29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render services to us for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. All Other Fees . For the period from June 29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, there were no fees billed for products and services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our IPO. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15 . Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 
 (1) Financial Statements: 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: None. (3) Exhibits We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit Index Exhibit Number Description 1.1 Underwriting Agreement dated October 14, 2021 between the Company and Oppenheimer Co. Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on October 20, 2021). 3.1 Amendment to Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of PepperLime Health Acquisition Corporation. 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on October 12, 2021). 4.2 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on October 12, 2021). 4.3 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on October 12, 2021). 4.4 Public Warrant Agreement, dated October 14, 2021 between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on October 20, 2021). 4.5 Private Warrant Agreement, dated October 14, 2021 between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on October 20, 2021). 4.6 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on May 13, 2022). 10.1 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement dated October 14, 2021 between the Company and the PepperOne LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on October 20, 2021). 10.2 Investment Management Trust Agreement dated October 14, 2021 between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on October 20, 2021). 10.3 Registration Rights Agreement dated October 14, 2021 between the Company, the Sponsor and certain other entities signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on October 20, 2021). 10.4 Letter Agreement dated October 14, 2021 by and between the Company, on one hand and the Sponsor, each of the officers and directors of the Company and the other entities signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on October 20, 2021). 10.5 Indemnification Agreements, dated October 14, 2021 between the Company and each of the officers and directors of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on October 20, 2021). 10.6 Promissory Note, dated as of June 30, 2021, between the Registrant and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on October 12, 2021). 10.7 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated June 30, 2021, between the Registrant and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on October 12, 2021). 14 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on March 17, 2022). 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Company s Principal Executive Officer. 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Company s Principal Financial Officer. 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of the Company s Principal Executive Officer. The information contained in this Exhibit shall not be deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission nor incorporated by reference in any registration statement filed by the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of the Company s Principal Financial Officer. The information contained in this Exhibit shall not be deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission nor incorporated by reference in any registration statement filed by the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 99.1 Audit Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on March 17, 2022). 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 The cover page from Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL 

 Filed herewith Furnished herewith Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

PEPPERLIME HEALTH ACQUISITION CORPORATION By: /s/ Ramzi Haidamus Ramzi Haidamus Chief Executive Officer Date: March 28, 2023 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Ramzi Haidamus Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) March 28, 2023 Ramzi Haidamus /s/ Eran Pilovsky Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) March 28, 2023 Eran Pilovsky /s/ Frank Ferrari Director March 28, 2023 Frank Ferrari /s/ Michelle Fang Director March 28, 2023 Michelle Fang /s/ Britney Blair Director March 28, 2023 Britney Blair /s/ Ross Morgan Director March 28, 2023 Ross Morgan 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 PEPPERLIME HEALTH ACQUISITION CORPORATION TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 to F-18 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of PepperLime Health Acquisition Corporation Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of PepperLime Health Acquisition Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from June 29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from June 29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by October 19, 2023 (originally April 19, 2023; see Note 10) then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the United States Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. March 28, 2023 PCAOB ID number 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 PEPPERLIME HEALTH ACQUISITION CORPORATION BALANCE SHEETS December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash Restricted cash Prepaid expenses Due from related party Total current assets Investments held in Trust Account Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Total current liabilities Deferred underwriting fee payable Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Class A Ordinary Shares, par value; shares authorized; shares subject to possible redemption at and per share redemption value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Shareholders Deficit Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding Class B Ordinary Shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding December 31, 2022 and 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Shareholders Deficit ) ) Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 PEPPERLIME HEALTH ACQUISITION CORPORATION STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Period from June 29, For the Year 2021 (Inception) Ended Through December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 General and administrative expenses Loss from operations ) ) Other income: Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account Net income (loss) ) Weighted average shares outstanding, Class A Ordinary Shares Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A Ordinary Shares Weighted average shares outstanding, Class B Ordinary Shares Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B Ordinary Shares The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements . 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 PEPPERLIME HEALTH ACQUISITION CORPORATION STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 29, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A Class B Additional Total Ordinary Shares Ordinary Shares Paid-in Accumulated Shareholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance June 29, 2021 (Inception) Issuance of Class B Ordinary Shares to Sponsor Sale of Private Placement Warrants Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants, net of offering costs Fair value of Founder Shares transferred to anchor investors Accretion of Class A Ordinary Shares to redemption amount ) ) ) Forfeiture of Founder Shares ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance December 31, 2021 ) ) Accretion of Class A Ordinary Shares to redemption amount ) ) Net income Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 PEPPERLIME HEALTH ACQUISITION CORPORATION STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Period from June 29, For the Year 2021 (Inception) Ended Through December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: General and administrative expenses paid by Sponsor in exchange for the issuance of Class B Ordinary Shares General and administrative expenses paid by related party under promissory note Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses ) Due from related party ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities Investment of cash into Trust Account ) Net cash used in investing activities ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid Proceeds from sale of Private Placements Warrants Proceeds from promissory note Repayment of promissory note ) Payment of offering costs ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net Change in Cash ) Cash and restricted cash - Beginning of year Cash and restricted cash - End of year Non-cash financing activities: Deferred underwriting fee payable Change in value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 or more businesses that the Company has not yet identified Business Combination ). As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not yet commenced operations. All activity for the period from June 29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation, the initial public offering (the IPO), which is described below, and subsequent to the IPO, identifying a target company for a Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating income in the form of interest income from the investments held in the Trust Account (as defined below). The Company s sponsor is PepperOne LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company Sponsor ). The registration statement for the Company s IPO was declared effective on October 14, 2021. On October 19, 2021, the Company consummated its IPO of units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares, par value (the Class A Ordinary Shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million (as discussed in Note 3), and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which million was for deferred underwriting commissions (as discussed in Note 6). There was million of excess of fair value over price paid for Founder Shares sold to certain qualified institutional buyers or institutional accredited investors (the Anchor Investors ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A Ordinary Shares at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment. The Company granted the underwriters a option to purchase up to Units, at per Unit, to cover over-allotments, if any. On October 29, 2021, the Company issued an additional units (the Over-Allotment Units pursuant to the partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in connection with the IPO, generating gross proceeds of million (the Over-Allotment (as discussed in Note 3). The Company incurred additional offering costs of million in connection with the Over-Allotment (of which was for deferred underwriting fees). Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement of warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of million (as discussed in Note 4). On October 29, 2021, simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Over-Allotment Units, the Company consummated the sale of an additional Private Warrants at per Private Placement Warrant (the Additional Private Placement Warrants ), generating additional gross proceeds of . Upon the closing of the IPO, the Over-Allotment and the Private Placement, approximately million per Unit) of the net proceeds of the sale of the Units and the Private Placement Warrants were placed in a trust account Trust Account and will continue to be invested in United States government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account. The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of its IPO and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. The Company s initial Business Combination must be with or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time the Company signs a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. The Company will provide its holders of Public Shares (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially at per share, 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 upon such consummation of a Business Combination and a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transactions is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the holders of the Founder Shares (the Initial Shareholders have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the Initial Shareholders agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of of the Class A Ordinary Shares sold in the IPO, without the prior consent of the Company. The Initial Shareholders agreed not to propose an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association that would affect the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to provide for the redemption of its Public Shares in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A Ordinary Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. The Company will have until October 19, 2023 (originally April 19, 2023; see Note 10) to consummate a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 per share initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have vendors, service providers (except the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Liquidity and Going Concern As of December 31, 2022, the Company had in cash and working capital of . The Company s liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the IPO were satisfied through the payment of from the Sponsor issuance of Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5), and loan proceeds from the Sponsor of under the Note (as defined in Note 5). The Note balance was settled in connection with the sale of the additional Private Placement Warrants. Subsequent to the consummation of the IPO, the Company s liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the IPO and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the Company s Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. There are outstanding balances on the Working Capital Loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Based on the foregoing, management believes that the Company will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet its needs through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or through liquidation date. Over this time period, the Company will be using the funds held outside of the Trust Account for paying existing accounts payable and accrued expenses, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company has until October 19, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date and an extension has not been requested by the Sponsor and approved by the Company s stockholders, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and the mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur and an extension is not requested by the Sponsor and approved by the Company s stockholders, and 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 Class A Ordinary Shares sold as part of the Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature. In accordance with FASB ASC 480-10-S99-3A, Classification and Measurement of Redeemable Securities , redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require the security to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity s equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions of FASB ASC 480. The Company classified all of the Class A Ordinary Shares as redeemable shares. Under FASB ASC 480-10-S99, the Company has elected to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying value of the security to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. This method would view the end of the reporting period as if it were also the redemption date for the security. Immediately upon the closing of the IPO, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable Class A Ordinary Shares resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. Less: Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance ) Class A Ordinary Shares issuance costs ) Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2021 Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022 See Note 10 for the current amount held in the Trust Account and the ordinary shares currently subject to redemption following the Company s January 11, 2023 extraordinary general meeting of shareholders to extend the Business Combination deadline date from April 19, 2023 to October 19, 2023. unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. There is currently taxation imposed on income by the Government of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with Cayman federal income tax regulations, income taxes are not levied on the Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Company s financial statements. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. ordinary shares in the aggregate since the exercise of the warrants is 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which million was for deferred underwriting commissions, and million was the excess of fair value over price paid for Founder Shares sold to the Anchor Investors. A substantial majority of the Units were purchased by the Anchor Investors. There can be no assurance as to the amount of such Units the Anchor Investors will retain, if any, prior to or upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination. In addition, none of the Anchor Investors has any obligation to vote any of their Public Shares in favor of the Company s initial Business Combination. The Company granted the underwriters in the IPO a option to purchase up to Units, at per Unit, to cover over-allotments, if any. On October 29, 2021, the Company issued an additional units pursuant to the partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in connection with the IPO, generating gross proceeds of million. The Company incurred additional offering costs of million in connection with the Over-Allotment (of which was for deferred underwriting fees). Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share and one -half of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of million. On October 29, 2021, simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Over-Allotment Units, the Company consummated the sale of an additional Private Warrants at per Private Placement Warrant, generating additional gross proceeds of . 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 whole Class A ordinary share at a price of per share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor was added to the proceeds from the IPO held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable for cash and exercisable on a cashless basis, except as described in Note 7, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. The Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. to cover for certain expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange for issuance of Class B Ordinary Shares, par value (the Founder Shares or Class B Ordinary Shares ). Prior to the closing of the IPO on September 28, 2021, the Sponsor returned to the Company at no cost an aggregate of Class B Ordinary Shares, which were cancelled. All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share surrender. The Sponsor agreed to forfeit up to an aggregate of Founder Shares, on a pro rata basis, to the extent that the option to purchase additional Units was not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the Founder Shares would represent of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the IPO. The underwriters partially exercised their over-allotment option on October 29, 2021 to purchase an additional Units and terminated the remaining unexercised over-allotment option on Units; thus, Founder Shares were forfeited by the Sponsor, and Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. In connection with the Anchor Investors expression of interest to purchase certain units in the IPO as discussed in Note 3, the Anchor Investor purchased from the Sponsor an aggregate of Founder Shares, at a nominal purchase price. The Company determined that the fair value of these Founder Shares was approximately million (or per share) using a Monte Carlo simulation. The excess of the fair value of the Founder Shares was determined to be a contribution to the Company from the founders in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) Topic 5T and an offering cost in accordance with SAB Topic 5A. Accordingly, the offering cost was recorded against additional paid-in capital in accordance with the accounting of other offering costs. The Initial Shareholders agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of (1) after the completion of the initial Business Combination; and (2) subsequent to the initial Business Combination (x) if the last reported sale price of Class A Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, rights issuances, consolidations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least days after the initial Business Combination or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Related Party Loans On June 30, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to to be used for the payment of costs related to the IPO pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). The Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due upon the closing of the IPO. The outstanding amount of was repaid on October 28, 2021. Borrowings under the Promissory Note are no longer available. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, members of the Company s founding team or any of their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 to Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP., on behalf of PepperOne LLC, the Sponsor. As of March 1, 2022, the Sponsor repaid the loan to the Company in full. In December 2022, the Company paid a total of to Maples on behalf of the Sponsor and it was fully repaid and nothing is due to a related party as of December 31, 2022. demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement The underwriters were paid a cash underwriting fee of per unit, or million in the aggregate. In addition, per unit, or approximately million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Risks and Uncertainties Management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, the results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Conflict with Eastern Europe In February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action, various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further, the impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy are not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The specific impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. preference shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were preference shares issued and outstanding. Class A Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class A Ordinary Shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding, all of which are subject to possible redemption and are classified outside of permanent equity on the balance sheets. Class B Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class B Ordinary Shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding. Class A ordinary shareholders and Class B ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders and vote together as a single class, except as required by law; provided, that, prior to the initial Business Combination, holders of Class B Ordinary Shares will have the right to appoint all of the Company s directors and remove members of 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 of the sum of all ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the completion of IPO plus all Class A Ordinary Shares and equity-linked securities (defined below) issued or deemed issued (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A Ordinary Shares) in connection with the initial Business Combination, excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any private placement warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans; provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. Warrants As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, in connection with the Company s IPO and subsequent over-allotment the Company has Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Public Warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) from the closing of the IPO; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder (or the Company permits holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement). The Company agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance of the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A Ordinary Shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed; provided that if the Class A Ordinary Shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, requires holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, it will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement. The warrants have an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustments, and will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the completion of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Class A Ordinary Shares during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the per share redemption trigger price described below under Redemption of public warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described below under Redemption of Public Warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the IPO, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 per warrant; 
 upon a minimum of prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the last reported sale price of Class A Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted) for any trading days within a trading day period ending three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 The Company will not redeem the warrants as described above unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those of Class A Ordinary Shares is available throughout the -day redemption period or the Company has elected to require the exercise of the warrants on a cashless basis . If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, it may exercise its redemption right even if the Company is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. and in money market funds, which are invested in U.S. Treasury Securities. Through December 31, 2022, the Company did not withdraw any interest earned on the Trust Account. The following table presents information about the Company s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value: December 31, Description Level 2022 Assets: Investments held in Trust Account U.S. Treasury Securities Money Market Fund 1 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 of the Company s ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem those shares for cash at an approximate price of per share, for an aggregate of approximately million. Following the payment of the redemptions, the Trust Account will have a balance of approximately million. 
 F-18 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 peplu-20221231xex3d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.1

Exhibit 3.1 Registrar of Companies Government Administration Building 133 Elgin Avenue George Town Grand Cayman PepperLime Health Acquisition Corporation (ROC# 377773) (the Company TAKE NOTICE that at the Extraordinary General Meeting of the shareholders of the Company held on 11 January 2023, the following special resolution was passed: RESOLVED , as a special resolution, that the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company (the Articles be amended by the deletion of the existing Article 50.7 in its entirety and the insertion of the following language in its place: 50.7 In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination on or before October 19, 2023, or such later time as the Members may approve in accordance with the Articles, the Company shall: (a) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (b) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company (less taxes payable and up to US 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then Public Shares in issue, which redemption will completely extinguish public Members rights as Members (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (c) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining Members and the Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of Applicable Law (the Extension Amendment ), PROVIDED that this Extension Amendment shall not be approved or effective if: (1) as a consequence of redemptions of the Company s Public Shares submitted to the Company pursuant to Article 50.8 of the Articles in connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting held to approve this Extension Amendment the Company s net tangible assets would be less than US 5,000,001 following such redemptions; or (2) within two business days following the Extraordinary General Meeting to approve the Extension Amendment the Board of the Company resolves not to proceed with the Extension Amendment because submitted redemptions of the Company s Public Shares pursuant to Article 50.8 of the Articles in connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting held to approve this Extension Amendment would cause the Company s Trust Account to hold less than US 40,000,000. 

Sophia Marsh Senior Corporate Administrator for and on behalf of Maples Corporate Services Limited Dated this 27th day of January 2023 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

Registrar of Companies Government Administration Building 133 Elgin Avenue George Town Grand Cayman PepperLime Health Acquisition Corporation (ROC #377773) (the Company TAKE NOTICE that by written resolution of the sole shareholder of the Company dated 28 September 2021, the following special resolution was passed: Adoption of Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association It is resolved as a special resolution that, with effect from the effective time and date of the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A as filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, the memorandum and articles of association of the Company currently in effect be amended and restated by the deletion in their entirety and the substitution in their place of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association annexed hereto and the registered office provider of the Company be authorised to attend to the filing of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association with the Registrar of Companies in the Cayman Islands. 

Ashleigh Hydes Corporate Administrator for and on behalf of Maples Corporate Services Limited Dated this 14th day of October 2021 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED) OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF PEPPERLIME HEALTH ACQUISITION CORPORATION (ADOPTED BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION DATED 28 SEPTEMBER 2021 AND EFFECTIVE ON 14 OCTOBER 2021) 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED) OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION OF PEPPERLIME HEALTH ACQUISITION CORPORATION (ADOPTED BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION DATED 28 SEPTEMBER 2021 AND EFFECTIVE ON 14 OCTOBER 2021) 1 The name of the Company is PepperLime Health Acquisition Corporation. 2 The Registered Office of the Company shall be at the offices of Maples Corporate Services Limited, PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands, or at such other place within the Cayman Islands as the Directors may decide. 3 The objects for which the Company is established are unrestricted and the Company shall have full power and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by the laws of the Cayman Islands. 4 The liability of each Member is limited to the amount unpaid on such Member s shares. 5 The share capital of the Company is US 55,500 divided into 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares of a par value of US 0.0001 each, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares of a par value of US 0.0001 each and 5,000,000 preference shares of a par value of US 0.0001 each. 6 The Company has power to register by way of continuation as a body corporate limited by shares under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands. 7 Capitalised terms that are not defined in this Amended and Restated Memorandum of Association bear the respective meanings given to them in the Amended and Restated Articles of Association of the Company. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED) OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF PEPPERLIME HEALTH ACQUISITION CORPORATION (ADOPTED BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION DATED 28 SEPTEMBER 2021 AND EFFECTIVE ON 14 OCTOBER 2021) 1 Interpretation 1.1 In the Articles Table A in the First Schedule to the Statute does not apply and, unless there is something in the subject or context inconsistent therewith: Affiliate in respect of a person, means any other person that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such person, and (a) in the case of a natural person, shall include, without limitation, such person s spouse, parents, children, siblings, mother-in-law and father-in-law and brothers and sisters-in-law, whether by blood, marriage or adoption or anyone residing in such person s home, a trust for the benefit of any of the foregoing, a company, partnership or any natural person or entity wholly or jointly owned by any of the foregoing and (b) in the case of an entity, shall include a partnership, a corporation or any natural person or entity which directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such entity. Applicable Law means, with respect to any person, all provisions of laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, permits, certificates, judgments, decisions, decrees or orders of any governmental authority applicable to such person. Articles means these amended and restated articles of association of the Company. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

Audit Committee means the audit committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee. Auditor means the person for the time being performing the duties of auditor of the Company (if any). Business Combination means a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganisation or similar business combination involving the Company, with one or more businesses or entities (the target business ), which Business Combination: (a) as long as the securities of the Company are listed on the Nasdaq Global Market, must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 per cent of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of the definitive agreement to enter into such Business Combination; and (b) must not be solely effectuated with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal operations. business day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies are authorised or obligated by law to close in New York City. Clearing House means a clearing house recognised by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on a stock exchange or interdealer quotation system in such jurisdiction. Class A Share means a Class A ordinary share of a par value of US 0.0001 in the share capital of the Company. Class B Share means a Class B ordinary share of a par value of US 0.0001 in the share capital of the Company. Company means the above named company. Company s Website means the website of the Company and/or its web-address or domain name (if any). Compensation means the compensation committee of the board of directors of the 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

Committee Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee. Designated Stock Exchange means any United States national securities exchange on which the securities of the Company are listed for trading, including the Nasdaq Global Market. Directors means the directors for the time being of the Company. Dividend means any dividend (whether interim or final) resolved to be paid on Shares pursuant to the Articles. Electronic Communication means a communication sent by electronic means, including electronic posting to the Company s Website, transmission to any number, address or internet website (including the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission) or other electronic delivery methods as otherwise decided and approved by the Directors. Electronic Record has the same meaning as in the Electronic Transactions Act. Electronic Transactions Act means the Electronic Transactions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands. Equity-linked Securities means any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for Class A Shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with a Business Combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt. Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any similar U.S. federal statute and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time. Forward Purchase Agreement means an agreement that provides for the sale of equity securities in a private placement that will close substantially concurrently with the closing of a Business Combination. Forward Purchase Share means a Class A Share to be issued pursuant to a Forward Purchase Agreement. Forward Purchase Warrant means a warrant to purchase a Class A Share to be issued pursuant to a Forward Purchase Agreement. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

Founders means all Members immediately prior to the consummation of the IPO. Independent Director has the same meaning as in the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange or in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, as the case may be. IPO means the Company s initial public offering of securities. Member has the same meaning as in the Statute. Memorandum means the amended and restated memorandum of association of the Company. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee means the nominating and corporate governance committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee. Officer means a person appointed to hold an office in the Company. Ordinary Resolution means a resolution passed by a simple majority of the Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting, and includes a unanimous written resolution. In computing the majority when a poll is demanded regard shall be had to the number of votes to which each Member is entitled by the Articles. Over-Allotment Option means the option of the Underwriters to purchase up to an additional 15 per cent of the firm units (as described in the Articles) issued in the IPO at a price equal to US 10 per unit, less underwriting discounts and commissions. Preference Share means a preference share of a par value of US 0.0001 in the share capital of the Company. Public Share means a Class A Share issued as part of the units (as described in the Articles) issued in the IPO. Redemption Notice means a notice in a form approved by the Company by which a holder of Public Shares is entitled to require the Company to redeem its Public Shares, subject to any conditions contained therein. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

Register of Members means the register of Members maintained in accordance with the Statute and includes (except where otherwise stated) any branch or duplicate register of Members. Registered Office means the registered office for the time being of the Company. Representative means a representative of the Underwriters. Seal means the common seal of the Company and includes every duplicate seal. Securities and Exchange Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Share means a Class A Share, a Class B Share or a Preference Share and includes a fraction of a share in the Company. Special Resolution subject to Article 30.4, has the same meaning as in the Statute, and includes a unanimous written resolution. Sponsor means PepperOne LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company, and its successors or assigns. Statute means the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands. Tax Filing Authorised Person means such person as any Director shall designate from time to time, acting severally. Treasury Share means a Share held in the name of the Company as a treasury share in accordance with the Statute. Trust Account means the trust account established by the Company upon the consummation of its IPO and into which a certain amount of the net proceeds of the IPO, together with a certain amount of the proceeds of a private placement of warrants simultaneously with the closing date of the IPO, will be deposited. Underwriter means an underwriter of the IPO from time to time and any successor underwriter. 
 1.2 In the Articles: 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

(a) words importing the singular number include the plural number and vice versa; (b) words importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender; (c) words importing persons include corporations as well as any other legal or natural person; (d) written and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words in visible form, including in the form of an Electronic Record; (e) shall shall be construed as imperative and may shall be construed as permissive; (f) references to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed as references to those provisions as amended, modified, re-enacted or replaced; (g) any phrase introduced by the terms including , include , in particular or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms; (h) the term and/or is used herein to mean both and as well as or. The use of and/or in certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies the use of the terms and or or in others. The term or shall not be interpreted to be exclusive and the term and shall not be interpreted to require the conjunctive (in each case, unless the context otherwise requires); (i) headings are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored in construing the Articles; (j) any requirements as to delivery under the Articles include delivery in the form of an Electronic Record; (k) any requirements as to execution or signature under the Articles including the execution of the Articles themselves can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature as defined in the Electronic Transactions Act; (l) sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Act shall not apply; (m) the term clear days in relation to the period of a notice means that period excluding the day when the notice is received or deemed to be received and the day for which it is given or on which it is to take effect; and (n) the term holder in relation to a Share means a person whose name is entered in the Register of Members as the holder of such Share. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

2 Commencement of Business 2.1 The business of the Company may be commenced as soon after incorporation of the Company as the Directors shall see fit. 2.2 The Directors may pay, out of the capital or any other monies of the Company, all expenses incurred in or about the formation and establishment of the Company, including the expenses of registration. 3 Issue of Shares and other Securities 3.1 Subject to the provisions, if any, in the Memorandum (and to any direction that may be given by the Company in general meeting) and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, and without prejudice to any rights attached to any existing Shares, the Directors may allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of Shares (including fractions of a Share) with or without preferred, deferred or other rights or restrictions, whether in regard to Dividends or other distributions, voting, return of capital or otherwise and to such persons, at such times and on such other terms as they think proper, and may also (subject to the Statute and the Articles) vary such rights, save that the Directors shall not allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of Shares (including fractions of a Share) to the extent that it may affect the ability of the Company to carry out a Class B Ordinary Share Conversion set out in the Articles. 3.2 The Company may issue rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company on such terms as the Directors may from time to time determine. 3.3 The Company may issue units of securities in the Company, which may be comprised of whole or fractional Shares, rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company, upon such terms as the Directors may from time to time determine. The securities comprising any such units which are issued pursuant to the IPO can only be traded separately from one another on the 52nd day following the date of the prospectus relating to the IPO unless the Representative(s) determines that an earlier date is acceptable, subject to the Company having filed a current report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission and a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Prior to such date, the units can be traded, but the securities comprising such units cannot be traded separately from one another. 3.4 The Company shall not issue Shares to bearer. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

4 Register of Members 4.1 The Company shall maintain or cause to be maintained the Register of Members in accordance with the Statute. 4.2 The Directors may determine that the Company shall maintain one or more branch registers of Members in accordance with the Statute. The Directors may also determine which register of Members shall constitute the principal register and which shall constitute the branch register or registers, and to vary such determination from time to time. 5 Closing Register of Members or Fixing Record Date 5.1 For the purpose of determining Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at any meeting of Members or any adjournment thereof, or Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other distribution, or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose, the Directors may, after notice has been given by advertisement in an appointed newspaper or any other newspaper or by any other means in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, provide that the Register of Members shall be closed for transfers for a stated period which shall not in any case exceed forty days. 5.2 In lieu of, or apart from, closing the Register of Members, the Directors may fix in advance or arrears a date as the record date for any such determination of Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at any meeting of the Members or any adjournment thereof, or for the purpose of determining the Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other distribution, or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose. 5.3 If the Register of Members is not so closed and no record date is fixed for the determination of Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at, a meeting of Members or Members entitled to receive payment of a Dividend or other distribution, the date on which notice of the meeting is sent or the date on which the resolution of the Directors resolving to pay such Dividend or other distribution is passed, as the case may be, shall be the record date for such determination of Members. When a determination of Members entitled to vote at any meeting of Members has been made as provided in this Article, such determination shall apply to any adjournment thereof. 6 Certificates for Shares 6.1 A Member shall only be entitled to a share certificate if the Directors resolve that share certificates shall be issued. Share certificates representing Shares, if any, shall be in such form as the Directors may determine. Share certificates shall be signed by one or more Directors or other person authorised by the Directors. The Directors may authorise certificates to be issued 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

with the authorised signature(s) affixed by mechanical process. All certificates for Shares shall be consecutively numbered or otherwise identified and shall specify the Shares to which they relate. All certificates surrendered to the Company for transfer shall be cancelled and, subject to the Articles, no new certificate shall be issued until the former certificate representing a like number of relevant Shares shall have been surrendered and cancelled. 6.2 The Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate for Shares held jointly by more than one person and delivery of a certificate to one joint holder shall be a sufficient delivery to all of them. 6.3 If a share certificate is defaced, worn out, lost or destroyed, it may be renewed on such terms (if any) as to evidence and indemnity and on the payment of such expenses reasonably incurred by the Company in investigating evidence, as the Directors may prescribe, and (in the case of defacement or wearing out) upon delivery of the old certificate. 6.4 Every share certificate sent in accordance with the Articles will be sent at the risk of the Member or other person entitled to the certificate. The Company will not be responsible for any share certificate lost or delayed in the course of delivery. 6.5 Share certificates shall be issued within the relevant time limit as prescribed by the Statute, if applicable, or as the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law may from time to time determine, whichever is shorter, after the allotment or, except in the case of a Share transfer which the Company is for the time being entitled to refuse to register and does not register, after lodgement of a Share transfer with the Company. 7 Transfer of Shares 7.1 Subject to the terms of the Articles, any Member may transfer all or any of his Shares by an instrument of transfer provided that such transfer complies with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. If the Shares in question were issued in conjunction with rights, options or warrants issued pursuant to the Articles on terms that one cannot be transferred without the other, the Directors shall refuse to register the transfer of any such Share without evidence satisfactory to them of the like transfer of such option or warrant. 7.2 The instrument of transfer of any Share shall be in writing in the usual or common form or in a form prescribed by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law or in any other form approved by the Directors and shall be executed by or on behalf of the transferor (and if the Directors so require, signed by or on behalf of the transferee) 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

and may be under hand or, if the transferor or transferee is a Clearing House or its nominee(s), by hand or by machine imprinted signature or by such other manner of execution as the Directors may approve from time to time. The transferor shall be deemed to remain the holder of a Share until the name of the transferee is entered in the Register of Members. 8 Redemption, Repurchase and Surrender of Shares 8.1 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Company may issue Shares that are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at the option of the Member or the Company. The redemption of such Shares, except Public Shares, shall be effected in such manner and upon such other terms as the Company may, by Special Resolution, determine before the issue of such Shares. With respect to redeeming or repurchasing the Shares: (a) Members who hold Public Shares are entitled to request the redemption of such Shares in the circumstances described in the Business Combination Article hereof; (b) Class B Shares held by the Sponsor shall be surrendered by the Sponsor for no consideration on a pro-rata basis to the extent that the Over-Allotment Option is not exercised in full so that the Founders will own 20 per cent of the Company s issued Shares after the IPO (exclusive of any securities purchased in a private placement simultaneously with the IPO); and (c) Public Shares shall be repurchased by way of tender offer in the circumstances set out in the Business Combination Article hereof. 8.2 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Company may purchase its own Shares (including any redeemable Shares) in such manner and on such other terms as the Directors may agree with the relevant Member. For the avoidance of doubt, redemptions, repurchases and surrenders of Shares in the circumstances described in the Article above shall not require further approval of the Members. 8.3 The Company may make a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of its own Shares in any manner permitted by the Statute, including out of capital. 8.4 The Directors may accept the surrender for no consideration of any fully paid Share. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

9 Treasury Shares 9.1 The Directors may, prior to the purchase, redemption or surrender of any Share, determine that such Share shall be held as a Treasury Share. 9.2 The Directors may determine to cancel a Treasury Share or transfer a Treasury Share on such terms as they think proper (including, without limitation, for nil consideration). 10 Variation of Rights of Shares 10.1 Subject to Article 3.1, if at any time the share capital of the Company is divided into different classes of Shares, all or any of the rights attached to any class (unless otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the Shares of that class) may, whether or not the Company is being wound up, be varied without the consent of the holders of the issued Shares of that class where such variation is considered by the Directors not to have a material adverse effect upon such rights; otherwise, any such variation shall be made only with the consent in writing of the holders of not less than two thirds of the issued Shares of that class (other than with respect to a waiver of the provisions of the Class B Ordinary Share Conversion Article hereof, which as stated therein shall only require the consent in writing of the holders of a majority of the issued Shares of that class), or with the approval of a resolution passed by a majority of not less than two thirds of the votes cast at a separate meeting of the holders of the Shares of that class. For the avoidance of doubt, the Directors reserve the right, notwithstanding that any such variation may not have a material adverse effect, to obtain consent from the holders of Shares of the relevant class. To any such meeting all the provisions of the Articles relating to general meetings shall apply mutatis mutandis , except that the necessary quorum shall be one person holding or representing by proxy at least one third of the issued Shares of the class and that any holder of Shares of the class present in person or by proxy may demand a poll. 10.2 For the purposes of a separate class meeting, the Directors may treat two or more or all the classes of Shares as forming one class of Shares if the Directors consider that such class of Shares would be affected in the same way by the proposals under consideration, but in any other case shall treat them as separate classes of Shares. 10.3 The rights conferred upon the holders of the Shares of any class issued with preferred or other rights shall not, unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of issue of the Shares of that class, be deemed to be varied by the creation or issue of further Shares ranking pari passu therewith or Shares issued with preferred or other rights. 11 Commission on Sale of Shares The Company may, in so far as the Statute permits, pay a commission to any person in consideration of his subscribing or agreeing to subscribe (whether absolutely or conditionally) or 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

procuring or agreeing to procure subscriptions (whether absolutely or conditionally) for any Shares. Such commissions may be satisfied by the payment of cash and/or the issue of fully or partly paid-up Shares. The Company may also on any issue of Shares pay such brokerage as may be lawful. 12 Non Recognition of Trusts The Company shall not be bound by or compelled to recognise in any way (even when notified) any equitable, contingent, future or partial interest in any Share, or (except only as is otherwise provided by the Articles or the Statute) any other rights in respect of any Share other than an absolute right to the entirety thereof in the holder. 13 Lien on Shares 13.1 The Company shall have a first and paramount lien on all Shares (whether fully paid-up or not) registered in the name of a Member (whether solely or jointly with others) for all debts, liabilities or engagements to or with the Company (whether presently payable or not) by such Member or his estate, either alone or jointly with any other person, whether a Member or not, but the Directors may at any time declare any Share to be wholly or in part exempt from the provisions of this Article. The registration of a transfer of any such Share shall operate as a waiver of the Company s lien thereon. The Company s lien on a Share shall also extend to any amount payable in respect of that Share. 13.2 The Company may sell, in such manner as the Directors think fit, any Shares on which the Company has a lien, if a sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable, and is not paid within fourteen clear days after notice has been received or deemed to have been received by the holder of the Shares, or to the person entitled to it in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of the holder, demanding payment and stating that if the notice is not complied with the Shares may be sold. 13.3 To give effect to any such sale the Directors may authorise any person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Shares sold to, or in accordance with the directions of, the purchaser. The purchaser or his nominee shall be registered as the holder of the Shares comprised in any such transfer, and he shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, nor shall his title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the sale or the exercise of the Company s power of sale under the Articles. 13.4 The net proceeds of such sale after payment of costs, shall be applied in payment of such part of the amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable and any balance shall (subject to a like lien for sums not presently payable as existed upon the Shares before the sale) be paid to the person entitled to the Shares at the date of the sale. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

14 Call on Shares 14.1 Subject to the terms of the allotment and issue of any Shares, the Directors may make calls upon the Members in respect of any monies unpaid on their Shares (whether in respect of par value or premium), and each Member shall (subject to receiving at least fourteen clear days notice specifying the time or times of payment) pay to the Company at the time or times so specified the amount called on the Shares. A call may be revoked or postponed, in whole or in part, as the Directors may determine. A call may be required to be paid by instalments. A person upon whom a call is made shall remain liable for calls made upon him notwithstanding the subsequent transfer of the Shares in respect of which the call was made. 14.2 A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution of the Directors authorising such call was passed. 14.3 The joint holders of a Share shall be jointly and severally liable to pay all calls in respect thereof. 14.4 If a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable, the person from whom it is due shall pay interest on the amount unpaid from the day it became due and payable until it is paid at such rate as the Directors may determine (and in addition all expenses that have been incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment), but the Directors may waive payment of the interest or expenses wholly or in part. 14.5 An amount payable in respect of a Share on issue or allotment or at any fixed date, whether on account of the par value of the Share or premium or otherwise, shall be deemed to be a call and if it is not paid all the provisions of the Articles shall apply as if that amount had become due and payable by virtue of a call. 14.6 The Directors may issue Shares with different terms as to the amount and times of payment of calls, or the interest to be paid. 14.7 The Directors may, if they think fit, receive an amount from any Member willing to advance all or any part of the monies uncalled and unpaid upon any Shares held by him, and may (until the amount would otherwise become payable) pay interest at such rate as may be agreed upon between the Directors and the Member paying such amount in advance. 14.8 No such amount paid in advance of calls shall entitle the Member paying such amount to any portion of a Dividend or other distribution payable in respect of any period prior to the date upon which such amount would, but for such payment, become payable. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

15 Forfeiture of Shares 15.1 If a call or instalment of a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable the Directors may give to the person from whom it is due not less than fourteen clear days notice requiring payment of the amount unpaid together with any interest which may have accrued and any expenses incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment. The notice shall specify where payment is to be made and shall state that if the notice is not complied with the Shares in respect of which the call was made will be liable to be forfeited. 15.2 If the notice is not complied with, any Share in respect of which it was given may, before the payment required by the notice has been made, be forfeited by a resolution of the Directors. Such forfeiture shall include all Dividends, other distributions or other monies payable in respect of the forfeited Share and not paid before the forfeiture. 15.3 A forfeited Share may be sold, re-allotted or otherwise disposed of on such terms and in such manner as the Directors think fit and at any time before a sale, re-allotment or disposition the forfeiture may be cancelled on such terms as the Directors think fit. Where for the purposes of its disposal a forfeited Share is to be transferred to any person the Directors may authorise some person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Share in favour of that person. 15.4 A person any of whose Shares have been forfeited shall cease to be a Member in respect of them and shall surrender to the Company for cancellation the certificate for the Shares forfeited and shall remain liable to pay to the Company all monies which at the date of forfeiture were payable by him to the Company in respect of those Shares together with interest at such rate as the Directors may determine, but his liability shall cease if and when the Company shall have received payment in full of all monies due and payable by him in respect of those Shares. 15.5 A certificate in writing under the hand of one Director or Officer that a Share has been forfeited on a specified date shall be conclusive evidence of the facts stated in it as against all persons claiming to be entitled to the Share. The certificate shall (subject to the execution of an instrument of transfer) constitute a good title to the Share and the person to whom the Share is sold or otherwise disposed of shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, if any, nor shall his title to the Share be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the forfeiture, sale or disposal of the Share. 15.6 The provisions of the Articles as to forfeiture shall apply in the case of non payment of any sum which, by the terms of issue of a Share, becomes payable at a fixed time, whether on account of the par value of the Share or by way of premium as if it had been payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

16 Transmission of Shares 16.1 If a Member dies, the survivor or survivors (where he was a joint holder), or his legal personal representatives (where he was a sole holder), shall be the only persons recognised by the Company as having any title to his Shares. The estate of a deceased Member is not thereby released from any liability in respect of any Share, for which he was a joint or sole holder. 16.2 Any person becoming entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution of a Member (or in any other way than by transfer) may, upon such evidence being produced as may be required by the Directors, elect, by a notice in writing sent by him to the Company, either to become the holder of such Share or to have some person nominated by him registered as the holder of such Share. If he elects to have another person registered as the holder of such Share he shall sign an instrument of transfer of that Share to that person. The Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before his death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution, as the case may be. 16.3 A person becoming entitled to a Share by reason of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution of a Member (or in any other case than by transfer) shall be entitled to the same Dividends, other distributions and other advantages to which he would be entitled if he were the holder of such Share. However, he shall not, before becoming a Member in respect of a Share, be entitled in respect of it to exercise any right conferred by membership in relation to general meetings of the Company and the Directors may at any time give notice requiring any such person to elect either to be registered himself or to have some person nominated by him be registered as the holder of the Share (but the Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before his death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution or any other case than by transfer, as the case may be). If the notice is not complied with within ninety days of being received or deemed to be received (as determined pursuant to the Articles), the Directors may thereafter withhold payment of all Dividends, other distributions, bonuses or other monies payable in respect of the Share until the requirements of the notice have been complied with. 17 Class B Ordinary Share Conversion 17.1 The rights attaching to the Class A Shares and Class B Shares shall rank pari passu in all respects, and the Class A Shares and Class B Shares shall vote together as a single class on all matters (subject to the Variation of Rights of Shares Article and the Appointment and Removal of Directors Article hereof) with the exception that the holder of a Class B Share shall have the conversion rights referred to in this Article. 17.2 Class B Shares shall automatically convert into Class A Shares on a one-for-one basis (the Initial Conversion Ratio ): 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

(a) at any time and from time to time at the option of the holders thereof; and (b) concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of a Business Combination. 17.3 Notwithstanding the Initial Conversion Ratio, in the case that additional Class A Shares or any other Equity-linked Securities, are issued, or deemed issued, by the Company in excess of the amounts offered in the IPO and related to the closing of a Business Combination, all Class B Shares in issue shall automatically convert into Class A Shares at the time of the closing of a Business Combination at a ratio for which the Class B Shares shall convert into Class A Shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the Class B Shares in issue agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A Shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B Shares will equal, on an as-converted basis, in the aggregate, 20 per cent of the sum of all Class A Shares and Class B Shares in issue upon completion of the IPO plus all Class A Shares and Equity-linked Securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (including any Forward Purchase Shares but not including any Forward Purchase Warrants), excluding any Shares or Equity-linked Securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination and any private placement warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans made to the Company, minus the number of Public Shares redeemed in connection with a Business Combination, provided that such conversion to Class A Shares shall never be less than at the Initial Conversion Ratio. 17.4 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the foregoing adjustment to the Initial Conversion Ratio may be waived as to any particular issuance or deemed issuance of additional Class A Shares or Equity-linked Securities by the written consent or agreement of holders of a majority of the Class B Shares then in issue consenting or agreeing separately as a separate class in the manner provided in the Variation of Rights of Shares Article hereof. 17.5 The foregoing conversion ratio shall also be adjusted to account for any subdivision (by share subdivision, exchange, capitalisation, rights issue, reclassification, recapitalisation or otherwise) or combination (by share consolidation, exchange, reclassification, recapitalisation or otherwise) or similar reclassification or recapitalisation of the Class A Shares in issue into a greater or lesser number of shares occurring after the original filing of the Articles without a proportionate and corresponding subdivision, combination or similar reclassification or recapitalisation of the Class B Shares in issue. 17.6 Each Class B Share shall convert into its pro rata number of Class A Shares pursuant to this Article. The pro rata share for each holder of Class B Shares will be determined as follows: each Class B Share shall convert into such number of Class A Shares as is equal to the product of 1 multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the total number of Class A Shares into which all of the Class B Shares in issue shall be converted pursuant to this Article and the 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

denominator of which shall be the total number of Class B Shares in issue at the time of conversion. 17.7 References in this Article to converted , conversion or exchange shall mean the compulsory redemption without notice of Class B Shares of any Member and, on behalf of such Members, automatic application of such redemption proceeds in paying for such new Class A Shares into which the Class B Shares have been converted or exchanged at a price per Class B Share necessary to give effect to a conversion or exchange calculated on the basis that the Class A Shares to be issued as part of the conversion or exchange will be issued at par. The Class A Shares to be issued on an exchange or conversion shall be registered in the name of such Member or in such name as the Member may direct. 17.8 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article, in no event may any Class B Share convert into Class A Shares at a ratio that is less than one-for-one. 18 Amendments of Memorandum and Articles of Association and Alteration of Capital 18.1 The Company may by Ordinary Resolution: (a) increase its share capital by such sum as the Ordinary Resolution shall prescribe and with such rights, priorities and privileges annexed thereto, as the Company in general meeting may determine; (b) consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into Shares of larger amount than its existing Shares; (c) convert all or any of its paid-up Shares into stock, and reconvert that stock into paid-up Shares of any denomination; (d) by subdivision of its existing Shares or any of them divide the whole or any part of its share capital into Shares of smaller amount than is fixed by the Memorandum or into Shares without par value; and (e) cancel any Shares that at the date of the passing of the Ordinary Resolution have not been taken or agreed to be taken by any person and diminish the amount of its share capital by the amount of the Shares so cancelled. 18.2 All new Shares created in accordance with the provisions of the preceding Article shall be subject to the same provisions of the Articles with reference to the payment of calls, liens, transfer, transmission, forfeiture and otherwise as the Shares in the original share capital. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

18.3 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, the provisions of the Articles as regards the matters to be dealt with by Ordinary Resolution and Article 30.4, the Company may by Special Resolution: (a) change its name; (b) alter or add to the Articles; (c) alter or add to the Memorandum with respect to any objects, powers or other matters specified therein; and (d) reduce its share capital or any capital redemption reserve fund. 19 Offices and Places of Business Subject to the provisions of the Statute, the Company may by resolution of the Directors change the location of its Registered Office. The Company may, in addition to its Registered Office, maintain such other offices or places of business as the Directors determine. 20 General Meetings 20.1 All general meetings other than annual general meetings shall be called extraordinary general meetings. 20.2 The Company may, but shall not (unless required by the Statute) be obliged to, in each year hold a general meeting as its annual general meeting, and shall specify the meeting as such in the notices calling it. Any annual general meeting shall be held at such time and place as the Directors shall appoint. At these meetings the report of the Directors (if any) shall be presented. 20.3 The Directors, the chief executive officer or the chairman of the board of Directors may call general meetings, and, for the avoidance of doubt, Members shall not have the ability to call general meetings. 20.4 Members seeking to bring business before the annual general meeting or to nominate candidates for appointment as Directors at the annual general meeting must deliver notice to the principal executive offices of the Company not less than 120 calendar days before the date of the Company s proxy statement released to Members in connection with the previous year s annual general meeting or, if the Company did not hold an annual general meeting the previous year, or if the date of the current year s annual general meeting has been changed by more than 30 days from the date of the previous year s annual general meeting, then the deadline shall be set by the board of Directors with such deadline being a reasonable time before the Company begins to print and send its related proxy materials. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

21 Notice of General Meetings 21.1 At least five clear days notice shall be given of any general meeting. Every notice shall specify the place, the day and the hour of the meeting and the general nature of the business to be conducted at the general meeting and shall be given in the manner hereinafter mentioned or in such other manner if any as may be prescribed by the Company, provided that a general meeting of the Company shall, whether or not the notice specified in this Article has been given and whether or not the provisions of the Articles regarding general meetings have been complied with, be deemed to have been duly convened if it is so agreed: (a) in the case of an annual general meeting, by all of the Members entitled to attend and vote thereat; and (b) in the case of an extraordinary general meeting, by a majority in number of the Members having a right to attend and vote at the meeting, together holding not less than ninety-five per cent in par value of the Shares giving that right. 21.2 The accidental omission to give notice of a general meeting to, or the non receipt of notice of a general meeting by, any person entitled to receive such notice shall not invalidate the proceedings of that general meeting. 22 Proceedings at General Meetings 22.1 No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum is present. The holders of one-third of the Shares being individuals present in person or by proxy or if a corporation or other non-natural person by its duly authorised representative or proxy shall be a quorum. 22.2 A person may participate at a general meeting by conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all the persons participating in the meeting can communicate with each other. Participation by a person in a general meeting in this manner is treated as presence in person at that meeting. 22.3 A resolution (including a Special Resolution) in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed by or on behalf of all of the Members for the time being entitled to receive notice of and to attend and vote at general meetings (or, being corporations or other non-natural persons, signed by their duly authorised representatives) shall be as valid and effective as if the resolution had been passed at a general meeting of the Company duly convened and held. 22.4 If a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the meeting shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week at the same time and/or place or to such other day, time and/or place as the Directors may determine, and if at the 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

adjourned meeting a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Members present shall be a quorum. 22.5 The Directors may, at any time prior to the time appointed for the meeting to commence, appoint any person to act as chairman of a general meeting of the Company or, if the Directors do not make any such appointment, the chairman, if any, of the board of Directors shall preside as chairman at such general meeting. If there is no such chairman, or if he shall not be present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, or is unwilling to act, the Directors present shall elect one of their number to be chairman of the meeting. 22.6 If no Director is willing to act as chairman or if no Director is present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Members present shall choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting. 22.7 The chairman may, with the consent of a meeting at which a quorum is present (and shall if so directed by the meeting) adjourn the meeting from time to time and from place to place, but no business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting other than the business left unfinished at the meeting from which the adjournment took place. 22.8 When a general meeting is adjourned for thirty days or more, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any such notice of an adjourned meeting. 22.9 If, prior to a Business Combination, a notice is issued in respect of a general meeting and the Directors, in their absolute discretion, consider that it is impractical or undesirable for any reason to hold that general meeting at the place, the day and the hour specified in the notice calling such general meeting, the Directors may postpone the general meeting to another place, day and/or hour provided that notice of the place, the day and the hour of the rearranged general meeting is promptly given to all Members. No business shall be transacted at any postponed meeting other than the business specified in the notice of the original meeting. 22.10 When a general meeting is postponed for thirty days or more, notice of the postponed meeting shall be given as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any such notice of a postponed meeting. All proxy forms submitted for the original general meeting shall remain valid for the postponed meeting. The Directors may postpone a general meeting which has already been postponed. 22.11 A resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on a poll. 22.12 A poll shall be taken as the chairman directs, and the result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the general meeting at which the poll was demanded. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

22.13 A poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken forthwith. A poll demanded on any other question shall be taken at such date, time and place as the chairman of the general meeting directs, and any business other than that upon which a poll has been demanded or is contingent thereon may proceed pending the taking of the poll. 22.14 In the case of an equality of votes the chairman shall be entitled to a second or casting vote. 23 Votes of Members 23.1 Subject to any rights or restrictions attached to any Shares, including as set out at Article 30.4, every Member present in any such manner shall have one vote for every Share of which he is the holder. 23.2 In the case of joint holders the vote of the senior holder who tenders a vote, whether in person or by proxy (or, in the case of a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorised representative or proxy), shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders, and seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names of the holders stand in the Register of Members. 23.3 A Member of unsound mind, or in respect of whom an order has been made by any court, having jurisdiction in lunacy, may vote by his committee, receiver, curator bonis, or other person on such Member s behalf appointed by that court, and any such committee, receiver, curator bonis or other person may vote by proxy. 23.4 No person shall be entitled to vote at any general meeting unless he is registered as a Member on the record date for such meeting nor unless all calls or other monies then payable by him in respect of Shares have been paid. 23.5 No objection shall be raised as to the qualification of any voter except at the general meeting or adjourned general meeting at which the vote objected to is given or tendered and every vote not disallowed at the meeting shall be valid. Any objection made in due time in accordance with this Article shall be referred to the chairman whose decision shall be final and conclusive. 23.6 Votes may be cast either personally or by proxy (or in the case of a corporation or other non-natural person by its duly authorised representative or proxy). A Member may appoint more than one proxy or the same proxy under one or more instruments to attend and vote at a meeting. Where a Member appoints more than one proxy the instrument of proxy shall specify the number of Shares in respect of which each proxy is entitled to exercise the related votes. 23.7 A Member holding more than one Share need not cast the votes in respect of his Shares in the same way on any resolution and therefore may vote a Share or some or all such Shares either for or against a resolution and/or abstain from voting a Share or some or all of the Shares and, 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

subject to the terms of the instrument appointing him, a proxy appointed under one or more instruments may vote a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which he is appointed either for or against a resolution and/or abstain from voting a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which he is appointed. 24 Proxies 24.1 The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing and shall be executed under the hand of the appointor or of his attorney duly authorised in writing, or, if the appointor is a corporation or other non natural person, under the hand of its duly authorised representative. A proxy need not be a Member. 24.2 The Directors may, in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned meeting, or in an instrument of proxy sent out by the Company, specify the manner by which the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited and the place and the time (being not later than the time appointed for the commencement of the meeting or adjourned meeting to which the proxy relates) at which the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited. In the absence of any such direction from the Directors in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned meeting or in an instrument of proxy sent out by the Company, the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited physically at the Registered Office not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for the meeting or adjourned meeting to commence at which the person named in the instrument proposes to vote. 24.3 The chairman may in any event at his discretion declare that an instrument of proxy shall be deemed to have been duly deposited. An instrument of proxy that is not deposited in the manner permitted, or which has not been declared to have been duly deposited by the chairman, shall be invalid. 24.4 The instrument appointing a proxy may be in any usual or common form (or such other form as the Directors may approve) and may be expressed to be for a particular meeting or any adjournment thereof or generally until revoked. An instrument appointing a proxy shall be deemed to include the power to demand or join or concur in demanding a poll. 24.5 Votes given in accordance with the terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid notwithstanding the previous death or insanity of the principal or revocation of the proxy or of the authority under which the proxy was executed, or the transfer of the Share in respect of which the proxy is given unless notice in writing of such death, insanity, revocation or transfer was received by the Company at the Registered Office before the commencement of the general meeting, or adjourned meeting at which it is sought to use the proxy. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

25 Corporate Members 25.1 Any corporation or other non-natural person which is a Member may in accordance with its constitutional documents, or in the absence of such provision by resolution of its directors or other governing body, authorise such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or of any class of Members, and the person so authorised shall be entitled to exercise the same powers on behalf of the corporation which he represents as the corporation could exercise if it were an individual Member. 25.2 If a Clearing House (or its nominee(s)), being a corporation, is a Member, it may authorise such persons as it sees fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or at any meeting of any class of Members provided that the authorisation shall specify the number and class of Shares in respect of which each such representative is so authorised. Each person so authorised under the provisions of this Article shall be deemed to have been duly authorised without further evidence of the facts and be entitled to exercise the same rights and powers on behalf of the Clearing House (or its nominee(s)) as if such person was the registered holder of such Shares held by the Clearing House (or its nominee(s)). 26 Shares that May Not be Voted Shares in the Company that are beneficially owned by the Company shall not be voted, directly or indirectly, at any meeting and shall not be counted in determining the total number of outstanding Shares at any given time. 27 Directors 27.1 There shall be a board of Directors consisting of not less than one person provided however that the Company may by Ordinary Resolution increase or reduce the limits in the number of Directors. 27.2 The Directors shall be divided into three classes: Class I, Class II and Class III. The number of Directors in each class shall be as nearly equal as possible. Upon the adoption of the Articles, the existing Directors shall by resolution classify themselves as Class I, Class II or Class III Directors. The Class I Directors shall stand appointed for a term expiring at the Company s first annual general meeting, the Class II Directors shall stand appointed for a term expiring at the Company s second annual general meeting and the Class III Directors shall stand appointed for a term expiring at the Company s third annual general meeting. Commencing at the Company s first annual general meeting, and at each annual general meeting thereafter, Directors appointed to succeed those Directors whose terms expire shall be appointed for a term of office to expire at the third succeeding annual general meeting after their appointment. Except as the Statute or other Applicable Law may otherwise require, in the interim between annual general meetings or extraordinary general meetings called for the appointment of Directors and/or the removal of one 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

or more Directors and the filling of any vacancy in that connection, additional Directors and any vacancies in the board of Directors, including unfilled vacancies resulting from the removal of Directors for cause, may be filled by the vote of a majority of the remaining Directors then in office, although less than a quorum (as defined in the Articles), or by the sole remaining Director. All Directors shall hold office until the expiration of their respective terms of office and until their successors shall have been appointed and qualified. A Director appointed to fill a vacancy resulting from the death, resignation or removal of a Director shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the Director whose death, resignation or removal shall have created such vacancy and until his successor shall have been appointed and qualified. 28 Nominations of Directors 28.1 Subject to Article 30.1, nominations of persons for appointment as Directors may be made at an annual general meeting only by: (a) the Directors; or (b) by any Member who: (i) is a Minimum Member at the time of giving of the notice provided for in this Article and at the time of the annual general meeting; (ii) is entitled to vote for the appointments at such annual general meeting; and (iii) complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Article (notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Articles, this Article 28.1(b) shall be the exclusive means for a Member to make nominations of persons for appointment of Directors at an annual general meeting). 28.2 Any Member entitled to vote for the elections may nominate a person or persons for appointment as Directors only if written notice of such Member s intent to make such nomination is given in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Article, either by personal delivery or express or registered mail (postage prepaid), to the Company not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day and not later than the close of business on the 90th day prior to the one-year anniversary of the date of the annual general meeting for the immediately preceding year. However, in the event that the date of the annual general meeting is more than 30 days before or after such anniversary date, in order to be timely, a Member s notice must be received by the Company not later than the later of: (x) the close of business 90 days prior to the date of such annual general meeting; and (y) if the first public announcement of the date of such advanced or delayed annual general meeting is less than 100 days prior to such date, 10 days following the date of the first public announcement of the annual general meeting date. In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual general meeting, or such 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

adjournment or postponement, commence a new time period or otherwise extend any time period for the giving of a Member s notice as described herein. Members may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be) for appointment as Directors only as provided in this Article and only for such class(es) as are specified in the notice of annual general meeting as being up for appointment at such annual general meeting. 28.3 Each such notice of a Member s intent to make a nomination of a Director shall set forth: (a) as to the Member giving notice and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made: (i) the name and address of such Member (as it appears in the Register of Members) and any such beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made; (ii) the class and number of Shares which are, directly or indirectly, owned beneficially and of record by such Member and any such beneficial owner, respectively, or their respective Affiliates (naming such Affiliates), as at the date of such notice; (iii) a description of any Covered Arrangement to which such Member or beneficial owner, or their respective Affiliates, directly or indirectly, is a party as at the date of such notice; (iv) any other information relating to such Member and any such beneficial owner that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement in connection with a solicitation of proxies for the appointment of Directors in a contested election pursuant to section 14 of the Exchange Act; and (v) a representation that the Member is a holder of record of Shares entitled to vote at such annual general meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the person or persons specified in such Member s notice; (b) a description of all arrangements or understandings between the Member or any beneficial owner, or their respective Affiliates, and each nominee or any other person or persons (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nomination or nominations are to be made by the Member; (c) a representation whether the Member or the beneficial owner is or intends to be part of a corporate group or other group which intends: 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

(i) to deliver a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Shares required to appoint the Director or Directors nominated; and/or (ii) otherwise to solicit proxies from Members in support of such nomination or nominations; (d) as to each person whom the Member proposes to nominate for appointment or re-appointment as a Director: (i) all information relating to such person as would have been required to be included in a proxy statement filed in connection with a solicitation of proxies for the appointment of Directors in a contested election pursuant to section 14 of the Exchange Act; (ii) a description of any Covered Arrangement to which such nominee or any of his Affiliates is a party as at the date of such notice (iii) the written consent of each nominee to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a Director if so appointed; and (iv) whether, if appointed, the nominee intends to tender any advance resignation notice(s) requested by the Directors in connection with subsequent elections, such advance resignation to be contingent upon the nominee s failure to receive a majority vote and acceptance of such resignation by the Directors; and (e) an undertaking by the Member of record and each beneficial owner, if any, to (i) notify the Company in writing of the information set forth in Articles 28.3(a)(ii), (a)(iii), (b) and (d) above as at the record date for the annual general meeting promptly (and, in any event, within five business days) following the later of the record date or the date notice of the record date is first disclosed by public announcement and (ii) update such information thereafter within two business days of any change in such information and, in any event, as at close of business on the day preceding the meeting date. 28.4 No person shall be eligible for appointment as a Director unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Articles. Except as otherwise provided by Applicable Law or the Articles, the chairman or co-chairman of any annual general meeting to appointment Directors or the Directors may, if the facts warrant, determine that a nomination was not made in compliance with the foregoing procedure or if the Member solicits proxies in support of such Member s nominee(s) without such Member having made the representation required by Article 28.3(c); and if the chairman, co-chairman or the Directors should so determine, it shall be so declared to the annual general meeting, and the defective nomination shall be disregarded. Notwithstanding 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

anything in the Articles to the contrary, unless otherwise required by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, if a Member intending to make a nomination at an annual general meeting in accordance with this Article does not: (a) timely provide the notifications contemplated by of Article 28.3(e); or (b) timely appear in person or by proxy at the annual general meeting to present the nomination, such nomination shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such nomination may have been received by the Company or any other person or entity. 28.5 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article, any Member intending to make a nomination at an annual general meeting in accordance with this Article, and each related beneficial owner, if any, shall also comply with all requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder applicable to the same extent as if the Shares were registered under the Exchange Act with respect to the matters set forth in the Articles; provided, however, that any references in the Articles to the Exchange Act are not intended to and shall not limit the requirements applicable to nominations made or intended to be made in accordance with Article 28.1(b). 28.6 Nothing in this Article shall be deemed to affect any rights of the holders of any class of Preference Shares, or any other class of Shares authorised to be issued by the Company, to appoint Directors pursuant to the terms thereof. 28.7 To be eligible to be a nominee for appointment or re-appointment as a Director pursuant to Article 28.1(b), a person must deliver (not later than the deadline prescribed for delivery of notice) to the Company a written questionnaire prepared by the Company with respect to the background and qualification of such person and the background of any other person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made (which questionnaire shall be provided by the Company upon written request) and a written representation and agreement (in the form provided by the Company upon written request) that such person: (a) is not and will not become a party to: (i) any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such person, if appointed as a Director, will act or vote on any issue or question (a Voting Commitment that has not been disclosed to the Company; or 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

(ii) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such person s ability to comply, if appointed as a Director, with such person s duties under Applicable Law; (b) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Company with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a Director that has not been disclosed therein; (c) in such person s individual capacity and on behalf of any person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made, would be in compliance, if appointed as a Director, and will comply with, Applicable Law and corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality and share ownership and trading policies and guidelines of the Company that are applicable to Directors generally; and (d) if appointed as a Director, will act in the best interests of the Company and not in the interest of any individual constituency. 28.8 At the request of the Directors, any person nominated for appointment as a Director shall furnish to the Company the information that is required to be set forth in a Members notice of nomination pursuant to this Article. 28.9 Any Member proposing to nominate a person or persons for appointment as Director shall be responsible for, and bear the costs associated with, soliciting votes from any other voting Member and distributing materials to such Members prior to the annual general meeting in accordance with the Articles and applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. A Member shall include any person or persons such Member intends to nominate for appointment as Director in its own proxy statement and proxy card. 29 Powers of Directors 29.1 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, the Memorandum and the Articles and to any directions given by Special Resolution, the business of the Company shall be managed by the Directors who may exercise all the powers of the Company. No alteration of the Memorandum or Articles and no such direction shall invalidate any prior act of the Directors which would have been valid if that alteration had not been made or that direction had not been given. A duly convened meeting of Directors at which a quorum is present may exercise all powers exercisable by the Directors. 29.2 All cheques, promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange and other negotiable or transferable instruments and all receipts for monies paid to the Company shall be signed, drawn, accepted, endorsed or otherwise executed as the case may be in such manner as the Directors shall determine by resolution. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

29.3 The Directors on behalf of the Company may pay a gratuity or pension or allowance on retirement to any Director who has held any other salaried office or place of profit with the Company or to his widow or dependants and may make contributions to any fund and pay premiums for the purchase or provision of any such gratuity, pension or allowance. 29.4 The Directors may exercise all the powers of the Company to borrow money and to mortgage or charge its undertaking, property and assets (present and future) and uncalled capital or any part thereof and to issue debentures, debenture stock, mortgages, bonds and other such securities whether outright or as security for any debt, liability or obligation of the Company or of any third party. 30 Appointment and Removal of Directors 30.1 Prior to the closing of a Business Combination, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution of the holders of the Class B Shares appoint any person to be a Director or may by Ordinary Resolution of the holders of the Class B Shares remove any Director. For the avoidance of doubt, prior to the closing of a Business Combination, holders of Class A Shares shall have no right to vote on the appointment or removal of any Director. 30.2 The Directors may appoint any person to be a Director, either to fill a vacancy or as an additional Director provided that the appointment does not cause the number of Directors to exceed any number fixed by or in accordance with the Articles as the maximum number of Directors. 30.3 After the closing of a Business Combination, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution appoint any person to be a Director or may by Ordinary Resolution remove any Director. 30.4 Prior to the closing of a Business Combination, Article 30.1 may only be amended by a Special Resolution passed by at least 90 per cent of such Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given, or by way of unanimous written resolution. 31 Vacation of Office of Director The office of a Director shall be vacated if: (a) the Director gives notice in writing to the Company that he resigns the office of Director; or (b) the Director absents himself (for the avoidance of doubt, without being represented by proxy) from three consecutive meetings of the board of Directors without special leave of absence from the Directors, and the Directors pass a resolution that he has by reason of such absence vacated office; or 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

(c) the Director dies, becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement or composition with his creditors generally; or (d) the Director is found to be or becomes of unsound mind; or (e) all of the other Directors (being not less than two in number) determine that he should be removed as a Director, either by a resolution passed by all of the other Directors at a meeting of the Directors duly convened and held in accordance with the Articles or by a resolution in writing signed by all of the other Directors. 32 Proceedings of Directors 32.1 The quorum for the transaction of the business of the Directors may be fixed by the Directors, and unless so fixed shall be a majority of the Directors then in office. 32.2 Subject to the provisions of the Articles, the Directors may regulate their proceedings as they think fit. Questions arising at any meeting shall be decided by a majority of votes. In the case of an equality of votes, the chairman shall have a second or casting vote. 32.3 A person may participate in a meeting of the Directors or any committee of Directors by conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all the persons participating in the meeting can communicate with each other at the same time. Participation by a person in a meeting in this manner is treated as presence in person at that meeting. Unless otherwise determined by the Directors, the meeting shall be deemed to be held at the place where the chairman is located at the start of the meeting. 32.4 A resolution in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed by all the Directors or all the members of a committee of the Directors or, in the case of a resolution in writing relating to the removal of any Director or the vacation of office by any Director, all of the Directors other than the Director who is the subject of such resolution shall be as valid and effectual as if it had been passed at a meeting of the Directors, or committee of Directors as the case may be, duly convened and held. 32.5 A Director may, or other Officer on the direction of a Director shall, call a meeting of the Directors by at least two days notice in writing to every Director which notice shall set forth the general nature of the business to be considered unless notice is waived by all the Directors either at, before or after the meeting is held. To any such notice of a meeting of the Directors all the provisions of the Articles relating to the giving of notices by the Company to the Members shall apply mutatis mutandis. 32.6 The continuing Directors (or a sole continuing Director, as the case may be) may act notwithstanding any vacancy in their body, but if and so long as their number is reduced below the number fixed by or pursuant to the Articles as the necessary quorum of Directors the 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

continuing Directors or Director may act for the purpose of increasing the number of Directors to be equal to such fixed number, or of summoning a general meeting of the Company, but for no other purpose. 32.7 The Directors may elect a chairman of their board and determine the period for which he is to hold office; but if no such chairman is elected, or if at any meeting the chairman is not present within five minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Directors present may choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting. 32.8 All acts done by any meeting of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors shall, notwithstanding that it is afterwards discovered that there was some defect in the appointment of any Director, and/or that they or any of them were disqualified, and/or had vacated their office and/or were not entitled to vote, be as valid as if every such person had been duly appointed and/or not disqualified to be a Director and/or had not vacated their office and/or had been entitled to vote, as the case may be. 32.9 A Director may be represented at any meetings of the board of Directors by a proxy appointed in writing by him. The proxy shall count towards the quorum and the vote of the proxy shall for all purposes be deemed to be that of the appointing Director. 33 Presumption of Assent A Director who is present at a meeting of the board of Directors at which action on any Company matter is taken shall be presumed to have assented to the action taken unless his dissent shall be entered in the minutes of the meeting or unless he shall file his written dissent from such action with the person acting as the chairman or secretary of the meeting before the adjournment thereof or shall forward such dissent by registered post to such person immediately after the adjournment of the meeting. Such right to dissent shall not apply to a Director who voted in favour of such action. 34 Directors Interests 34.1 A Director may hold any other office or place of profit under the Company (other than the office of Auditor) in conjunction with his office of Director for such period and on such terms as to remuneration and otherwise as the Directors may determine. 34.2 A Director may act by himself or by, through or on behalf of his firm in a professional capacity for the Company and he or his firm shall be entitled to remuneration for professional services as if he were not a Director. 34.3 A Director may be or become a director or other officer of or otherwise interested in any company promoted by the Company or in which the Company may be interested as a shareholder, a contracting party or otherwise, and no such Director shall be accountable to the Company for any 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

remuneration or other benefits received by him as a director or officer of, or from his interest in, such other company. 34.4 No person shall be disqualified from the office of Director or prevented by such office from contracting with the Company, either as vendor, purchaser or otherwise, nor shall any such contract or any contract or transaction entered into by or on behalf of the Company in which any Director shall be in any way interested be or be liable to be avoided, nor shall any Director so contracting or being so interested be liable to account to the Company for any profit realised by or arising in connection with any such contract or transaction by reason of such Director holding office or of the fiduciary relationship thereby established. A Director shall be at liberty to vote in respect of any contract or transaction in which he is interested provided that the nature of the interest of any Director in any such contract or transaction shall be disclosed by him at or prior to its consideration and any vote thereon. 34.5 A general notice that a Director is a shareholder, director, officer or employee of any specified firm or company and is to be regarded as interested in any transaction with such firm or company shall be sufficient disclosure for the purposes of voting on a resolution in respect of a contract or transaction in which he has an interest, and after such general notice it shall not be necessary to give special notice relating to any particular transaction. 35 Minutes The Directors shall cause minutes to be made in books kept for the purpose of recording all appointments of Officers made by the Directors, all proceedings at meetings of the Company or the holders of any class of Shares and of the Directors, and of committees of the Directors, including the names of the Directors present at each meeting. 36 Delegation of Directors Powers 36.1 The Directors may delegate any of their powers, authorities and discretions, including the power to sub-delegate, to any committee consisting of one or more Directors (including, without limitation, the Audit Committee). Any such delegation may be made subject to any conditions the Directors may impose and either collaterally with or to the exclusion of their own powers and any such delegation may be revoked or altered by the Directors. Subject to any such conditions, the proceedings of a committee of Directors shall be governed by the Articles regulating the proceedings of Directors, so far as they are capable of applying. 36.2 The Directors may establish any committees, local boards or agencies or appoint any person to be a manager or agent for managing the affairs of the Company and may appoint any person to be a member of such committees, local boards or agencies. Any such appointment may be made subject to any conditions the Directors may impose, and either collaterally with or to the exclusion of their own powers and any such appointment may be revoked or altered by the Directors. Subject to any such conditions, the proceedings of any such committee, local board or agency 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

shall be governed by the Articles regulating the proceedings of Directors, so far as they are capable of applying. 36.3 The Directors may adopt formal written charters for committees. Each of these committees shall be empowered to do all things necessary to exercise the rights of such committee set forth in the Articles and shall have such powers as the Directors may delegate pursuant to the Articles and as required by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. Each of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, if established, shall consist of such number of Directors as the Directors shall from time to time determine (or such minimum number as may be required from time to time by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law). For so long as any class of Shares is listed on the Designated Stock Exchange, the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee shall be made up of such number of Independent Directors as is required from time to time by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. 36.4 The Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any person to be the agent of the Company on such conditions as the Directors may determine, provided that the delegation is not to the exclusion of their own powers and may be revoked by the Directors at any time. 36.5 The Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any company, firm, person or body of persons, whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Directors, to be the attorney or authorised signatory of the Company for such purpose and with such powers, authorities and discretions (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable by the Directors under the Articles) and for such period and subject to such conditions as they may think fit, and any such powers of attorney or other appointment may contain such provisions for the protection and convenience of persons dealing with any such attorneys or authorised signatories as the Directors may think fit and may also authorise any such attorney or authorised signatory to delegate all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions vested in him. 36.6 The Directors may appoint such Officers as they consider necessary on such terms, at such remuneration and to perform such duties, and subject to such provisions as to disqualification and removal as the Directors may think fit. Unless otherwise specified in the terms of his appointment an Officer may be removed by resolution of the Directors or Members. An Officer may vacate his office at any time if he gives notice in writing to the Company that he resigns his office. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

37 No Minimum Shareholding The Company in general meeting may fix a minimum shareholding required to be held by a Director, but unless and until such a shareholding qualification is fixed a Director is not required to hold Shares. 38 Remuneration of Directors 38.1 The remuneration to be paid to the Directors, if any, shall be such remuneration as the Directors shall determine, provided that no cash remuneration shall be paid to any Director by the Company prior to the consummation of a Business Combination. The Directors shall also, whether prior to or after the consummation of a Business Combination, be entitled to be paid all travelling, hotel and other expenses properly incurred by them in connection with their attendance at meetings of Directors or committees of Directors, or general meetings of the Company, or separate meetings of the holders of any class of Shares or debentures of the Company, or otherwise in connection with the business of the Company or the discharge of their duties as a Director, or to receive a fixed allowance in respect thereof as may be determined by the Directors, or a combination partly of one such method and partly the other. 38.2 The Directors may by resolution approve additional remuneration to any Director for any services which in the opinion of the Directors go beyond his ordinary routine work as a Director. Any fees paid to a Director who is also counsel, attorney or solicitor to the Company, or otherwise serves it in a professional capacity shall be in addition to his remuneration as a Director. 39 Seal 39.1 The Company may, if the Directors so determine, have a Seal. The Seal shall only be used by the authority of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors authorised by the Directors. Every instrument to which the Seal has been affixed shall be signed by at least one person who shall be either a Director or some Officer or other person appointed by the Directors for the purpose. 39.2 The Company may have for use in any place or places outside the Cayman Islands a duplicate Seal or Seals each of which shall be a facsimile of the common Seal of the Company and, if the Directors so determine, with the addition on its face of the name of every place where it is to be used. 39.3 A Director or Officer, representative or attorney of the Company may without further authority of the Directors affix the Seal over his signature alone to any document of the Company required to be authenticated by him under seal or to be filed with the Registrar of Companies in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere wheresoever. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

40 Dividends, Distributions and Reserve 40.1 Subject to the Statute and this Article and except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, the Directors may resolve to pay Dividends and other distributions on Shares in issue and authorise payment of the Dividends or other distributions out of the funds of the Company lawfully available therefor. A Dividend shall be deemed to be an interim Dividend unless the terms of the resolution pursuant to which the Directors resolve to pay such Dividend specifically state that such Dividend shall be a final Dividend. No Dividend or other distribution shall be paid except out of the realised or unrealised profits of the Company, out of the share premium account or as otherwise permitted by law. 40.2 Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, all Dividends and other distributions shall be paid according to the par value of the Shares that a Member holds. If any Share is issued on terms providing that it shall rank for Dividend as from a particular date, that Share shall rank for Dividend accordingly. 40.3 The Directors may deduct from any Dividend or other distribution payable to any Member all sums of money (if any) then payable by him to the Company on account of calls or otherwise. 40.4 The Directors may resolve that any Dividend or other distribution be paid wholly or partly by the distribution of specific assets and in particular (but without limitation) by the distribution of shares, debentures, or securities of any other company or in any one or more of such ways and where any difficulty arises in regard to such distribution, the Directors may settle the same as they think expedient and in particular may issue fractional Shares and may fix the value for distribution of such specific assets or any part thereof and may determine that cash payments shall be made to any Members upon the basis of the value so fixed in order to adjust the rights of all Members and may vest any such specific assets in trustees in such manner as may seem expedient to the Directors. 40.5 Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, Dividends and other distributions may be paid in any currency. The Directors may determine the basis of conversion for any currency conversions that may be required and how any costs involved are to be met. 40.6 The Directors may, before resolving to pay any Dividend or other distribution, set aside such sums as they think proper as a reserve or reserves which shall, at the discretion of the Directors, be applicable for any purpose of the Company and pending such application may, at the discretion of the Directors, be employed in the business of the Company. 40.7 Any Dividend, other distribution, interest or other monies payable in cash in respect of Shares may be paid by wire transfer to the holder or by cheque or warrant sent through the post directed to the registered address of the holder or, in the case of joint holders, to the registered address of the holder who is first named on the Register of Members or to such person and to such address 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

as such holder or joint holders may in writing direct. Every such cheque or warrant shall be made payable to the order of the person to whom it is sent. Any one of two or more joint holders may give effectual receipts for any Dividends, other distributions, bonuses, or other monies payable in respect of the Share held by them as joint holders. 40.8 No Dividend or other distribution shall bear interest against the Company. 40.9 Any Dividend or other distribution which cannot be paid to a Member and/or which remains unclaimed after six months from the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable may, in the discretion of the Directors, be paid into a separate account in the Company s name, provided that the Company shall not be constituted as a trustee in respect of that account and the Dividend or other distribution shall remain as a debt due to the Member. Any Dividend or other distribution which remains unclaimed after a period of six years from the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable shall be forfeited and shall revert to the Company. 41 Capitalisation The Directors may at any time capitalise any sum standing to the credit of any of the Company s reserve accounts or funds (including the share premium account and capital redemption reserve fund) or any sum standing to the credit of the profit and loss account or otherwise available for distribution; appropriate such sum to Members in the proportions in which such sum would have been divisible amongst such Members had the same been a distribution of profits by way of Dividend or other distribution; and apply such sum on their behalf in paying up in full unissued Shares for allotment and distribution credited as fully paid-up to and amongst them in the proportion aforesaid. In such event the Directors shall do all acts and things required to give effect to such capitalisation, with full power given to the Directors to make such provisions as they think fit in the case of Shares becoming distributable in fractions (including provisions whereby the benefit of fractional entitlements accrue to the Company rather than to the Members concerned). The Directors may authorise any person to enter on behalf of all of the Members interested into an agreement with the Company providing for such capitalisation and matters incidental or relating thereto and any agreement made under such authority shall be effective and binding on all such Members and the Company. 42 Books of Account 42.1 The Directors shall cause proper books of account (including, where applicable, material underlying documentation including contracts and invoices) to be kept with respect to all sums of money received and expended by the Company and the matters in respect of which the receipt or expenditure takes place, all sales and purchases of goods by the Company and the assets and liabilities of the Company. Such books of account must be retained for a minimum period of five years from the date on which they are prepared. Proper books shall not be deemed 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

to be kept if there are not kept such books of account as are necessary to give a true and fair view of the state of the Company s affairs and to explain its transactions. 42.2 The Directors shall determine whether and to what extent and at what times and places and under what conditions or regulations the accounts and books of the Company or any of them shall be open to the inspection of Members not being Directors and no Member (not being a Director) shall have any right of inspecting any account or book or document of the Company except as conferred by Statute or authorised by the Directors or by the Company in general meeting. 42.3 The Directors may cause to be prepared and to be laid before the Company in general meeting profit and loss accounts, balance sheets, group accounts (if any) and such other reports and accounts as may be required by law. 43 Audit 43.1 The Directors may appoint an Auditor of the Company who shall hold office on such terms as the Directors determine. 43.2 Without prejudice to the freedom of the Directors to establish any other committee, if the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, and if required by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Directors shall establish and maintain an Audit Committee as a committee of the Directors and shall adopt a formal written Audit Committee charter and review and assess the adequacy of the formal written charter on an annual basis. The composition and responsibilities of the Audit Committee shall comply with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. The Audit Committee shall meet at least once every financial quarter, or more frequently as circumstances dictate. 43.3 If the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, the Company shall conduct an appropriate review of all related party transactions on an ongoing basis and shall utilise the Audit Committee for the review and approval of potential conflicts of interest. 43.4 The remuneration of the Auditor shall be fixed by the Audit Committee (if one exists). 43.5 If the office of Auditor becomes vacant by resignation or death of the Auditor, or by his becoming incapable of acting by reason of illness or other disability at a time when his services are required, the Directors shall fill the vacancy and determine the remuneration of such Auditor. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

43.6 Every Auditor of the Company shall have a right of access at all times to the books and accounts and vouchers of the Company and shall be entitled to require from the Directors and Officers such information and explanation as may be necessary for the performance of the duties of the Auditor. 43.7 Auditors shall, if so required by the Directors, make a report on the accounts of the Company during their tenure of office at the next annual general meeting following their appointment in the case of a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an ordinary company, and at the next extraordinary general meeting following their appointment in the case of a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an exempted company, and at any other time during their term of office, upon request of the Directors or any general meeting of the Members. 43.8 Any payment made to members of the Audit Committee (if one exists) shall require the review and approval of the Directors, with any Director interested in such payment abstaining from such review and approval. 43.9 The Audit Committee shall monitor compliance with the terms of the IPO and, if any non-compliance is identified, the Audit Committee shall be charged with the responsibility to take all action necessary to rectify such non-compliance or otherwise cause compliance with the terms of the IPO. 43.10 At least one member of the Audit Committee shall be an audit committee financial expert as determined by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. The audit committee financial expert shall have such past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or any other comparable experience or background which results in the individual s financial sophistication. 44 Notices 44.1 Notices shall be in writing and may be given by the Company to any Member either personally or by sending it by courier, post, cable, telex, fax or e-mail to him or to his address as shown in the Register of Members (or where the notice is given by e-mail by sending it to the e-mail address provided by such Member). Notice may also be served by Electronic Communication in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or by placing it on the Company s Website. 44.2 Where a notice is sent by: 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

(a) courier; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by delivery of the notice to a courier company, and shall be deemed to have been received on the third day (not including Saturdays or Sundays or public holidays) following the day on which the notice was delivered to the courier; (b) post; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing, pre paying and posting a letter containing the notice, and shall be deemed to have been received on the fifth day (not including Saturdays or Sundays or public holidays in the Cayman Islands) following the day on which the notice was posted; (c) cable, telex or fax; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing and sending such notice and shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that it was transmitted; (d) e-mail or other Electronic Communication; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by transmitting the e-mail to the e-mail address provided by the intended recipient and shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that it was sent, and it shall not be necessary for the receipt of the e-mail to be acknowledged by the recipient; and (e) placing it on the Company s Website; service of the notice shall be deemed to have been effected one hour after the notice or document was placed on the Company s Website. 44.3 A notice may be given by the Company to the person or persons which the Company has been advised are entitled to a Share or Shares in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member in the same manner as other notices which are required to be given under the Articles and shall be addressed to them by name, or by the title of representatives of the deceased, or trustee of the bankrupt, or by any like description at the address supplied for that purpose by the persons claiming to be so entitled, or at the option of the Company by giving the notice in any manner in which the same might have been given if the death or bankruptcy had not occurred. 44.4 Notice of every general meeting shall be given in any manner authorised by the Articles to every holder of Shares carrying an entitlement to receive such notice on the record date for such meeting except that in the case of joint holders the notice shall be sufficient if given to the joint holder first named in the Register of Members and every person upon whom the ownership of a Share devolves by reason of his being a legal personal representative or a trustee in bankruptcy of a Member where the Member but for his death or bankruptcy would be entitled to receive notice of the meeting, and no other person shall be entitled to receive notices of general meetings. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

45 Winding Up 45.1 If the Company shall be wound up, the liquidator shall apply the assets of the Company in satisfaction of creditors claims in such manner and order as such liquidator thinks fit. Subject to the rights attaching to any Shares, in a winding up: (a) if the assets available for distribution amongst the Members shall be insufficient to repay the whole of the Company s issued share capital, such assets shall be distributed so that, as nearly as may be, the losses shall be borne by the Members in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them; or (b) if the assets available for distribution amongst the Members shall be more than sufficient to repay the whole of the Company s issued share capital at the commencement of the winding up, the surplus shall be distributed amongst the Members in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them at the commencement of the winding up subject to a deduction from those Shares in respect of which there are monies due, of all monies payable to the Company for unpaid calls or otherwise. 45.2 If the Company shall be wound up the liquidator may, subject to the rights attaching to any Shares and with the approval of a Special Resolution of the Company and any other approval required by the Statute, divide amongst the Members in kind the whole or any part of the assets of the Company (whether such assets shall consist of property of the same kind or not) and may for that purpose value any assets and determine how the division shall be carried out as between the Members or different classes of Members. The liquidator may, with the like approval, vest the whole or any part of such assets in trustees upon such trusts for the benefit of the Members as the liquidator, with the like approval, shall think fit, but so that no Member shall be compelled to accept any asset upon which there is a liability. 46 Indemnity and Insurance 46.1 Every Director and Officer (which for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include auditors of the Company), together with every former Director and former Officer (each an Indemnified Person shall be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against any liability, action, proceeding, claim, demand, costs, damages or expenses, including legal expenses, whatsoever which they or any of them may incur as a result of any act or failure to act in carrying out their functions other than such liability (if any) that they may incur by reason of their own actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default. No Indemnified Person shall be liable to the Company for any loss or damage incurred by the Company as a result (whether direct or indirect) of the carrying out of their functions unless that liability arises through the actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default of such Indemnified Person. No person shall be found to have committed actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default under this Article unless or until a court of competent jurisdiction shall have made a finding to that effect. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

46.2 The Company shall advance to each Indemnified Person reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the defence of any action, suit, proceeding or investigation involving such Indemnified Person for which indemnity will or could be sought. In connection with any advance of any expenses hereunder, the Indemnified Person shall execute an undertaking to repay the advanced amount to the Company if it shall be determined by final judgment or other final adjudication that such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Article. If it shall be determined by a final judgment or other final adjudication that such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification with respect to such judgment, costs or expenses, then such party shall not be indemnified with respect to such judgment, costs or expenses and any advancement shall be returned to the Company (without interest) by the Indemnified Person. 46.3 The Directors, on behalf of the Company, may purchase and maintain insurance for the benefit of any Director or Officer against any liability which, by virtue of any rule of law, would otherwise attach to such person in respect of any negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust of which such person may be guilty in relation to the Company. 47 Financial Year Unless the Directors otherwise prescribe, the financial year of the Company shall end on 31st December in each year and, following the year of incorporation, shall begin on 1st January in each year. 48 Transfer by Way of Continuation If the Company is exempted as defined in the Statute, it shall, subject to the provisions of the Statute and with the approval of a Special Resolution, have the power to register by way of continuation as a body corporate under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands. 49 Mergers and Consolidations The Company shall have the power to merge or consolidate with one or more other constituent companies (as defined in the Statute) upon such terms as the Directors may determine and (to the extent required by the Statute) with the approval of a Special Resolution. 50 Business Combination 50.1 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Articles, this Article shall apply during the period commencing upon the adoption of the Articles and terminating upon the first to occur of the consummation of a Business Combination and the full distribution of the Trust Account pursuant to this Article. In the event of a conflict between this Article and any other Articles, the provisions of this Article shall prevail. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

50.2 Prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company shall either: (a) submit such Business Combination to its Members for approval; or (b) provide Members with the opportunity to have their Shares repurchased by means of a tender offer for a per-Share repurchase price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of such Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account (net of taxes paid or payable, if any), divided by the number of then issued Public Shares, provided that the Company shall not repurchase Public Shares in an amount that would cause the Company s net tangible assets to be less than US 5,000,001 following such repurchases. Such obligation to repurchase Shares is subject to the completion of the proposed Business Combination to which it relates. 50.3 If the Company initiates any tender offer in accordance with Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act in connection with a proposed Business Combination, it shall file tender offer documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission prior to completing such Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about such Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act. If, alternatively, the Company holds a general meeting to approve a proposed Business Combination, the Company will conduct any redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and file proxy materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 50.4 At a general meeting called for the purposes of approving a Business Combination pursuant to this Article, in the event that such Business Combination is approved by Ordinary Resolution, the Company shall be authorised to consummate such Business Combination, provided that the Company shall not consummate such Business Combination unless the Company has net tangible assets of at least US 5,000,001 immediately prior to, or upon such consummation of, or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to, such Business Combination. 50.5 Any Member holding Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director may, at least two business days prior to any vote on a Business Combination, elect to have their Public Shares redeemed for cash, in accordance with any applicable requirements provided for in the related proxy materials (the IPO Redemption ), provided that no such Member acting together with any Affiliate of his or any other person with whom he is acting in concert or as a partnership, limited partnership, syndicate, or other group for the purposes of acquiring, holding, or disposing of Shares may exercise this redemption right with respect to more than 15 per cent of the Public Shares in the aggregate without the prior consent of the Company and provided further that any beneficial holder of Public Shares on whose behalf a redemption right is being exercised must identify itself to the Company in connection with any redemption election in order to validly 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

redeem such Public Shares. If so demanded, the Company shall pay any such redeeming Member, regardless of whether he is voting for or against such proposed Business Combination, a per-Share redemption price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account (such interest shall be net of taxes payable) and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then issued Public Shares (such redemption price being referred to herein as the Redemption Price ), but only in the event that the applicable proposed Business Combination is approved and in connection with its consummation. The Company shall not redeem Public Shares that would cause the Company s net tangible assets to be less than US 5,000,001 following such redemptions (the Redemption Limitation ). 50.6 A Member may not withdraw a Redemption Notice once submitted to the Company unless the Directors determine (in their sole discretion) to permit the withdrawal of such redemption request (which they may do in whole or in part) including any circumstances in which the Directors may determine that a Redemption Notice may be withdrawn as disclosed in any prospectus or proxy statement materials from time to time. 50.7 In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination by 18 months (or up to 24 months if such date is extended pursuant to a shareholder vote to amend these Articles) from the consummation of the IPO, or such later time as the Members may approve in accordance with the Articles, the Company shall: (a) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (b) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company (less taxes payable and up to US 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then Public Shares in issue, which redemption will completely extinguish public Members rights as Members (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (c) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining Members and the Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of Applicable Law. 50.8 In the event that any amendment is made to the Articles: 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

(a) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination or redeem 100 per cent of the Public Shares if the Company does not consummate a Business Combination within 18 months (or up to 24 months if such date is extended pursuant to a shareholder vote to amend these Articles) from the consummation of the IPO; or (b) with respect to any other provision relating to Members rights or pre-Business Combination activity, each holder of Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director shall be provided with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon the approval or effectiveness of any such amendment at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. The Company s ability to provide such redemption in this Article is subject to the Redemption Limitation. 50.9 A holder of Public Shares shall be entitled to receive distributions from the Trust Account only in the event of an IPO Redemption, a repurchase of Shares by means of a tender offer pursuant to this Article, or a distribution of the Trust Account pursuant to this Article. In no other circumstance shall a holder of Public Shares have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account. 50.10 After the issue of Public Shares, and prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company shall not issue additional Shares or any other securities that would entitle the holders thereof to: (a) receive funds from the Trust Account; (b) vote as a class with Public Shares on a Business Combination. 50.11 A Director may vote in respect of a Business Combination in which such Director has a conflict of interest with respect to the evaluation of such Business Combination. Such Director must disclose such interest or conflict to the other Directors. 50.12 As long as the securities of the Company are listed on the Nasdaq Global Market, the Company must complete one or more Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 per cent of the assets held in the Trust Account (net of amounts previously disbursed to the Company s management for taxes and excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in the Trust Account) at the time of the Company s signing a definitive agreement in connection with a Business Combination. A Business Combination must not be effectuated with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

50.13 The Company may enter into a Business Combination with a target business that is Affiliated with the Sponsor, a Founder, a Director or an Officer. In the event the Company seeks to consummate a Business Combination with a target that is Affiliated with the Sponsor, a Founder, a Director or an Officer, the Company, or a committee of Independent Directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another valuation or appraisal firm that regularly renders fairness opinions on the type of target business the Company is seeking to acquire that is a member of the United States Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or an independent accounting firm that such a Business Combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view. 51 Business Opportunities 51.1 To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, no individual serving as a Director or an Officer Management shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as the Company. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for Management, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other. Except to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, Management shall have no duty to communicate or offer any such corporate opportunity to the Company and shall not be liable to the Company or its Members for breach of any fiduciary duty as a Member, Director and/or Officer solely by reason of the fact that such party pursues or acquires such corporate opportunity for itself, himself or herself, directs such corporate opportunity to another person, or does not communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to the Company. 51.2 Except as provided elsewhere in this Article, the Company hereby renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for both the Company and Management, about which a Director and/or Officer who is also a member of Management acquires knowledge. 51.3 To the extent a court might hold that the conduct of any activity related to a corporate opportunity that is renounced in this Article to be a breach of duty to the Company or its Members, the Company hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, any and all claims and causes of action that the Company may have for such activities. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the provisions of this Article apply equally to activities conducted in the future and that have been conducted in the past. 52 Exclusive Forum and Jurisdiction To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

52.1 Unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the courts of the Cayman Islands shall be the sole and exclusive forum for: (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company; (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by, or otherwise wrongdoing by, any director, member, officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Members; (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Statute, the Memorandum, or the Articles (as each may be amended from time to time); (d) any action to interpret, apply, enforce, or determine the validity of the Memorandum or the Articles (as either may be amended from time to time); or (e) any action asserting a claim implicating the internal affairs of the Company (as such concept is recognised under the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to choice of law principles). 52.2 Each Member irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Cayman Islands over all such claims or disputes enumerated in Article 52.1. 52.3 For the avoidance of doubt, Article 52.1 shall not apply to any direct action brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 52.4 Unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. 52.5 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in any security of the Company shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article 52. Without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that the Company may have, each Member acknowledges that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the selection of the courts specified in this Article 52 as exclusive forums and that accordingly the Company shall be entitled, without proof of special damages, to the remedies of injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of the selection of the courts specified in this Article 52 as exclusive forums. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 377773 Filed: 14-Oct-2021 14:39 EST Auth Code: H42901218799 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 peplu-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Ramzi Haidamus, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PepperLime Health Acquisition Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) [Omitted]; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 28, 2023 /s/ Ramzi Haidamus Ramzi Haidamus Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 peplu-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Eran Pilovsky, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PepperLime Health Acquisition Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) [Omitted]; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 28, 2023 /s/ Eran Pilovsky Eran Pilovsky Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 peplu-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of PepperLime Health Acquisition Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: March 28, 2023 /s/ Ramzi Haidamus Ramzi Haidamus Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 peplu-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of PepperLime Health Acquisition Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: March 28, 2023 /s/ Eran Pilovsky Eran Pilovsky Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 peplu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 peplu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 peplu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 peplu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

