<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1360565_0001493152-23-005851.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6925001</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>182937</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1103539</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2165900</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1356946</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1904949</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-005851.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223131111
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-005851
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Where Food Comes From, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001360565
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				431802805
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40314
		FILM NUMBER:		23658491

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		202 6TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			CASTLE ROCK
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(303) 895-3002

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		202 6TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			CASTLE ROCK
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Integrated Management Information, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060425

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-005851.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ____________ to _____________ 

Commission
File No. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
Employer Identification No.) 

, 

 , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

(Title
of Class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer: 
 
 Accelerated filer: 

: 
 
 Smaller reporting company: 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicated
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7252(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes

The
aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, the last business day of our most
recently completed second fiscal quarter, was , based on the closing stock price on June 30, 2022 of 10.80. 

The
number of shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.001 par value per share, outstanding as of February 17, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 
 ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 3 
 
 ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 10 
 
 ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 17 
 
 ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 17 
 
 ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 17 
 
 ITEM
 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 17 
 
 PART II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 18 
 
 ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 19 
 
 ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 27 
 
 ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 28 
 
 ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 61 
 
 ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 61 
 
 ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 61 
 
 ITEM
 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 61 
 
 PART III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 62 
 
 ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 62 
 
 ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 62 
 
 ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 62 
 
 ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 62 
 
 ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 63 
 
 ITEM
 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 64 

SIGNATURES 
 65 

2 

PART
I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

GENERAL 

Where
Food Comes From, Inc. and its subsidiaries WFCF, the Company, our, we, or us is a leading trusted resource for third-party verification of food production practices in North America. The Company estimates that
is supports more than approximately 17,500 farmers, ranchers, vineyards, wineries, processors, retailers, distributors, trade associations,
consumer brands, chefs and restaurants with a wide variety of value-added services provided through its family of verifiers, including
IMI Global IMI ), Where Food Comes From Organic WFCFO - previously International Certification Services
and A Bee Organic), and Validus Verification Services Validus ). In order to have credibility, product claims such as gluten-free,
non-GMO, non-hormone treated, humane handling, and others require verification by an independent third-party such as WFCF. The Company s
principal business is conducting both on-site and desk audits to verify that claims being made about livestock, aquaculture, crops and
other food products are accurate. 

Through
SureHarvest Services LLC SureHarvest and Postelsia Holdings, Ltd. Postelsia ), we primarily provide a wide
range of professional services and technology solutions that generate incremental revenue specific to the food and agricultural industry
and drive sustainable value creation. 

Finally,
the Company s Where Food Comes From Source Verified retail and restaurant labeling program utilizes the verification of product
attributes to connect consumers directly to the source of the food they purchase through product labeling and web-based information sharing
and education. With the use of Quick Response Code QR technology, consumers can instantly access information about the
producers behind their food. 

WFCF
was founded in 1996 and incorporated in the state of Colorado as a subchapter C corporation in 2006. The Company s shares of common
stock trade on the NASDAQ Capital Market NASDAQ ), under the stock ticker symbol, WFCF. 

The
Company s original name Integrated Management Information, Inc. (d.b.a. IMI Global) was changed to Where Food Comes
From, Inc. in 2012 to better reflect the Company s mission. Early growth was attributable to source and age verification services
for beef producers that wanted access to markets overseas following the discovery of mad cow disease in the U.S. Over the
years, WFCF has expanded its portfolio to include verification and software services for most food groups and over 50 programs and organizations.
This growth has been achieved both organically and through the acquisition of other companies. 

BUSINESS
OVERVIEW 

What
We Do 

The
Company is one of the nation s largest independent, third-party traceability and verification providers. We use rigorous
verification processes on food production processes to ensure that claims made by food producers and processors are accurate. We
care about food and other agricultural products, how it is grown and raised, the quality of what we eat, what farmers and ranchers
do, and authentically telling that story to the consumer. Our team visits farms and ranches and looks at their plants, animals, and
records, and compares the information we collect to specific standards or claims that farms and ranches want to make about how they
are producing food. Our customers include top-tier players in the food and wine space. 

3 

The
Company also provides a wide range of professional consulting services and technology solutions that generate incremental revenue specific
to the food and agricultural industry and drive sustainable value creation. 

The
Company s business benefits from growing demand by consumers, retailers and government for increased transparency into food production
practices. 

Consumers:
 Due to concerns about social responsibility and sustainability, food safety, and an overall increase in health consciousness, consumers
are demanding more information about the food they purchase. 

Retailers:
 Responding to consumer demands for increased transparency as well as to the negative impact food scandals have on their bottom lines,
retailers are requiring their suppliers to adhere to more stringent traceability and verification of product claims. 

Government
Regulation: Regulations including the U.S. Department of Agriculture s Animal Disease Traceability program, international export
requirements, non-GMO and gluten-free testing requirements, and ingredient labeling regulations are all impacting product verification. 

Growth
Strategy 

Due
to organic growth in our portfolio of auditing standards, consumer demand and acquisitions, our sales have grown rapidly from 1.1 million
in 2006 to 24.8 million in 2022, a 17-year compounded annual growth rate CAGR of approximately 20 . 

Our
growth strategy is as follows: 

To
 cover more food groups than any other verification provider. Currently we verify beef, lamb, pork, poultry, seafood, dairy, eggs,
 fresh produce, nuts and grains, wine and finished products. In the future, we hope to further expand our scope within beverages,
 seafood and other produce. 

To
 offer solutions for all participants in the food supply chain, including feed and input ingredient providers, farmers, producers,
 packers, auction barns, processors, handlers, distributors, restaurants, retailers and consumers. 

To
 expand on the industry s largest solutions portfolio. We currently are verifying or certifying to more than 50 certification
 standards or guidelines. To our knowledge, that is the most in the industry. 

To
 continue organic growth. We leverage our bundling capability to aggressively pursue new customers, while sustaining our recurring
 revenue model and high retention rates. 

To
 continue growth through merger and acquisition opportunities. Through selective acquisitions, we can expand our footprint by adding
 new customers, services, food groups and revenue streams. 

INDUSTRY
BACKGROUND 

The
value-added food industry has been growing rapidly for the past several years in response to increased consumer interest about social
responsibility, sustainability and food safety production practices. We continue to see a growing interest from consumers regarding how
their food is produced. We are in an increasingly global food market with food products traveling around the world, and brands differentiating
themselves in the market. These key drivers are increasing the number of food labeling claims made on food products. 

Natural
and/or organic are examples of food labels that indicate that the food or other agricultural product has been produced in a certain way.
Natural and organic sales are only part of the story of how consumers look for the verification of practices tied to food labeling claims.
Other factors are also becoming increasingly more important to consumers, evidenced on menus and product labels. While not an exhaustive
list, some of the issues that farms, ranches, producers, processors, restaurants and retailers are addressing include how animals are
cared for and handled, how a product s production impacts the environment and societies, and what inputs were used in the production
of food items (like antibiotics). 

4 

As
consumers want more assurance about the trustworthiness of labeling claims, there is a growing trend for verification of practices around
sustainability. As the agriculture, livestock and food industries continue to mature and expand internationally, there is an increasing
need to record, manage, report and verify information regarding the source, age, genetic background, animal husbandry, environmental
stewardship, practices surrounding the people and community, and other credence attributes. We believe verification of labeling claims
by an independent third-party can meet consumer demands and expectations. Third-party verification also benefits producers, processors,
distributors, restaurants, and retailers by addressing marketplace differentiation and global competitiveness. 

Current
Marketplace Opportunities 

Because
of growing demand for increased transparency into food production practices, we believe there are three main market drivers to promote
forward momentum for our business: 

Market
Driver #1 - Consumer awareness and expectations 

Per
 Steve Stouffer, group president of Tyson Fresh Meats, We recognize the importance of sustainable beef production practices
 that take care of people, the planet and animals. Our goal is to work with ranchers to verify (via a third-party) and, when possible,
 improve those practices so that we can be transparent with our customers and consumers about how cattle in our supply chain are raised. 

Per
 Priya Khan, Founder and CEO of Nutrigold, concerned consumers often wonder if the claims on product labels are actually true.
 They want to buy healthy, environmentally-friendly products and often pay a premium to do so. It is difficult to know what companies
 you can trust, and hard to tell what you are really getting when you buy. Something an increasing number of companies do to add transparency
 is use third-party verification, so consumers can buy with confidence. 

Per
 the Organic Global Food Market Report 2022, the global organic food market is expected to grow from 227.19 billion in 2021 to 259.06
 billion in 2022 at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 14.0 . The market is expected to grow to 437.36 billion in 2026 at a
 compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 14.0 . Major players in the market include General Mills Inc., Nestle, Cargill, Inc., Danone,
 United Natural Foods Inc. and Amy s Kitchen. Increasing health concerns due to the growing number of chemical poisoning cases
 globally is acting as a driver in the organic food market. This is causing consumers to shift their focus towards organic food products. 

Market
Driver #2 - Global competitiveness and risk mitigation among producers, restaurants, and retailers 

Per
 Managing Business Risk in the Food and Beverage Industry, prepared by Cambashi,
 Inc., To compete, midsize companies across the industry have stepped up research and
 development (R D) to improve on and leverage existing brands and product lines for new
 applications, markets, and regions. The way people eat and what they eat around the globe
 continually changes, and this is driving co-ops and processors to research and develop new
 types of packaging, a wider variety of flavors, partially prepared options, and facilities
 dedicated to organic, allergy-free, or kosher foods. To support these shifts, companies are
 building or expanding facilities with state-of-the-art technologies and systems for development,
 testing, processing, and packaging. We can assist companies by providing third party
 verification and other technology solutions to help companies compete on brand innovation. 

5 

Per
 the May 2020 blog post from CompareEthics.com, independent, third-party testing and
 certification benefits brands in many ways. Firstly, verification showcases compliance with
 national or international standards and regulations. Consumers and brand competitors should
 have no reason to be suspicious of your business. Verification also demonstrates a commitment
 to safety and quality. This is key for customer retention. Verifying a product also increases
 credibility, trust and acceptance with retailers, consumers, and other regulators. This essentially
 strengthens your business case and future proofs your company. Obviously brands themselves
 also benefit from enhanced product quality and minimize risks, losses, and negative press
 by verifying each product. 

Producers,
 restaurant chains and retailers with dominant market shares and large buying power, like
 Dannon, Tyson, McDonald s, Chick-Fil-A, Costco, and Wal-Mart, are leading the way in
 prioritizing sustainable food supply initiatives in response to consumer demands. With information
 literally at our fingertips, Google searches and smart phone apps are making it easier to
 expose where sustainable food supply chains are, and where they are not. We believe our technology
 will play a key role in capturing data to improve processes, yields and communicate our customer s
 values, practices and other initiatives to consumers. 

Producers,
 packers, distributors and retailers understand that verification, identification and traceability
 are key competitive differentiators. Oftentimes, it is necessary for export into international
 markets, including Korea, Russia, China and the European Union. 

Market
Driver #3 - Government regulation 

On
 July 15, 2019 the European Council approved an agreement to establish a duty-free tariff
 rate quote (TRQ) exclusively for the United States for High Quality Beef HQB ).
 HQB includes a restriction on hormones and must be third party verified. Under the agreement,
 US ranchers are guaranteed an increasingly larger share of Europe s beef market annually,
 with annual duty-free exports. The annual quota will increase from 18,500 metric tons beginning
 in 2020, growing annually, then stabilizing at 35,000 metric tons in 2026 and beyond. For
 2023, American ranchers have a TRQ of 27,800 metric tons annually, compared to 17,200 metric
 tons annually for all other eligible countries. We believe the EU quota will continue to
 fuel demand for non-hormone treated cattle NHTC ). 

Effective
 February 19, 2019, the USDA released a rule establishing the new national mandatory bioengineered
 (BE) food disclosure standard (NBFDS or Standard). The Standard requires food manufacturers,
 importers, and other entities that label foods for retail sale to disclose information about
 BE food and BE food ingredients. As of January 1, 2022, all food manufacturers must comply
 with the Standard. Our work as a Technical Administrator for the Non-GMO Project enables
 brands to have confidence that their products will align with the Standard. 

The
 Animal Disease Traceability ADT Rule promulgated by the USDA primarily covers
 beef cattle 18 months of age or older. Under the final rule, unless specifically exempted,
 livestock moved interstate must be officially identified and accompanied by an interstate
 certificate of veterinary inspection or other documentation, such as owner-shipper statements
 or brand certificates. Although animal disease traceability does not prevent disease, an
 efficient and accurate traceability system reduces the number of animals and response time
 involved in a disease investigation. Our traceability solutions and EID tags can track animals
 from birth to slaughter using technology that offers a comprehensive solution that meets
 and/or exceeds the USDA s ADT Rule. 

Pressure
 from financial markets has also been growing. Investment managers such as BlackRock, as well
 as financial regulators including the Securities and Exchange Commissions and the U.S. Federal
 Reserve, are pushing companies to disclose sustainability metrics such as emissions across
 their supply chains and draw up plans to decarbonize their operations. We believe our solutions
 and expertise within the agrifood supply chain can assist companies in pursuing and reporting
 their sustainability strategies. 

6 

REVENUES

We
offer a wide array of services, including verification, certification, consulting and software as a service SaaS ), to
help food producers, brands and consumers differentiate certain attributes and production methods in the marketplace. We sell our services
directly to customers at various levels in the agriculture, food and livestock supply chain. Most of our service offerings can be bundled
to provide a one-stop shop for customers that have multiple levels of verification and certification needs, such as source
verification and food safety certification. Our customers include some of the largest U.S. beef and pork packers, organic producers and
processors, and specialty retail chains. No single customer generated more than 10 of the Company s consolidated revenue in 2022
or 2021. 

With
each acquisition, we assess the need to disclose discrete information related to our operating segments. Because of the similarities
of certain of our acquisitions that provide certification and verification services, we aggregate operations into one verification and
certification reportable segment. The operating segments included in the aggregated verification and certification segment include IMI
Global, WFCFO and Validus. The factors considered in determining this aggregated reporting segment include the economic similarity of
the businesses, the nature of services provided, production processes, types of customers and distribution methods. 

The
Company also determined that it has a software and related consulting reportable segment. SureHarvest, which includes Postelsia, is the
sole operating unit under the software and related consulting reportable segment. This segment includes a wide range of professional
consulting services and technology solutions that generate incremental revenue specific to the food and agricultural industry and drive
sustainable value creation. 

The
Company s chief operating decision maker (the Company s CEO) allocates resources and assesses the performance of its operating
segments. Segment management makes decisions, measures performance, and manages the business utilizing internal operating segment information.
Performance of operating segments are based on net sales, gross profit, selling, general and administrative expenses and most importantly,
operating income. 

Verification
and Certification Segment 

Our
verification and certification service revenues consist of fees charged for verification audits and other verification and certification
related services that the Company performs for customers. We include fees earned from our WFCF labeling program and consulting/program
development services in our verification and certification revenues due to the immateriality of the revenue stream and because it represents
a value-added extension of our source verification. We are recognized and utilized by numerous standard-setting bodies as an accredited
verification or certification service provider. We enable food producers and brands to make certain claims on live animals or packaged
food products by verifying that they are meeting the standards or guidelines associated with the claim(s) they are making. For the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our third-party verification programs provided 70.9 and 73.2 of our total revenue, respectively. 

Our
product sales are an ancillary part of our verification and certification services and represent sales of cattle identification ear tags.
Our product sales allow us to offer our customers a comprehensive solution. Approximately 17.6 and 17.5 of our total revenue was generated
by the sale of product during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

We
historically purchased most of our electronic identification EID tags from one significant supplier and sourced the remainder
of our EID tags from alternate smaller suppliers. In late 2021, we were informed by our key tag supplier that materials were becoming
scarcer and their ability to meet our need was becoming more difficult. Accordingly, we identified multiple players in the market and
contracted with all tag suppliers thereby changing the market dynamics. It has given us a strategic advantage, effectively minimizing
our concentration risk. We also worked with all our tag suppliers to build our inventory by purchasing excess supply. 

7 

Software
and Related Consulting Segment 

Software
and related consulting includes a wide range of professional consulting services and technology solutions that support our verification
business and generate incremental revenue specific to the food and agricultural industry. 

MARKETING 

Our
marketing strategy includes direct marketing, advertising, event sponsorship, and trade show participation. From a public relations perspective,
members of our staff are frequently quoted in industry trade journals and requested as speakers at various industry events as subject
matter experts on the topics of animal identification, traceability, branding, third-party verification and certification, and the USDA
verification programs. 

In
order to reach additional customers, we continually develop strategic marketing partnerships with leading companies in the industry with
complementary abilities and products. We do not currently rely on any third-party contracts with distributors, licensors or manufacturers
in conducting our business. 

We
also use social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter to help promote our business, market our product offerings, and connect consumers
with current topics in the agriculture, livestock and food industries. 

COMPETITION

The
competition for third-party verification services in the food and agriculture industry is growing more intense, especially within the
organic market. As of December 31, 2022, we estimate that there are approximately eight key competitors serving the food and agricultural
industry, including Quality Assurance International, California Certified Organic Farmers, Oregon Tilth, Organic Crop Improvement Association,
Earth Claims, FoodChain ID, NSF International, SGS and SCS Global Services. Differentiation hinges upon understanding all facets of food
verification and the complex compliance challenges to make product verifications efficient, cost-effective, and seamless. Our core business
and expertise focus on the on farm verifications to a variety of standards, guidelines and criteria, including source verification,
natural, animal care and well-being, and sustainability verification. 

SEASONALITY 

Our
business is subject to seasonal fluctuations. Significant portions of our verification and certification service revenue is typically
realized during late May through early October when the calf marketings and the growing seasons are at their peak. Because of the seasonality
of the business and our industry, results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for any
other quarter or for the full fiscal year. 

INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY 

We
create, own and maintain a variety of intellectual property assets that we believe are among our most valuable assets. Our intellectual
property assets include patents and patent applications related to our innovations, products and services, trademarks related to our
brands, products and services, and other property rights. We also have licensing arrangements when features from our programs are desirable
to incorporate into either a new or an existing technology we offer. We seek to protect our intellectual property right assets through
patent, copyright, trade secret, trademark and other laws of the United States and other countries, and through contractual provisions.
Additional information regarding certain risks related to our intellectual property is included in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors 
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

8 

EMPLOYEES 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 93 total employees, of which 88 were full-time employees. Approximately 78 of our workforce is comprised
of female and other minority employees. Our future success is substantially dependent upon the performance of our key senior management
personnel, as well as our ability to attract and retain highly qualified technical personnel. Additional information regarding certain
risks related to our employees is included in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

AVAILABLE
INFORMATION 

Our
corporate website is located at www.wherefoodcomesfrom.com. We make available free of charge on our investor relations website under
 SEC Filings our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments
to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such materials to the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Further, a copy of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is located at the SEC s Public
Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Information on the operation of the Public Reference Room can
be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements
and other information regarding our filings at http://www.sec.gov . 

INFORMATION
ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

John
Saunders , 51, founded the Company in 1998 and has served as the Chief Executive Officer since then.
Mr. Saunders is also the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company and has served in this position since 1998. Previously, Mr.
Saunders was a partner and consultant for Pathfinder Consulting Services, Inc. in Parker, Colorado. An expert in both technology and
the livestock industry, Mr. Saunders is a graduate of Yale University. 

Leann
Saunders , 52, began working for the Company in 2003 and has been the President of the Company since
2008. Mrs. Saunders is also a Director on our Board of Directors and has served in this position since January 2012. Prior to 2003, Mrs.
Saunders worked for PM Beef Holdings PM ), an integrated beef company, and developed a supply system for PM s Ranch
to Retail product line and managed PM s USDA Process Verified program. She then served as the company s Vice President of
Marketing and Communications. Prior to joining PM in 1996, Mrs. Saunders worked for McDonald s Corporation as a Purchasing Specialist,
and Hudson Foods Corporation. Mrs. Saunders graduated with a B.S. in Agriculture Business and an M.S. in Beef Industry Leadership from
Colorado State University. Mrs. Saunders currently sits on the Colorado State University Agriculture Dean s Advisory Board, the
University of Nebraska s Engler Agribusiness Entrepreneurship Program Advisory Board, the Board of Directors for the International
Stockmen s Education Foundation and was the Chair for the United States Meat Export Federation for the 2015-2016 year. 

Dannette
Henning , 53, has been the Chief Financial Officer of the Company since January 2008. Prior to her
appointment, she was engaged by the Company as a consultant beginning in November 2007. From 2004 to 2007, Mrs. Henning was the Corporate
Controller for Einstein Noah Restaurant Group. From 2001 to 2003, she served as the Controller for Vari-L Company. Mrs. Henning s
previous experience includes financial management positions with KPMG Peat Marwick, DF R Restaurant Company, and CSI/CDC Company.
Mrs. Henning is a Certified Public Accountant with more than 30 years of professional experience. She received a B.B.A. degree in Accounting
from the University of Texas at Arlington. 

9 

Jason
Franco , 46, has been the Chief Technology Officer of the Company since August 2021. Previously,
Mr. Franco served as Senior Vice President of Technology since September 2018 when WFCF acquired JVF Consulting, LLC, the consulting
firm Mr. Franco founded in 2004 serving as President. From 2000 to 2004, Mr. Franco worked as a technical application consultant and
integration specialist with Peoplesoft / Oracle. He began his career in 1998 as a software developer with John Deere Special Technologies
Group, where he specialized in traceability applications. He received his B.S. degree in Computer Science from the University of the
Pacific in Stockton, CA. 

Family
Relationships 

John
Saunders, our CEO and Chairman of the Board, is married to Leann Saunders, our President. Both Mr. and Mrs. Saunders serve on our Board
of Directors. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

In
addition to the other information included in this report and our other public filings and releases, the following factors should be
considered when evaluating our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects: 

We
are in a period of increasing inflation and economic uncertainty 

The
economy is facing inflationary pressures which has resulted in a few challenges for our business, most notably in the form of a tight
labor market where job candidates have considerable bargaining power which has driven wages up. Additionally, we are experiencing higher
labor and benefit related costs to retain our existing personnel. We believe we will continue to see significant pressure in our labor
and benefit related costs which impacts both our gross margins and net income. 

We
also continue to monitor for weakened demand in our software and related consulting business segment due to significant customer concentration.
Increased inflation could place pressure on our customers timing of approval for consulting projects to move forward. Currently,
it is difficult to estimate the financial impact to our software and related consulting revenue, if any. We actively market our sustainability
solutions and services to new types of customers. We believe the growing awareness of environmental, social and governance ESG matters creates a key opportunity for us because we have the expertise and technology needed to help companies achieve ESG objectives
within the food supply chain. 

We
face risks due to changing weather patterns and other environmental factors 

Over
the past several years, changing weather patterns and climatic conditions have added to the unpredictability and frequency of natural
disasters, such as drought, hailstorms, wildfires and wind, snow and ice storms. Any such extreme weather condition can
negatively impact a significant portion of our customers who produce food (including all major species of animal-based protein or edible
plant variety) in various regions. For example, the drought conditions that impacted nearly one-half of the United States in the first
half of 2022 predominately affected our ranch customers resulting in fewer cattle subject to verification. While this example doesn t
directly affect our audit related revenue, it does impact our product sales and other related supply chain fees due to smaller herd sizes.
 We cannot anticipate changes in
weather patterns/conditions, and we cannot predict their impact on our customer s operations if they were to occur. 

If
the operating results of our customers are impaired, the financial resources of our customers may limit purchases of our verification
solutions and consulting services. Therefore, our ability to generate revenue is subject to the risks and uncertainties relating to the
financial condition of our customers. 

10 

We
operate in a competitive industry with a limited market characterized by changing technology, frequent introductions of new service offerings,
service enhancements, and evolving industry standards. 

We
compete with many other vendors of products and services designed for tracking cattle and other livestock, for herd management, for crop
production practices and other verification of marketing claims over processed foods. Our competitors range from small start-up companies
to multi-national firms. Our competitors may have significantly more financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. Competition
is likely to intensify as current competitors expand their service offerings and as new companies enter the market. Additionally, competition
may intensify as our competitors enter into business combinations or alliances, and established companies in other market segments expand
to become competitive with our business. Increasing competition may result in reduced margins and the loss of market share. Our competitors
may offer broader service offerings or technologies that are more commercially attractive and gain greater market acceptance than our
current or future products. Additionally, new technology may render our products and services obsolete. 

The
success of our business model depends on the broad acceptance of our technologies into markets that are continuing to develop as a result
of the increasing focus on food safety and assurance. 

We
are currently benefiting from a slow but growing movement among the agriculture, livestock and food industries to source and/or age verify
products, and bundle with other marketing claims such as non-genetically modified foods and beverages. This emerging trend is fueled
in part by consumers focus on food safety and assurance. However, we can offer no assurances that there will be market acceptance
of our technologies. Furthermore, some of our primary target segments within the agriculture, livestock and food industries are experiencing
unpredictable economic conditions and are expected to continue to struggle with supply, trade and profitability issues in the near term.
Although we believe that our products, if adopted on a wide-scale basis, would have a significant impact on improving the safety, quality
and confidence in the world s food supply, our customers for these products historically have been very slow to change and reluctant
to adopt new technologies and business practices. 

We
face risks of rapidly changing regulations which may negatively impact our programs. 

Regulations
and standards are continually evolving and present a challenging risk. For example, in January 2013, the Japanese government announced
a change to its import requirements on U.S. beef. Because the change enabled a significant increase in the amount of product qualifying
for export to Japan, it negatively impacted the premiums typically seen in the marketplace for source and age verified cattle. In March
2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of novel coronavirus disease COVID-19 as a pandemic which negatively
impacted certain aspects of our business due to government-mandated closures and social distancing
measures. Due to our commitment to innovation, diversification of our product offerings, and our strategy of managing profitability,
we believe we can quickly minimize the impact of any adverse changes in regulations or verification standards. While we attempt to mitigate
these risks, we can give no assurance that we will be successful in overcoming the potential negative impact to the results of our operations. 

Increased
scrutiny and changing expectations from stakeholders with respect to the Company s ESG practices may result in additional costs
or risks. 

Companies
across many industries are facing increasing scrutiny related to their environmental, social and governance (ESG) practices. Investor
advocacy groups, certain institutional investors, investment funds and other influential investors are also increasingly focused on ESG
practices and in recent years have placed increasing importance on the non-financial impacts of their investments. We take social responsibility
very seriously. It s the entire reason we spend day in and day out helping farmers, ranchers and brands around the world provide
transparency to their consumers by communicating authentic, sustainable and traceable stories that directly impact our future. However,
if our ESG practices do not meet investor or other industry stakeholder expectations, which continue to evolve, we may incur additional
costs. Also, our brand, ability to attract and retain qualified employees and business may be harmed. 

We
face risks that highly contagious diseases or viral outbreaks may negatively impact the source of product we are able to verify and/or
impact the efficiency in which we conduct ongoing business operations. 

Today,
infectious disease and viral outbreaks appear to be emerging more quickly than ever. For example, Porcine Epidemic Diarrhea Virus (PEDv)
negatively impacted the pork/sow industry in 2014 and Highly Pathogenic Avian Influenza, more commonly known as Bird Flu, impacted poultry
operations in 2016 and continues to impact poultry operations today in 2022/2023. In March 2020, the Global Health Organization declared
the outbreak of the Corona Virus as a pandemic in human populations. Contagious diseases or viral outbreaks create increased bio-exclusion
and social distancing considerations in our business. 

11 

These
diseases and viral outbreaks frequently impact our business resulting in some customers requesting postponement of onsite visits. We
work closely with our customers and standard setting bodies to identify innovative solutions and reschedule onsite visits as timely as
possible. We also closely monitor the situation and react accordingly to any future restrictions or limitations, while keeping the interests
of our customers, employees, and business operations in mind. 

We
have created innovative solutions that mitigate the risk of transferring disease but due to uncertainty in the severity and duration
of various diseases and viral outbreaks, we can give no assurance that we will be successful in overcoming the impact to our business
operations, employees, customers, and suppliers which could negatively impact our business revenues, profitability and financial condition. 

In
the event that market demand for third-party verified products declines, our customers may not be able to generate sufficient revenues
to justify the purchase of our verification solutions and consulting services. 

Public
attitudes towards food production practices may be influenced by claims that these products are unsafe for consumption or pose unknown
health risks. For example, decreased demand for beef and other livestock products could have a material adverse effect on the operating
results and financial condition of our existing or prospective customers. If operating results of our customers are impaired, the resources
that our customers can devote to building information systems for tracking cattle and other livestock and herd management are reduced,
which in turn may limit purchases of our verification solutions and consulting services. Therefore, our ability to generate revenue is
subject to the risks and uncertainties relating to the financial condition of our customers. 

We
look for opportunities to expand our presence in international markets in which we may have limited experience, and inherently international
operations are subject to increased risks which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

We
continually seek to expand our product and service offerings in international markets. As we expand into new international markets, we
will have only limited experience in marketing and operating our products and services in such markets. In other instances, we may rely
on the efforts and abilities of foreign business partners in such markets. Certain international markets may develop more slowly than
do domestic markets, and our operations in international markets may not develop at a rate that supports our level of investment. 

In
addition to uncertainty about our ability to expand into international markets, there are certain risks inherent in doing business internationally,
including, but not limited to: 

trade
 barriers and changes in trade regulations; 

difficulties
 in developing, staffing and simultaneously managing varying foreign operations as a result of distance, language and cultural differences;

differing
 local labor laws and regulations; 

longer
 payment cycles; 

currency
 exchange rate fluctuations; 

political
 or social unrest or economic instability; 

import
 or export restrictions; 

seasonal
 volatility in business activity; 

risks
 related to government regulation or required compliance with local laws in certain jurisdictions, including those more fully described
 above; and 

potentially
 adverse tax consequences. 

One
or more of these factors could harm our future international operations and consequently could harm our brand, business, operating results
and financial condition. 

12 

Our
business could suffer if we are unsuccessful in making, integrating, and maintaining our acquisitions and investments. 

We
have acquired and invested in a number of companies, and we may acquire or invest in or enter into joint ventures with additional companies.
These transactions create risks such as: 

disruption
 of our ongoing business, including loss of management focus on existing businesses; 

problems
 retaining key personnel; 

additional
 operating losses and expenses of the businesses we acquired or in which we invested; 

the
 potential impairment of tangible and intangible assets and goodwill, including those that are a result of acquisitions; 

the
 potential impairment of customer and other relationships of the company we acquired or in which we invested or our own customers
 as a result of any integration of operations; 

the
 difficulty of incorporating acquired technology and rights into our offerings and unanticipated expenses related to such integration; 

the
 difficulty of integrating a new company s accounting, financial reporting, management, information and information security,
 human resource, and other administrative systems to permit effective management, and the lack of control if such integration is delayed
 or not implemented; 

for
 investments in which an acquired company s financial performance is incorporated into our financial results, either in full
 or in part, the dependence on such company s accounting, financial reporting, and similar systems, controls, and processes; 

the
 difficulty of implementing controls, procedures, and policies appropriate for a public company on our acquired companies; and 

potential
 unknown liabilities associated with a company we acquire or in which we invest. 

As
a result of future acquisitions or mergers, we might need to issue additional equity securities, spend our cash, or incur debt, contingent
liabilities, or amortization expenses related to intangible assets, any of which could reduce our profitability and harm our business.
In addition, valuations supporting our acquisitions and strategic investments could change rapidly given the current global economic
climate. We could determine that such valuations have experienced impairments or other-than-temporary declines in fair value which could
adversely impact our financial results. 

Federal,
state or local laws and regulations, or our failure to comply with such laws and regulations, could increase our expenses and expose
us to legal risks. 

We
are subject to a wide range of general and industry-specific laws and regulations imposed by federal, state and local authorities such
as sales tax, intellectual property infringement, zoning and occupancy matters. In addition, various federal and state laws govern our
relationship with, and other matters pertaining to, our employees, including wage and hour laws, laws governing independent contractor
classifications, requirements to provide meal and rest periods or other benefits, family leave mandates, requirements regarding working
conditions and accommodations to certain employees, citizenship or work authorization and related requirements, insurance and workers 
compensation rules and anti-discrimination laws. We believe that we have complied with these laws and regulations; however, there is
a risk that we will become subject to claims that allege we have failed to do so. Any claim that alleges a failure by us to comply with
any of the foregoing laws and regulations may subject us to fines, penalties, injunctions, litigation and/or potential criminal violations,
which could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and operating results. 

Any
changes to the foregoing laws or regulations or any new laws or regulations that are passed or go into effect may make it more difficult
for us to operate our business and in turn adversely affect our operating results. 

We
may also be subject to audits by various taxing authorities. Similarly, changes in tax laws in any of the multiple jurisdictions in which
we operate, or adverse outcomes from tax audits that we may be subject to in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate, could result
in an unfavorable change in our effective tax rate, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.

13 

Our
future success depends upon our ability to obtain and enforce patents; prevent others from infringing on our patents, trademarks and
other intellectual property rights; and operate without infringing upon the patents and proprietary rights of others. 

We
will be able to protect our intellectual property IP from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent that it
is covered by valid and enforceable patents and trademarks. IP protection generally involves complex legal and factual issues and, therefore,
the enforceability of IP rights cannot be predicted with certainty. Moreover, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary
rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. In the event that IP owned by us does not provide adequate protection,
we may not be able to prevent competitors from offering substantially similar products and services. 

In
the event that third parties claim that our current or future products or services infringe upon their intellectual property, we may
face litigation and be prevented from selling the products and services at issue. Infringement or other claims could be asserted or prosecuted
against us in the future, and it is possible that past or future assertions or prosecutions could harm our business. Litigation either
in defense of our IP rights or in response to infringement claims made by others may be both expensive and time consuming, which in turn
would adversely affect our business. 

A
significant data breach or information technology system disruption could adversely affect our business, financial results, or reputation,
and we may be required to increase our spending on data and system security. 

We
rely heavily on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to manage or support a wide variety of important
business processes and activities throughout our operations. 

Our
information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading
or replacing software, databases or components thereof, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, ransomware
attacks, malware attacks, malicious employees or other insiders, telecommunications failures, human errors or catastrophic events. Hackers,
foreign governments, cyber-terrorists and cyber-criminals, acting individually or in coordinated groups, may launch distributed denial
of service attacks or other coordinated attacks that may cause service outages, gain inappropriate or block legitimate access to systems
or information, or result in other interruptions in our business. In addition, breaches in security could expose us and our customers,
or the individuals affected, to a risk of loss or misuse of proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data, including personal
information of customers, employees and others. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage
systems change frequently, may be difficult to detect for a long time and often are not recognized until launched against a target. As
a result, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventive measures. 

We
also depend on and interact with the information technology networks and systems of third parties for many aspects of our business operations,
including our customers and service providers such as cloud service providers and third-party delivery services. These third parties
may have access to information we maintain about our company, operations, customers, employees and vendors, or operating systems that
are critical to or can significantly impact our business operations. Like us, these third parties are subject to risks imposed by data
breaches and cyber-attacks and other events or actions that could damage, disrupt or close down their networks or systems. Security processes,
protocols and standards that we have implemented and contractual provisions requiring security measures that we may have sought to impose
on such third parties may not be sufficient or effective at preventing such events, which could result in unauthorized access to, or
disruptions or denials of access to, or misuse of, information or systems that are important to our business, including proprietary information,
sensitive or confidential data, and other information about our operations, customers, employees and suppliers, including personal information. 

14 

Any
of these events that impact our information technology networks or systems, or those of acquired businesses, customers, service providers
or other third parties, could result in disruptions in our operations, the loss of existing or potential customers, damage to our brand
and reputation, regulatory scrutiny, and litigation and potential liability for the Company. Among other consequences, our customers 
confidence in our ability to protect data and systems and to provide services consistent with their expectations could be impacted, further
disrupting our operations. Similarly, an actual or alleged failure to comply with applicable U.S. or foreign data protection regulations
or other data protection standards may expose us to litigation, fines, sanctions or other penalties. 

We
have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information technology risk management and disaster recovery
plans. The cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining and enhancing further data or system protection measures could
increase significantly to overcome increasingly intense, complex and sophisticated global cyber threats. Despite our best efforts, we
are not fully insulated from data breaches and system disruptions. There is no assurance that such impacts will not be material in the
future, and our efforts to deter, identify, mitigate and/or eliminate future breaches may require significant additional effort and expense
and may not be successful. 

Our
future success depends to a significant degree upon the continued service of key senior management personnel, in particular, John and
Leann Saunders. 

Both
John and Leann Saunders reputation and prominence in the field provide us with a strong competitive advantage. While they are
currently bound by employment agreements, we can offer no assurance that John and/or Leann Saunders will be able to continue to work
for us in the event of an unforeseen accident, severe injury or major disease, or on a long-term basis. The loss of key personnel could
have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. 

Directors,
executive officers, principal stockholders and affiliated entities beneficially own or control a significant amount of our outstanding
common stock and together meaningfully influence our activities. 

As
of February 17, 2023, John Saunders, our Chairman and CEO, and Leann Saunders, our President, beneficially owned in the aggregate approximately
30.4 of our common stock. The Saunders, together with the rest of our Board, beneficially own approximately 57.7 of our common stock. These
directors and officers, if they determine to vote in the same manner, would have a significant impact on the outcome of any matter requiring
approval by our shareholders, including the election of directors and the approval of mergers or other business combination transactions
or terms of any liquidation. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our
company that may be favored by other shareholders. This could prevent transactions in which shareholders might otherwise recover a premium
for their shares over current market prices. 

We
have not paid any regular cash dividends. 

We
have not declared or paid any regular cash dividends on our common stock since our incorporation. A special cash dividend was paid on
August 16, 2021 to shareholders of record at the close of business on July 27, 2021. Payment of future cash dividends, if any, will be
at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, contractual restrictions,
business prospects and other factors that the Board of Directors considers relevant. In the absence of regular dividends, investors will
only see a return on their investment if the value of our common stock appreciates. 

Future
sales of our securities in the public or private markets could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock and our ability
to continue to raise funds in new stock offerings. 

We
have historically used common stock or securities exercisable or convertible into common stock in order to finance our future growth
plans. Future sales of substantial amounts of our securities in the public or private markets would dilute our existing shareholders
and could adversely affect the trading prices of our common stock and impair our ability to raise capital through future offerings of
securities. Alternatively, we may rely on debt financing and assume debt obligations that require us to make substantial interest and
principal payments that could adversely affect our business and future growth potential. 

15 

Our
common stock has traded in low volumes. We cannot predict whether an active trading market for our common stock will ever develop. 

Historically,
our common stock has experienced a lack of trading liquidity. In the absence of an active trading market: 

an
 investor may have difficulty buying and selling our common stock at all or at the price one considers reasonable; and 

market
 visibility for shares of our common stock may be limited, which may have a depressive effect on the market price for shares of our
 common stock and on our ability to raise capital or make acquisitions by issuing our common stock. 

Price
and volume volatility of our publicly traded securities could adversely affect investors portfolios. 

In
recent months and years, the securities markets in the United States have experienced high levels of price and volume volatility, and
the market prices of securities of many companies have experienced wide fluctuations that have not necessarily been related to the operating
performance or prospects of such companies. It is likely that continual fluctuations in market and share prices will occur. Our shares
of common stock trade on the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC. The price of our common stock has been subject to price and volume volatility in
the past and will likely continue to be subject to such volatility in the future. 

As
a public company, we are subject to complex legal and accounting requirements that require us to incur substantial expenses, and our
financial controls and procedures may not be sufficient to ensure timely and reliable reporting of financial information, which, as a
public company, could materially harm our stock price and listing on the NASDAQ marketplace. 

As
a public company, we are subject to numerous legal and accounting requirements that do not apply to private companies. The cost of compliance
with many of these requirements is substantial, not only in absolute terms but, more importantly, in relation to the overall scope of
the operations of a small company. Failure to comply with these requirements can have numerous adverse consequences, including, but not
limited to, our inability to file required periodic reports on a timely basis, loss of market confidence, delisting of our securities
and/or governmental or private actions against us. We cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with all of these requirements
or that the cost of such compliance will not prove to be a substantial competitive disadvantage as compared with privately held and larger
public competitors. 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal controls
over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. In particular, we must create internal controls and strategies to ensure
those controls are effective at producing accurate financial reports. Our compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley requires that we incur substantial
accounting expenses and expend significant management efforts. The effectiveness of our controls and procedures may in the future be
limited by a variety of factors, including: 

faulty
 human judgment and simple errors, omissions or mistakes; 

fraudulent
 action of an individual or collusion of two or more people; 

inappropriate
 management override of procedures; and 

the
 possibility that any enhancements to controls and procedures may still not be adequate to assure timely and accurate financial information. 

If
we are not able to comply with the requirements of Sarbanes-Oxley in a timely manner, or if we or our independent registered public accounting
firm identifies deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses, we may be subject
to delisting, investigations by the SEC and civil or criminal sanctions. 

16 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

The
Company leases approximately 15,700 square feet of office space for its corporate headquarters. Total rental payments are approximately
 43,800 per month as of December 31, 2022, which includes common area charges, and are subject to annual increases over the term of the
lease. The lease agreement has an initial term of five years plus two renewal periods. The Company has exercised the first renewal period
and is likely to renew for the second renewal period. This space is being leased from a company in which our CEO and President, each
a related party to the Company, have a 24.3 jointly held ownership interest. 

In
September 2017, the Company entered into a lease agreement for our Urbandale, Iowa office space. The lease is for a period of two years
and expired on August 31, 2019. This lease was extended twice (2) for additional 3 year terms, with the current extension terminating
on August 31, 2025. Rental payments are approximately 3,500 per month, which includes common area charges, and are not subject to annual
increases over the term of the lease. 

In
December 2018, the Company entered into a new lease agreement in San Ramon, California for SureHarvest office space. The lease is for
a period of sixty-six months and expires on May 1, 2024. Rental payments are approximately 6,750 per month as of December 31, 2022,
which includes common area charges, and are subject to annual increases over the term of the lease. 

In
June 2021, the Company entered into a new lease agreement in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada for Postelsia office space. The lease
is for a period of two years and expires on May 31, 2023. Rental payments are approximately Canadian 1,850 or US 1,400 per month as
of December 31, 2022, which includes common area charges, and are not subject to annual increases over the term of the lease. 

In
December 2021, the Company sold the 2,300-square foot building located in Medina, North Dakota. In December 2021, the Company entered
into a lease agreement for the Medina, North Dakota office space. The lease is for sixty-one months and expires on December 31, 2026.
Rental payments are approximately 1,000 per month, which includes common area charges, and are not subject to annual increases over
the term of the lease. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various legal actions, administrative proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business.
We generally record losses for claims in excess of the limits of purchased insurance in earnings at the time and to the extent they are
probable and estimable. 

There
are currently no material pending proceedings against the Company. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

17 

PART
II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information for Common Stock 

The
Company s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC under the symbol WFCF. 

Stockholders 

As
of February 16, 2023, we estimate that there were 87 record holders of our common stock. A significant
number of the outstanding shares of common stock which are beneficially owned by individuals and entities are registered in the name
of Cede Co. A nominee of The Depository Trust Company, Cede Co. is a securities depository for banks and brokerage firms. 

Dividends 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, there have been no cash dividends declared or paid. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we declared
a special cash dividend of 0.15 per share for shareholders of record on July 27, 2021, with a payment date of August 16, 2021. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

There
have been no unregistered sales of securities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

On
September 30, 2019, our Board of Directors approved a plan to buy back up to 2.5 million additional shares of our common stock from the
open market Stock Buyback Plan ). Our Stock Buyback Plan has been and will be used to return capital to shareholders and
to minimize the dilutive impact of stock options and other share-based awards. In the future, we may consider additional share repurchases
under our plan based on several factors, including our cash position, share price, operational liquidity, and planned investment and
financing needs. Our Board of Directors did not specify an expiration date for repurchases under the Stock Buyback Plan. 

Activity
for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

Number of 
 Shares 
 Cost of Shares 
 (in thousands) 
 Average Cost 
 per Share 
 
 Shares purchased - October 2022 
 45,000 
 492 
 10.94 
 
 Shares purchased - November 2022 
 46,100 
 560 
 12.15 
 
 Shares purchased - December 2022 
 14,001 
 196 
 13.97 
 
 Total 
 105,101 
 1,248 
 11.88 

18 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K and other publicly available documents, including the documents incorporated herein and therein by reference,
contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Additionally, our officers and representatives may from time to time make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements can be identified by words such as anticipate, intend, plan, goal, 
 seek, believe, project, estimate, expect, strategy, 
 future, likely, may, should, will and similar references to future
periods. Examples of forward-looking statements include, among others, statements we make regarding: 

our
 expectations and beliefs about the market and industry and competitive landscape; 

our
 goals, plans, and expectations regarding our operations and properties and results; 

our
 beliefs about our competitive advantages, the diversification of our product offerings, and the keys to our success; 

plans
 regarding our Stock Buyback Plan; 

our
 beliefs and expectations regarding our financial position, ability to finance operations and growth, and pay dividends; 

the
 amount of financing necessary to support operations; and 

our
 beliefs regarding the impact of the adoption of certain accounting standards on our financial statements. 

Forward-looking
statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations
and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy
and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks
and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial
condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these
forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those
indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: 

changing
 technology and evolving standards in the livestock and food industry; 

consumer
 focus on social responsibility, sustainability, food safety and assurance; 

competition
 from other providers serving the food and agriculture industry; 

economic
 and financial conditions in the livestock and food industry; 

international
 export market activities, including trade barriers to certain beef and other livestock exports; 

market
 demand for beef and other livestock products; 

seasonal
 volatility in business activity; 

developments
 and changes in laws and regulations, including increased regulation of the livestock and food industry through legislative action
 and revised rules and standards; 

strategic
 actions, including acquisitions and our success in integrating acquired businesses; 

enforceability
 of our patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights; 

continued
 service of key senior management personnel; 

the
 impact of COVID-19 on our business, customers, suppliers and employees; 

disruptions
 of inefficiencies in the supply chain, including any impact of COVID-19; and 

such
 other factors as discussed throughout Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
 and Results of Operations and in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

19 

Any
forward-looking statement made by us in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is based only on information currently available to us and speaks
only as of the date on which it is made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether written
or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

The
following table shows information for reportable operating business segments: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 

Verification 
 and 
 Certification 
 Segment 
 Software 
 Sales and 
 Related 
 Consulting 
 Segment 
 Eliminations 
 and Other 
 Consolidated 
 Totals 
 Verification 
 and 
 Certification 
 Segment 
 Software 
 Sales and 
 Related 
 Consulting 
 Segment 
 Eliminations 
 and Other 
 Consolidated 
 Totals 
 
 Assets: 

Goodwill 
 1,947 
 999 
 - 
 2,946 
 1,947 
 999 
 - 
 2,946 
 
 All other assets, net 
 9,949 
 3,182 
 2,219 
 15,350 
 14,267 
 3,848 
 (1,277 
 16,838 
 
 Total assets 
 11,896 
 4,181 
 2,219 
 18,296 
 16,214 
 4,847 
 (1,277 
 19,784 

Revenues: 

Verification and certification service revenue 
 17,610 
 - 
 - 
 17,610 
 16,058 
 - 
 - 
 16,058 
 
 Product sales 
 4,364 
 - 
 - 
 4,364 
 3,830 
 - 
 - 
 3,830 
 
 Software and related consulting revenue 
 - 
 2,871 
 - 
 2,871 
 - 
 2,044 
 - 
 2,044 
 
 Total revenues 
 21,974 
 2,871 
 - 
 24,845 
 19,888 
 2,044 
 - 
 21,932 
 
 Costs of revenues: 

Costs of verification and certification services 
 9,748 
 - 
 - 
 9,748 
 8,402 
 - 
 - 
 8,402 
 
 Costs of products 
 2,333 
 - 
 - 
 2,333 
 2,441 
 - 
 - 
 2,441 
 
 Costs of software and related consulting 
 - 
 2,296 
 - 
 2,296 
 - 
 1,352 
 - 
 1,352 
 
 Total costs of revenues 
 12,081 
 2,296 
 - 
 14,377 
 10,843 
 1,352 
 - 
 12,195 
 
 Gross profit 
 9,893 
 575 
 - 
 10,468 
 9,045 
 692 
 - 
 9,737 
 
 Depreciation amortization 
 582 
 183 
 - 
 765 
 597 
 202 
 - 
 799 
 
 Other operating expenses 
 6,805 
 246 
 - 
 7,051 
 6,324 
 311 
 - 
 6,635 
 
 Segment operating income/(loss) 
 2,506 
 146 
 - 
 2,652 
 2,124 
 179 
 - 
 2,303 
 
 Other items to reconcile segment operating income/(loss) to net income/(loss): 

Other income/(loss) 
 202 
 (38 
 - 
 164 
 1,329 
 (12 
 - 
 1,317 
 
 Income tax benefit/(expense) 
 - 
 - 
 (822 
 (822 
 - 
 - 
 (659 
 (659 
 
 Net income/(loss) 
 2,708 
 108 
 (822 
 1,994 
 3,453 
 167 
 (659 
 2,961 

Verification
and Certification Segment 

Verification
and certification service revenues consist of fees charged for verification audits and other verification and certification related services
that the Company performs for customers. Fees earned from our WFCF labeling program are also included in our verification and certification
revenues as it represents a value-added extension of our source verification. Verification and certification service revenue for the
year ended December 31, 2022 increased approximately 1.6 million, or 9.7 compared to 2021. Overall, the increase is due primarily to
increased customer awareness and demand for our product offerings. 

Our
product sales are an ancillary part of our verification and certification services and represent sales of cattle identification ear tags.
Product sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased approximately 0.5 million or 13.9 compared to 2021, primarily due to increased
pricing reflective of the market, and limited supply elsewhere in the market. 

Costs
of revenues (for services and product sales) for the verification and certification segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 were
approximately 12.1 million compared to approximately 10.8 million in 2021. Gross margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased
slightly to 45.0 compared to 45.5 in 2021. The decline is primarily due to increases in compensation related costs due to a tight labor
market and inflation, offset by increased margins for our product sales. Our margins are generally impacted by various costs such as
cost of products, salaries and benefits, insurance and taxes. 

20 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 6.7 compared to 2021. Overall, the increase in our
selling, general and administrative expenses is due to increased compensation related costs due to a tight labor market and inflation,
as well as, an increase in headcount. 

Software
and Related Consulting Segment 

Software
and related consulting revenue is a revenue stream specific to our acquisitions of SureHarvest and Postelsia. Offerings include a wide
range of professional consulting services and technology solutions that support our verification business and generate incremental revenue
specific to the food and agricultural industry. For the year ended December 31, 2022, software and related consulting service revenue
increased approximately 40.5 over 2021, due to a significant short-term engagement with a Japanese party to promote Japanese seafood
products into the American supply chain. While we do not believe this engagement will be an annual recurring source of revenue for our
consulting segment, we are hopeful that it is a long-term potential opportunity for our verification and certification segment. Additionally,
because this was a short-term engagement, it is not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for any other quarter
or for the full fiscal year. 

Costs
of revenues for our software and related consulting segment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 2.3 and
 1.4 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, gross margin had decreased to 20.0 from 33.9 in 2021. The decrease
in gross margin is due primarily to increased cost of contract labor to support the short-term consulting engagement mentioned above. 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 16.4 compared to 2021. The decrease is predominately
due to the decrease in depreciation and personnel costs, slightly offset by increased travel related expenses. 

Dividend
Income from Progressive Beef, LLC 

On
 August 9, 2018, the Company purchased a ten percent membership interest in Progressive Beef, LLC Progressive
Beef for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 1.0 million. The Company received dividend income of 250,000 and 200,000
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, from Progressive Beef representing a distribution of their earnings. 

Income
Tax Expense 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded income tax expense of approximately 0.8 million and 0.7 million, respectively.
The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 28.8 and 24.6 , respectively, compared to a federal corporate
rate of 21.0 . The effective tax rate for 2021 was favorably impacted by the non-taxability of the Paycheck Protection Program PPP)
loan forgiveness income. 

Net
Income and Per Share Information 

As
a result of the foregoing, net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 2.0 million or 0.34 per basic and 0.33
per diluted common share, compared to approximately 3.0 million or 0.49 per basic and 0.48 per diluted common share in 2021. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

At
December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 4.4 million compared to approximately 5.4 million at December
31, 2021. Our working capital at December 31, 2022 was approximately 4.9 million compared to approximately 5.7 million at December
31, 2021. 

21 

Net
cash provided by operating activities during 2022 was approximately 2.7 million compared to 3.0 million during the same period in 2021.
Net cash provided by operating activities is driven by a decrease in our net income and adjusted by non-cash items and changes in current
assets and liabilities. Non-cash adjustments primarily include depreciation, amortization of intangible assets, stock-based compensation
expense, forgiveness of Paycheck Protection Program loan, and deferred taxes. Fluctuations are primarily due to operating performance
offset by the timing of cash receipts and cash disbursements. The cash provided by operating activities for 2022 was primarily driven
by a decrease in deferred revenue and cash used for inventory, offset by an increase in prepaid expenses and accounts payable. The cash
provided by operating activities for 2021 was primarily driven by an increase in deferred revenue, decrease in accounts receivable and
prepaid expenses and other assets, offset by cash used for inventory. 

Net
cash used in investing activities during 2022 was approximately 0.3 million compared to 3,000 during 2021. Net cash used in the 2022
period was 0.2 million for the purchase of digital assets and 0.1 million for the purchase of a vehicle, equipment and software development.
Net cash used in the 2021 period was 0.2 million for the purchase of a vehicle, equipment and software development offset by 0.2 million
in proceeds from the sale of the Medina land and building. 

Net
cash used in financing activities during 2022 was approximately 3.4 million compared to net cash used of 2.0 million in the 2021 period.
Net cash used in the 2022 period was primarily for the repurchase of common shares under the Stock Buyback Plan. Net cash used in the
2021 period was 1.1 million for the repurchase of common shares under the Stock Buyback Plan and 0.9 million in dividends paid to shareholders. 

Over
the past several years, our growth has been funded primarily through cashflows from operations. We continually evaluate all funding options,
including additional offerings of our securities to private, public and institutional investors and other credit facilities as they become
available. 

The
primary driver of our operating cash flow is our third-party verification solutions, specifically the gross margin generated from services
provided. Therefore, we focus on the elements of those operations, including revenue growth, gross margin and long-term projects that
ensure a steady stream of operating profits to enable us to meet our cash obligations. On a weekly basis, we review the performance of
each of our revenue streams focusing on third-party verification solutions compared with prior periods and our operating plan. We believe
that our various sources of capital, including cash flow from operating activities, overall improvement in our performance, and our ability
to obtain additional financing, are adequate to finance current operations as well as the repayment of current debt obligations. We are
not aware of any other event or trend that would negatively affect our liquidity. In the event such a trend develops, we believe that
there are sufficient financing avenues available to us and from our internal cash-generating capabilities to adequately manage our ongoing
business. 

The
culmination of all our efforts has brought significant opportunities to us, including increased investor
confidence and renewed interest in our company, as well as the potential to develop business relationships with long-term strategic
partners. In keeping with our core business, we will continue to review our business model with a focus on profitability, long-term capital
solutions and the potential impact of acquisitions or divestitures, if such an opportunity arises. 

Our
plan for continued growth is primarily based on diversification in our product offerings within national and international markets, as
well as, potential acquisitions. We believe that there are significant growth opportunities available to us because of growing consumer
awareness and demand on a national level. Internationally, a quality verification program is often the only way to overcome import or
export restrictions. 

22 

Debt
Facility 

The
Company has a revolving line of credit LOC agreement which matures April 12, 2025. The LOC provides for 75,080 in working
capital. The interest rate is at the Wall Street Journal prime rate plus 1.50 and is adjusted daily. Principal and interest are payable
upon demand, but if demand is not made, then annual payments of accrued interest only are due, with the principal balance due upon maturity.
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the effective interest rate was 9.0 and 4.75 , respectively. The LOC is collateralized by all the
business assets of Where Food Comes From Organic, Inc. WFCFO ), a subsidiary of WFCF. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021,
there were no amounts outstanding under this LOC. 

On
April 17, 2020, the Company received a 1.0 million loan under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP with a maturity date
of April 17, 2022 and an annual interest rate of 1.00 . The Company received notification the loan and accrued interest amount was forgiven
on March 4, 2021. 

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements of any type. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

Below
is a discussion of the accounting policies and related estimates that we believe are the most critical to understanding our consolidated
financial statements, financial condition and results of operations and which require complex management judgments, uncertainties and/or
estimates. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during a reporting period; however, actual results could differ from those estimates. Management has discussed
the development, selection and disclosure of the critical accounting policies and estimates with the Audit Committee of the Board of
Directors. Information regarding our other accounting policies is included in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements set forth
in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Revenue
Recognition 

Verification
and Certification Segment 

We
offer a range of products and services to maintain identification, traceability, and verification systems. We conduct both on-site and
desk audits to verify that claims being made about livestock, food, other high-value specialty crops and agricultural products are accurate.
We generate revenue primarily from the sale of our verification solutions, consulting services and hardware sales. We sell our products
and services directly to customers at various levels in the livestock and agricultural supply chains. 

Verification
and certification service revenue primarily consists of fees charged for verification audits and other verification services that the
Company performs for customers. We recognize revenue utilizing an input method to measure over-time progress of each verification audit
based on the number of audit days performed. 

For
certain of our third-party crop and other processed product audits, we assess a fixed fee for the annual certification period. We recognize
revenue utilizing an input method to measure progress toward satisfaction of the annual assessment based on the percentage of activities/phases
or input reviews completed under the annual assessment. 

23 

Product
sales are primarily generated from the sale of cattle identification ear tags. Revenue for product sales is recognized upon delivery
of the goods to customer, at which point title, custody and risk of loss transfer to the customer. 

We
had deferred revenue of approximately 1.2 million and 1.0 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily related to
the annual certification period for certain of our third-party crop and other processed product audits. The balance of these contract
liabilities at the beginning of the period is expected to be recognized as revenue during 2023. 

Software
and Related Consulting Segment 

Consulting
services fees are derived from a standard rate card by employee level, and we invoice for consulting services monthly on a time-incurred
basis. We recognize revenue over time utilizing the practical expedient that allows us to recognize revenue in the amount to which we
have a right to invoice. 

We
also offer software products via a SaaS model, which is an annual subscription-based model. Support services and web-hosting are generally
included in the subscription. 

We
recognize revenue related to the SaaS arrangement over an annual subscription period utilizing a time-based output measure of progress
that results in a straight-line attribution of revenue. We had deferred revenue of approximately 0.1 and 0.5 million at December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily due to the SaaS arrangements. 

In
connection with web-hosting services under our SaaS arrangements, we present revenue on a gross basis, with consideration received from
our customer for the web-hosting service recorded as revenue and the cost paid to the third-party to provide those web-hosting services
recorded as an expense. 

Other 

Generally,
we do not provide right of return or warranty on product sales or services performed. 

In
connection with the provision of on-site audits, reimbursable expenses are incurred and billed to customers, and such amounts are recognized
on a gross basis as both revenue and cost of revenue. 

Any
amounts collected on behalf of a third-party and remitted in full to that third-party are excluded from the transaction price and, thus,
revenue. 

Our
business is subject to seasonal fluctuations. Significant portions of our verification and certification service revenue is typically
realized during late May through early October when the calf marketings and the growing seasons are at their peak. Although this seasonality
does not impact our policies for revenue recognition, it does generally impact our results of operations by potentially causing an increase
in our profit margins during May through October and decreased margins during November through April. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

The
Company recognizes all equity-based compensation as stock-based compensation expense based on the fair value of the compensation measured
at the grant date. For stock options, fair value is calculated using the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model. For restricted stock
awards and stock awards, fair value is the closing stock price for the Company s common stock on the grant date. The expense is
recognized over the vesting period of the grant. 

Calculating
stock-based compensation expense using the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions,
including the expected term of the stock-based awards, stock price volatility, and the pre-vesting option forfeiture rate. We consider
many factors when estimating expected forfeitures, including the types of awards, employee classification and historical experience.
Actual forfeitures may differ substantially from our current estimate. Under this pricing model, which incorporates ranges of assumptions
for inputs, our assumptions are as follows: 

Dividend
 yield is based on our historical policy of not paying cash dividends. 

24 

Expected
 volatility assumptions were derived from our actual volatilities. 

The
 risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the date of grant with maturity dates approximately
 equal to the expected term at the grant date. 

The
 expected term of options represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding giving consideration to
 vesting schedules, based on historical exercise patterns, which we believe are representative of future behavior. 

There
is a risk that our estimates of the fair values may differ from the actual values. It is possible that employee stock options may expire
worthless or otherwise result in zero intrinsic value as compared to the fair values originally estimated on the grant date and reported
in our financial statements. Alternatively, value may be realized from these instruments that are significantly in excess of the fair
values originally estimated on the grant date and reported in our financial statements. The fair value determined using the Black-Scholes-Merton
option-pricing model may not be indicative of the fair value observed in a willing buyer / willing seller market transaction. 

Estimates
of share-based compensation expense are highly subjective as to value and have an impact on our financial statements, but these expenses
will never result in the payment of cash by us. For this reason, and because we do not view share-based compensation as being related
to our operational performance, we exclude estimated share-based compensation expense when internally evaluating our performance. 

Income
Taxes 

We
record income taxes under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect our estimation of the future tax
consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for book and tax purposes. We determine
deferred income taxes based on the differences in accounting methods and timing between financial statement and income tax reporting.
Accordingly, we determine the deferred tax asset or liability for each temporary difference based on the enacted tax rates expected to
be in effect when we realize the underlying items of income and expense. 

We
consider the probability of future taxable income and our historical profitability, among other factors, in assessing the amount of the
valuation allowance. Significant judgment is involved in this determination, including projections of future taxable income. 

Our
liability for unrecognized tax benefits contains uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and to apply judgment
to estimate the exposures associated with our various filing positions. 

Our
effective income tax rate is also affected by changes in tax law, our level of earnings and the results of tax audits. As of December
31, 2022, we concluded that a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets was not considered necessary. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Company did not have an unrecognized tax liability. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect
the tax provision as recorded. 

Goodwill 

We
perform an impairment test of our goodwill annually or when events and circumstances indicate goodwill might be impaired. Impairment
testing of goodwill is required at the reporting unit level and involves a two-step process. However, we may first assess the qualitative
factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test. 

25 

The
first step of the impairment test involves comparing the estimated fair value of our reporting units with the reporting unit s
carrying amount, including goodwill. If we determine that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, we
perform a second step to compare the carrying amount of goodwill to the implied fair value of that goodwill. The implied fair value of
goodwill is determined in the same manner as utilized to recognize goodwill in a business combination. If the carrying amount of goodwill
exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss would be recognized in an amount equal to the excess. 

We
evaluate our reporting units on an annual basis or when events or circumstances indicate our reporting units might change. 

Application
of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including performing the qualitative assessment, the identification of reporting units,
assigning assets and liabilities to reporting units, assigning goodwill to reporting units, and determining the fair value of each reporting
unit. 

Estimating
the fair value of an individual reporting unit requires us to make assumptions and estimates regarding our future plans, industry and
economic conditions and our actual results and conditions may differ over time. Examples of events or circumstances that could have a
negative effect on the estimated fair value of our reporting units include (i) changes in technology or customer demands that were not
anticipated; (ii) competition or regulatory developments in the industry that may adversely affect profitability; (iii) a prolonged weakness
in general economic conditions; (iv) a sustained decrease in share price; (v) volatility in the equity and debt markets which could result
in a higher discount rate; and (vi) the inability to execute our strategy to grow our growth products. 

These
types of analyses contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate industry
economic factors and the profitability of future business strategies. 

We
have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to evaluate impairment of goodwill during the past two years. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had approximately 2.9 million of goodwill. 

During
the fourth quarter of 2022 and 2021, we performed a qualitative assessment on our WFCF, WFCFO, Validus and SureHarvest units and concluded
that the fair value of the reporting units exceeded their carrying value. 

Long-Lived
Assets 

Our
definite-lived intangible assets consist of customer relationships, accreditations, tradenames / trademarks and patents related to our
acquisitions, recorded at estimated fair value. It also consists of our trademark rights and the related costs incurred to obtain the
trademark rights recorded at cost. These definite-lived assets are subject to amortization using the straight-line method over the estimated
useful-lives of the respective assets, which range from two to fifteen years. Estimates of useful-lives are based on the nature of the
underlying assets as well as our experience with similar assets and intended use. We periodically review estimated useful-lives for reasonableness. 

We
evaluate recoverability of long-lived assets, including property and equipment and definite-lived intangible assets, when events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. 

Assumptions
and estimates about future values and remaining useful-lives can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors such
as consumer spending habits and general economic trends, and internal factors such as changes in our business strategy and our internal
forecasts. 

We
have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology or useful-lives we use to account for long-lived assets during the past
two years. 

Pursuant
to Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 ASU Topic 842, we determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating
leases are included in the right-of-use (ROU) assets, current operating lease liabilities and noncurrent operating lease liabilities
in our consolidated balance sheet. Finance leases are included in property and equipment, current finance lease obligations and long-term
finance lease obligations in our consolidated balance sheet. 

26 

ROU
assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease
payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the estimated present
value of lease payments over the lease term. 

Indefinite-Lived
Assets 

Our
non-amortizable intangible assets which have an indefinite life relate to the trademarks/tradenames and digital assets. 

Trademarks/tradenames
were acquired in the Validus acquisition. Pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 350, if an intangible
asset is determined to have an indefinite useful life, it shall not be amortized until its useful life is determined to no longer be
indefinite. Accordingly, we evaluate the remaining useful life of an intangible asset that is not being amortized each reporting period
to determine whether events or circumstances continue to support an indefinite useful life. 

In
addition, an intangible asset that is not subject to amortization shall be tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Entities testing an indefinite-lived intangible asset for impairment
have the option of performing a qualitative assessment before calculating the fair value of the asset. If entities determine, on the
basis of qualitative factors, that the likelihood of the indefinite-lived intangible asset being impaired is below a more-likely-than-not 
threshold (i.e., a likelihood of more than 50 percent), the entity would not need to calculate the fair value of the asset. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there have been no changes to the indefinite life determination pertaining to the trademarks/tradenames intangible
assets. Based on the qualitative assessment on Validus reporting unit, we concluded that the likelihood of the indefinite lived asset
being impaired was below a more-likely-than-not threshold. 

Digital
assets or cryptocurrency are held as indefinite-lived intangible assets in accordance with ASC Topic 350. We have ownership
of and control over our digital assets and may use a third-party custodial service to secure it. The digital assets are initially recorded
at cost and are subsequently remeasured on the consolidated balance sheet at cost, net of any impairment losses incurred since acquisition,
if applicable. 

We
determine the fair value of our digital assets on a quarterly basis in accordance with ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement ,
based on quoted prices on the active exchange(s) that we have determined is the principal market for such assets (Level 1 inputs). We
perform an analysis each quarter to identify whether significant events or changes in circumstances, indicate that it is more likely
than not that our digital assets are permanently impaired. In determining if an impairment has occurred, we consider the lowest market
price of one unit of digital asset quoted on an active exchange since acquiring the digital asset. If the current carrying value of a
digital asset significantly exceeds the fair value so determined, a permanent impairment loss has occurred with respect to the digital
assets in the amount equal to the difference between their carrying values and the price determined. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have not sold any digital assets and have recognized an impairment loss of 62,000. As of December 31, 2022,
the carrying value of our digital assets held was 0.1 million. 

Business
Combinations 

A
component of our growth strategy has been to acquire businesses that complement our existing operations. We account for business combinations
in accordance with the guidance for business combinations and related literature. Accordingly, we allocate the purchase price of acquired
companies to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values at the date of
purchase. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. 

In
determining the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination, we use various recognized valuation
methods, including present value modeling and referenced market values (where available). Further, we make assumptions within certain
valuation techniques, including discount rates and the timing of future cash flows. Valuations are performed by management or independent
valuation specialists under management s supervision, where appropriate. We believe that the estimated fair values assigned to
the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on reasonable assumptions that marketplace participants would use. However, such
assumptions are inherently uncertain and actual results could differ from those estimates. 

RECENT
ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 

See
Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a detailed description of
recent accounting pronouncements. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

27 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Index
to Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 29 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 31 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 32 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 33 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 34 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 35 

28 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Where
Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Castle
Rock, Colorado 

OPINION
ON THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Where Food Comes From, Inc. and its subsidiaries
(the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, equity, and cash flows,
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

BASIS
FOR OPINION 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

CRITICAL
AUDIT MATTER 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does
not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter
below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

29 

Revenue
Recognition Refer to Note 2 to the financial statements 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

The
Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. The Company offers customers the ability to acquire multiple
licenses of software products and services, in its customer agreements through its service and licensing programs. 

Significant
judgment is exercised by the Company in determining revenue recognition for these customer agreements, and includes the following: 

Determination
 of whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together,
 such as software licenses and related services. 

The
 pattern of delivery (i.e., timing of when revenue is recognized) for each distinct performance obligation. 

Identification
 and treatment of contract terms that may impact the timing and amount of revenue recognized (e.g., length of time for services and
 cancellation terms). 

Determination
 of stand-alone selling prices for each distinct performance obligation and for products and services that are not sold separately. 

Given
these factors and due to the volume of transactions, the related audit effort in evaluating management s judgments in determining
revenue recognition for these customer agreements was extensive and required a high degree of auditor judgment. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our
principal audit procedures related to the Company s revenue recognition for these customer agreements included the following: 

We
 evaluated management s significant accounting policies related to these customer agreements for reasonableness. 

We
 selected a sample of customer agreements and performed the following procedures: 

Obtained
 and read contract source documents for each selection, including master agreements, and other documents that were part of the agreement. 

Tested
 management s identification and treatment of contract terms. 

Assessed
 the terms in the customer agreement and evaluated the appropriateness of management s application of their accounting policies,
 along with their use of estimates, in the determination of revenue recognition conclusions. 

We
 evaluated the reasonableness of management s estimate of stand-alone selling prices for products and services that are not
 sold separately. 

We
 evaluated the appropriateness of certain accounts receivables and deferred revenue items based on the timing of the payment and the
 products and services provided. 

We
 tested the mathematical accuracy of management s calculations of revenue and the associated timing of revenue recognized in
 the financial statements. 

/s/
 . 

We
have served as the Company s auditors since 2019. 

Auditor Firm ID 

February
23, 2023 

30 

Where
Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 December 31, 
 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of-use assets, net 

Investment in Progressive Beef 

Intangible and other assets, net 

Goodwill, net 

Deferred tax assets, net 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Current portion of finance lease obligations 

Current portion of operating lease obligations 

Total current liabilities 

Finance lease obligations, net of current portion 

Operating lease obligation, net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued or outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; (2022) and (2021) shares issued,
 and (2022) and (2021) shares outstanding 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Treasury stock of (2022) and (2021) shares 

Retained earnings 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

31 

Where
Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Income 

(Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 2022 
 2021 

Year ended December 31, 
 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues: 

Verification and certification service revenue 

Product sales 

Software and related consulting revenue 

Total revenues 

Costs of revenues: 

Costs of verification and certification services 

Costs of products 

Costs of software and related consulting 

Total costs of revenues 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Income from operations 

Other income/(loss): 

Dividend income from Progressive Beef 

Gain on sale of assets 

Loan forgiveness from Paycheck Protection Program 
 - 

Other income, net 

Loss on foreign currency exchange 

Impairment expense 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Per share - net income 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

32 

Where
Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

(Amounts in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 

Year ended December 31, 
 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 

Operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Impairment of digital assets 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on sale of assets 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Deferred tax benefit 

Bad debt expense 
 
 - 
 
 Forgiveness of note payable from Paycheck Protection Program 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effect from acquisitions: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Right of use assets and liabilities, net 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Investing activities: 

Purchase of digital assets 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from sale of assets 
 - 

Purchases of property, equipment and software development costs 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Financing activities: 

Repayments of finance lease obligations 

Proceed from stock option exercise 

Dividends paid to shareholders 
 - 

Stock repurchase under Stock Buyback Plan 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

33 

Where
Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Equity 

 Years
ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 

(Amounts in thousands) 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Stock 
 Earnings 
 Total 

Additional 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Treasury 
 Retained 

(Amounts in thousands) 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Stock 
 Earnings 
 Total 

Balance at January 1, 2021 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock options exercised 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Repurchase of common shares under Stock Buyback Plan 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Dividends paid 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Beginning balance 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock options exercised 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Repurchase of common shares under Stock Buyback Plan 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Ending balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

34 

Where
Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

), and we believe our credit risk is minimal. At times, we may also invest in short-term investments with original
maturities of three months or less, which we consider to be cash and cash equivalents, since they are readily convertible to cash. 

Where
Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Where
Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
further concluded that over-time recognition is appropriate because: (i) our performance of audits does not create an asset with an alternative
use, as the audit and related verification report relates to facts and circumstances that are specific to each customer site or location
(that is, there is a practical limitation on our ability to readily direct the asset to another customer) and (ii) we have an enforceable
right to payment, inclusive of a reasonable profit, for performance completed to date. We utilize an input method to measure over-time
progress of each audit within the series based on the number of audit days performed. 

We
do, however, note that there are instances in which we only have an enforceable right to payment upon completion of an audit, and thus,
over-time recognition is not permitted. For these contracts, revenue is recognized at the point in time at which an audit is completed.
This does not result in a significant difference in the timing of revenue recognition (as compared to those audits that are recognized
over time) due to the very short-term duration of an audit. 

Our
customers may also have the option to purchase incremental review services (for example, an investigative audit or video review services)
that are unrelated to the audit services to verify compliance with a specified standard or claim. The incremental review services are
also typically very short-term in nature (that is, one to two weeks). We have concluded that these optional purchases do not reflect
a material right under ASC 606 because the incremental review services are performed at standard pricing that would be charged to other
similarly situated customers. Upon customer request for an incremental review service, we believe that our customer has made a discrete
purchasing decision that should be treated as a separate accounting contract under ASC 606. 

We
charge a fixed fee for the incremental review service, and thus, upon customer request, we are entitled to fixed consideration for that
service under ASC 606. We concluded that over-time revenue recognition is appropriate for incremental review services because: (i) our
performance of incremental review services does not create an asset with an alternative use because that review service, and the associated
customer deliverable, relates to facts and circumstances that are specific to each customer site or location (that is, there is a practical
limitation on our ability to readily direct the asset to another customer) and (ii) we have an enforceable right to payment, inclusive
of a reasonable profit, for performance completed to date on incremental review services. We utilize a time-based input method to measure
progress toward complete satisfaction of an incremental review service, which is based on the number of hours performed on the incremental
review service relative to the total number of hours required to complete that review service. As previously mentioned, our incremental
review services are typically completed within one to two weeks of a customer request. 

Contract
to Provide Animal Audit Services at Customer Request 

Other
animal verification and certification services contracts are structured such that we commit to perform audit services at a fixed price
by site or location type as requested by our customer during an annual period. Performance of an audit typically occurs within a one
to two-week period. We invoice our customer upon completion of an audit, and payment is due from customer within thirty days or less
of receipt of invoice. 

Under
this contract structure, the customer is, in effect, provided a pricing list for animal audit services, and pricing is effective over
a one-year period. We have concluded that enforceable rights and obligations do not arise until a customer actually engages us to perform
an audit service documented in the pricing list; therefore, each customer request represents a purchasing decision that is a separate
accounting contract under ASC 606. 

Where
Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
note that the termination provisions specified in our pricing lists vary. In certain instances, a customer may only have the right to
terminate in the event of non-performance. Alternatively, in other contracts, a customer may have the right to terminate without prejudice
at any time or with thirty days written notice. However, regardless of the termination provision specified, we have concluded
that the accounting contract term is equal to the duration of the requested audit service (that is, the termination provisions generally
do not affect the accounting contract term for each requested audit service). 

Upon
a customer s request for an audit service, consideration is fixed, as we charge the customer a fixed fee by audit type over the
annual period per the pricing list. 

We
concluded that over-time revenue recognition is appropriate for a requested audit service because: (i) our performance of the requested
audit service does not create an asset with an alternative use as that audit, and the associated audit report, relate to facts and circumstances
that are specific to each customer site or location (that is, there is a practical limitation on our ability to readily direct the asset
to another customer) and (ii) we have an enforceable right to payment, inclusive of a reasonable profit, for performance completed to
date on a requested audit. A time-based input method is utilized to measure progress toward complete satisfaction of an audit based on
the number of hours performed on that audit relative to the total number of hours expected to be required to complete the audit. As previously
mentioned, our audit services are typically completed within one to two weeks of a customer request. 

Other
Considerations for Animal Certification and Verification Services 

In
connection with the provision of on-site audits related to animal certification and verification services, reimbursable expenses are
incurred and billed to customers, and such amounts are recognized on a gross basis as both revenue and cost of revenue. 

Any
amounts collected on behalf of a third-party and remitted in full to that third-party are excluded from the transaction price and, thus,
revenue. 

Crop
and Other Processed Product Verification and Certification Services 

Third-party
crop and other processed product audits are generally structured such that we commit to perform an independent audit to verify that food
producers and/or farmers comply with certain standards. We generally provide verification services related to organic, Non-GMO and gluten-free
standards. Depending on the crop or product type, verification audit activities may take two months to one year to complete. During this
assessment period, various integrated audit activities and/or input reviews are performed in accordance with the regulations specified
by the relevant standard. 

The
fee structure is such that customers pay an annual assessment fee for a crop or other processed product to verify compliance with the
specified standard. This fee is payable upfront on a nonrefundable basis. Our customers can typically terminate a crop or other processed
product audit at any time without prejudice. However, given the nonrefundable upfront payment structure for the annual assessment service,
we have concluded that the contract term is one year. We record the upfront payment made by the customer for the annual assessment service
as deferred revenue. 

The
audit activities and input reviews required in the provision of an annual assessment are not distinct under ASC 606, and consequently,
we account for an annual assessment as a single integrated performance obligation. 

Where
Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

For
certain of our third-party crop and other processed product audits, the annual assessment fee is fixed for the annual period. In other
scenarios, the annual assessment fee may be variable due to increased review activities required for incremental inputs to a crop or
processed product identified through the assessment process. At the time that an incremental input is identified, which generally occurs
in the early stages of an annual assessment, the incremental consideration for the provision of review services related to that incremental
input also becomes known. 

We
allocate the transaction price derived from the annual assessment fee to the single integrated performance obligation for that annual
assessment. Revenue related to the annual assessment is recognized over time in accordance with ASC 606. This is because the annual assessment
service does not create an asset with an alternative use, as it relates to facts and circumstances that are specific to a customer s
crop or processed product. Further, we have an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date on the annual assessment
due to the nonrefundable upfront payment made by customer. We utilize an input method to measure progress toward satisfaction of the
annual assessment based on the percentage of activities/phases or input reviews completed under the annual assessment. 

As
it relates to the upfront payment for the annual assessment, we have utilized the practical expedient that exempts us from adjusting
consideration for the effects of a significant financing component when we expect that the period between customer payment and the provision
of the related service is one year or less. 

In
certain contracts, an independent third-party inspection may be required for a site or location in our customer s supply chain
in accordance with the regulations for a specified standard. An inspection is performed by an independent third-party inspector, and
the customer is charged an hourly rate for these inspection services. 

Under
this scenario, a separate accounting contract arises upon initiation and performance of an inspection, and we typically invoice our customer
for the inspection upon completion of the inspection service. Given that the customer has the ability to terminate at any time without
prejudice, we have concluded that the contract term for each inspection ends as control of an inspection service transfers. Inspections
are generally short-term in nature with a term ranging from a few days to two weeks. 

We
have further determined that inspections are distinct from an annual assessment. Consideration attributable to an inspection is variable,
as the inspector is only able to provide a high-level estimate of the cost of the inspection based on the inspector s hourly rate
until the inspector is at the relevant producer/supplier site to determine the time and level of effort required to complete the inspection.
Given the very short-term nature of an inspection, variability related to an inspection generally resolves itself within a reporting
period. However, we are typically required by certain regulations to provide an inspection cost estimate to our customer, and, if required,
we utilize that estimate as our estimate of variable consideration. The cost estimate is generally derived from the cost to perform the
prior-year inspection for that specific customer site or location or, when required, the historical cost to provide an inspection for
a comparable site or location. In our experience, the historical cost of inspections has been predictive of the future cost of an inspection. 

Other
Considerations for Crop and Other Processed Product Verification Services 

Reimbursable
expenses incurred in the provision of an annual assessment or required inspection are billed to our customers, and such amounts are recognized
on a gross basis as both revenue and cost of revenue. 

In
addition, any amounts collected on behalf of a third-party and remitted in full to that third-party are excluded from the transaction
price and, thus, revenue. 

Where
Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Product
Sales 

Product
sales are primarily generated from the sale of cattle identification ear tags. Each customer purchase request represents a purchasing
decision made by customer. As such, enforceable rights and obligations (and, thus, a separate accounting contract under ASC 606) arise
at the time a customer submits its purchase request to us. At the time of request, we are entitled to fixed consideration, as the sales
quantity and related price of the product is known. All of our customers are charged the same fixed price per tag. 

Revenue
for product sales is recognized upon delivery of the goods to customer, at which point title, custody and risk of loss transfer to the
customer. We typically deliver product to the customer within a few days of customer s sales request. At the time of delivery,
we invoice our customer for the related product sales and record invoiced amounts to accounts receivable. Payment is typically due by
customer upon receipt of invoice. 

In
relation to our product sales, the sales taxes collected from customers and remitted to government authorities are excluded from revenue. 

Additionally,
we do not typically provide right of return or warranty on product sales. 

Software
and Related Consulting Segment 

We
predominately offer software products via a SaaS model, which is an annual subscription-based model. Support services are generally included
in the subscription. We also provide web-hosting services on an annual basis to all of our customers in conjunction with their software
subscription. Customers have the ability to terminate without prejudice upon thirty days written notice; however, the subscription
fee, inclusive of maintenance and support services, and the web-hosting fee are paid upfront by the customer on a nonrefundable basis.
Consequently, we have concluded that the contract term for the annual software subscription and web-hosting services is one year. 

We
have determined that a software license subscription and the related hosting service should be accounted for as a service transaction,
as we provide the functionality of our software through the hosting arrangement. The SaaS arrangement provides customers with unlimited
access to our software and, thus, is accounted for as a series of distinct daily service periods that provide substantially the same
service (that is, continuous access to the hosted software) each day during the annual contract term. Further, the provision of basic
technical support services also represents a stand-ready obligation that is a series of distinct daily service periods that provide substantially
the same service (that is, access to our technical support infrastructure) during the annual contract term. Because the basic technical
support services and SaaS each represent performance obligations that are a series of distinct daily service periods, we have elected
to combine these performance obligations. 

We
are entitled to fixed consideration for the software license subscription, inclusive of support services, and the related hosting service.
The software license subscription and hosting fees in our contracts represent the standalone selling price for that related service.
This is because the fees charged for the software license subscription and hosting service represent the software license subscription
and hosting service fees that are charged to other customers with a similar level of data loaded into the software (regardless of whether
that customer contracts for professional services). Accordingly, the software license subscription and hosting fees are allocated to
the combined SaaS performance obligation. 

Where
Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
recognize revenue related to the SaaS arrangement over time because a customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefit from
the provision of access to the hosted software over the annual subscription period. Accordingly, we utilize a time-based output measure
of progress that results in a straight-line attribution of revenue. That is, revenue related to the combined SaaS obligation should be
recognized daily on a straight-line basis over the one-year subscription term, as this reflects the direct measurement of value to a
customer of the provision of access to the software via hosting each day. 

As
it relates to the upfront payment for the software subscription and hosting service, we have utilized the practical expedient that exempts
us from adjusting consideration for the effects of a significant financing component when we expect that the period between customer
payment and the provision of the related service is one year or less. 

In
addition, we record the upfront payment made by customer for the annual assessment service as deferred revenue. 

In
some of our SaaS contracts, we also provide software-related consulting services to our customers during an annual software subscription
period. Consulting services fees are derived from a standard rate card by employee level, and we invoice for consulting services monthly
on a time-incurred basis. Due to the termination provisions present in our SaaS contracts, our customers have an in-substance renewal
decision each month for further consulting services (that is, via their decision not to terminate the contract each month). Accordingly,
the contract term for consulting services is on a month-to-month basis within the annual subscription period. 

We
have concluded that consulting services are distinct from the SaaS arrangement. To the extent that consulting services result in a software
enhancement or new functionality, we have determined that those consulting services are still distinct because added features typically
provide new, discrete capabilities with independent value to a customer and a customer accesses the SaaS in a single-tenant architecture.
Further, additional features and functionality are often made available to a customer substantially after the go-live date
of the software (via the hosting service). As a result, our software-related consulting services represent distinct performance obligations. 

We
recognize revenue related to consulting services over time in accordance with ASC 606. This is because our performance does not create
an asset with an alternative use, as consulting services, and, if applicable, any related software enhancements, are highly tailored
to the farming industry specific to the given customer, and we have an enforceable right to payment, inclusive of profit, for performance
completed to date. As a result, for our consulting services, we have elected to utilize the practical expedient that allows us to recognize
revenue in the amount to which we have a right to invoice, as we believe that we have a right to consideration from a customer in an
amount that corresponds directly with the value to the customer of our performance completed to date for the provision of consulting
services. 

Principal
versus Agent Considerations 

Under
certain of our verification and certification service contracts, a third-party inspector may be required to perform an independent inspection
of a site or location within our customer s supply chain in accordance with regulations of a certain standard or claim. In this
scenario, we have concluded that we are the principal in the provision of inspection services to our customer, as we control the inspection
service, and the related inspection report, before it is transferred to our customer. In accordance with this conclusion, we present
revenue related to inspections on a gross basis, with customer payment for an inspection presented as revenue and the inspection cost
paid to the third-party inspector presented as an expense. 

Where
Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

In
addition, we utilize a third-party to provide web-hosting services in the provision of our SaaS arrangements. In this scenario, we are
primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide web-hosting services to the customer, and we establish the fee that the customer
is charged for the web-hosting services. Consequently, we have also concluded that we are the principal in the provision of web-hosting
services under our SaaS arrangements. As such, we present revenue on a gross basis, with consideration received from our customer for
the web-hosting service recorded as revenue and the cost paid to the third-party to provide those web-hosting services recorded as an
expense. 

Disaggregation
of Revenue 

We
have identified three material revenue categories in our business: (i) verification and certification service revenue, (ii) product sales,
(iii) software and related consulting revenue. 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

Product sales 
 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Software and related consulting revenue 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Total revenues 

- 

- 

Transaction
Price Allocated to Remaining Performance Obligations 

We
generally enter into revenue contracts with a one-year term. In certain instances, we have concluded that our contract term is less than
one year because: (i) the termination provisions present in the contract impact the contract term under ASC 606 or (ii) a contract under
ASC 606 arises at the time our customer requests the provision of a good or service that is delivered within or over a few days to a
couple of weeks. As a result of our short-term contract structures, we have utilized the practical expedient in ASC 606-10-50-14 that
exempts us from disclosure of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations if the performance obligation is part
of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less. 

Contract
Balances 

Under
our animal verification and certification services contracts, we invoice customers once the performance obligation for the provision
of a site or location audit has been satisfied, at which point payment is unconditional. In addition, any product sales are invoiced
upon delivery to the customer, at which point payment is also unconditional. Accordingly, our animal verification and certification services
contracts do not give rise to a contract asset under ASC 606; rather, invoiced amounts reflect accounts receivable. 

Under
our crop and other processed product verification and certification services, a nonrefundable payment for an annual assessment of compliance
with a standard is typically made by our customers upfront upon contract execution. That is, payment is made in advance of the provision
of annual assessment services. Accordingly, we recognize deferred revenue upon receipt of the upfront payment from our customers for
crop and other processed product audit assessment services. Revenue is subsequently recognized, and the related deferred revenue is reduced,
over the one-year period during which assessment services are provided to the customer using the over-time measure of progress selected
in accordance with ASC 606. To the extent that an inspection is required during the annual assessment period, we invoice customers once
the performance obligation for the inspection has been satisfied, at which point payment is unconditional. As such, inspection services
give rise to accounts receivable. 

Where
Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Our
software subscriptions, web-hosting, and support services are paid by our customers upfront on a nonrefundable basis. That is, payment
is made in advance of the provision of these services to our customers. As a result, we recognize deferred revenue upon receipt of the
upfront payment from our customers for software subscriptions, web-hosting and maintenance and support services. Revenue is subsequently
recognized, and the related deferred revenue is reduced, on a straight-line basis during the annual contract term that these stand-ready
services are provided to customer. 

Software-related
consulting services are invoiced monthly on a time-incurred basis, at which point we have an enforceable right to payment for those services.
Because payment is unconditional upon invoicing, our software-related consulting services are reflected as accounts receivable. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accounts receivable from contracts with customers, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, were approximately
 million. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, deferred revenue from contracts with customers were approximately million and million, respectively.
The balance of the contract liabilities at December 31, 2021 was recognized as revenue in 2022 and the balance at December 31, 2022 is
expected to be recognized as revenue during 2023. 

Unearned billings 

Revenue recognized 

Deferred revenue December 31 

and , at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Where
Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, no single customer accounted for greater than 10 of our accounts receivable balance. 

- percent; 

b) 
 Terminal
 value based on long-term sustainable growth rates of percent; 

c) 
 Financial
 data of comparable companies for market participant assumptions; and 

d) 
 Consideration
 of the marketability that market participants would consider when measuring the fair value of a non-controlling interest in our acquisition. 

Where
 Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

years. Certain acquired
trade names and digital assets are considered to have indefinite lives and are not amortized but are assessed at least annually for potential
impairment as described below. 

Where
Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
review long-lived assets for indicators of impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may
not be recoverable, or at least annually. The evaluation is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows. Undiscounted cash
flows expected to be generated by the related assets are estimated over the asset s useful life based on updated projections. If
the evaluation indicates that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable, any potential impairment is measured based upon
the fair value of the related asset or asset group as determined by an appropriate market appraisal or other valuation technique. 

We
determine the fair value of our digital assets on a quarterly basis based on quoted prices on the active exchange(s) that we have determined
is the principal market for such assets. We perform an analysis each quarter to identify whether significant events or changes in circumstances,
indicate that it is more likely than not that our digital assets are permanently impaired. In determining if an impairment has occurred,
we consider the lowest market price of one unit of digital asset quoted on an active exchange since acquiring the digital asset. If the
current carrying value of a digital asset significantly exceeds the fair value so determined, a permanent impairment loss has occurred
with respect to the digital assets in the amount equal to the difference between their carrying values and the price determined. 

million is included in property and equipment as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. During
2021, million of the software developed for external sale was reclassified to be used for internal purposes only. During 2022 and
2021, the amortization of capitalized costs totaled approximately . 

million and million, respectively. 

Where
Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Where
Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Expected
 volatility assumptions were derived from our actual volatilities. 
 
 The
 risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the date of
 grant with maturity dates approximately equal to the expected term at the grant date. 
 
 The
 expected term of options represents the period of time that options granted are expected
 to be outstanding giving consideration to vesting schedules, based on historical exercise
 patterns, which we believe are representative of future behavior. 

or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. Our lease agreements do not contain any residual value guarantees. 

We
have operating and finance leases for corporate offices, other regional offices, and certain equipment. Our leases have remaining lease
terms of year to years, some of which include multiple 

Where
Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

In
September 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on
Financial Instruments, which adds a new Topic 326 to the Codification and removes the thresholds that companies apply to measure credit
losses on financial instruments measured at amortized cost, such as loans, receivables, and held-to-maturity debt securities. Under current
U.S. GAAP, companies generally recognize credit losses when it is probable that the loss has been incurred. The revised guidance will
remove all recognition thresholds and will require companies to recognize an allowance for credit losses for the difference between the
amortized cost basis of a financial instrument and the amount of amortized cost that the company expects to collect over the instrument s
contractual life. The Company is currently required
to adopt the new standard in 2023. The adoption of this standard will have no material impact on the financial statements. 

Furniture and office equipment 

Software and tools 

Website development and other enhancements 

Building and leasehold improvements 

Land 
 - 
 - 

3,646 
 3,585 
 
 Less accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Total
depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately million. Depreciation expense for assets recorded
under finance leases was approximately for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

In
December 2021, the Company sold the land, -square foot building and some office furniture located in Medina, North Dakota for 
million. 

million funded by a combination of cash and stock of the Company. Where Food Comes From is the primary
certifier for Progressive Beef. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company received dividend income of approximately and 
million, respectively, from Progressive Beef representing a distribution of their earnings. The income is reflected within the other
(expense) income section of the Company s Consolidated Statement of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.
The investment is accounted for as a financial instrument under ASC 321 and the Company has elected to apply the practical expedient
to value the investment at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions
for the identical or similar investment of the same issuer. The Company completed a qualitative assessment and determined that there
were no impairment indicators as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Where
 Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

- years 
 
 Accreditations 

years 
 
 Customer relationships 

- years 
 
 Patents 

years 
 
 Non-compete agreements 

years 
 
 Intangible
 and other assets, gross 

Less accumulated amortization 

Intangible
 and other assets, Net 

Cryptocurrency (not subject to amortization) 
 
 - 

Tradenames/trademarks (not subject to amortization) 

Intangible
 assets 

Other assets 

Intangible and other assets: 

We
reviewed our long-lived assets for indicators of impairment in 2022 and 2021 and concluded in
each year that no impairments exist. For the period ending December 31, 2022, we have not sold any digital assets and have recognized
an impairment loss of related to our investment in cryptocurrency. As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of our digital
assets held was . 

Amortization
expense for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately million and million, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Intangible
 and other assets, net 

Where
 Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Payroll related accruals 

Customer deposits 

Professional fees and other expenses 

Accrued expenses and
 other current liabilities 

. The LOC provides for in
working capital. The interest rate is at the Wall Street Journal prime rate plus and is adjusted daily. Principal and interest
are payable upon demand, but if demand is not made, then annual payments of accrued interest only are due, with the principal balance
due upon maturity . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the effective interest rate was and
 , respectively. The LOC is collateralized by all the business assets of WFCFO. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were amounts
outstanding under this LOC. 

Lease
Obligations 

We
have operating and finance leases for corporate offices, other regional offices, and certain equipment. Our leases have remaining lease
terms of year to years, some of which include multiple 

Where
 Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Finance lease cost 

Amortization of assets 

Interest on finance lease obligations 

Variable lease cost 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total net lease cost 

Included
in the table above, is approximately million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, of operating lease cost for our corporate
headquarters. This space is being leased from The Move,
LLC. Our CEO and President, each a related party to WFCF, have a jointly-held ownership interest in The Move, LLC. 

Rent
and lease expense for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately million and million, respectively. 

Current operating lease liabilities 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Finance leases: 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Right of use asset, at cost 

Accumulated amortization 

Right of use asset, net 

Current obligations of finance leases 

Finance leases, net of current obligations 

Total finance lease liabilities 

Weighted average remaining lease term (in years): 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

Weighted average discount rate: 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

Where
Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Operating cash flows from finance leases 

Financing cash flows from finance leases 

Right of use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities: 

Operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 
 
 - 
 
 Total lease payments 

Less amount representing interest 

Total lease obligations 

Less current portion 

Long-term lease obligations 

Federal 

State 

Total current income tax expense 

Deferred income tax benefit: 

Federal 

State 

Total deferred income tax benefit 

Total income tax expense 

Where
Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

State tax provision, net 

Permanent differences 

Foreign 

Stock options 

PPP loan forgiveness 
 - 

Other, net 

Total income tax expense 

Stock based compensation 

Property and equipment 

Intangibles assets 

Net deferred tax assets 

million additional shares of our common stock from
the open market Stock Buyback Plan ). 

Shares purchased during 2021 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Shares purchased during 2022 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The
repurchased shares are recorded as part of treasury stock and are accounted for under the cost method. 

Our
Stock Buyback Plan has been and will be used to return capital to shareholders and to minimize the dilutive impact of stock options and
other share-based awards. In the future, we may consider additional share repurchases under our plan based on several factors, including
our cash position, share price, operational liquidity, and planned investment and financing needs. 

Where
 Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Stock awards 

Restricted stock awards 
 - 

Total 

- 

2024 
 
 - 

2025 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 2026 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

The
Company estimated the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model with the following assumptions: 

Risk-free interest rate 
 N/A 

Expected volatility 
 N/A 

Assumed dividend yield 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Expected life of options from the date of grant 
 N/A 
 years 

Where
 Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Equity
Incentive Plans 

Our
2006 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2006 Plan and 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2016 Plan, and together with
the 2006 Plan, the Plans provide for the issuance of stock-based awards to employees, officers, directors and consultants.
The Plans permit the granting of stock awards and stock options. The vesting of stock-based awards is generally subject to the passage
of time and continued employment through the vesting period. 

Our
2006 Plan provided for the issuance of a maximum of million shares of our common stock. The 2006 Plan terminated in September 2016.
As of December 31, 2022, the 2006 Plan had awards outstanding. 

Our
2016 Plan was ratified by our shareholders in May 2016 and provides for the issuance of a maximum of million shares of our common
stock, of which million shares were still available for issuance as of December 31, 2022. 

Stock
Option Activity 

The
Company generally grants stock options to directors, eligible employees and officers as a part of its equity incentive plan. Restrictions
and vesting periods for the stock option grants are set forth in the award agreements. A stock option grant represents an option to purchase
a defined number of shares of the Company s common stock to be released from restrictions upon completion of the vesting period.
The awards typically vest in equal increments over one to . Stock option activity during 2022 and 2021 is summarized as follows: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired/Forfeited 

- 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Exercised 

Expired/Forfeited 

- 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

Unvested, December 31, 2022 

The
aggregate intrinsic value of stock options represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value (the aggregate difference between the closing
stock price of our common stock on December 31, 2022 and the exercise price for in-the-money options) that would have been received by
the option holders if all in-the-money options had been exercised on December 31, 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, a total of options were forfeited, of which all were vested. The options were forfeited upon the
employees termination from the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2021, a total of options were forfeited, 
of which were unvested. 

Where
Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Stock
Activity 

The
Company grants shares of stock to directors, eligible employees and officers as a part of its equity incentive plan. Any restrictions
and vesting periods for the awards are set forth in the award agreements. Each share of stock represents one share of the Company s
common stock. Shares of stock are valued at the closing price of the Company s common stock on the grant date and are recognized
as selling, general and administrative expense over the vesting period of the award. 

During
2022, the Company awarded shares of the Company s common stock at a fair market value price of per share to an employee
of the Company, with immediate vesting. The Company awarded shares of the Company s stock at a fair market value price of
 to members of the board of directors, with immediate vesting. 

During
2021, the Company awarded shares of the Company s common stock at a fair market value price of per share to an employee
of the Company, with immediate vesting. The Company awarded shares of the Company s stock at a fair market value price of
 to members of the board of directors, with immediate vesting. 

Diluted: 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Weighted average effects of dilutive securities 

Total 

Antidilutive securities: 

The
effect of the inclusion of the antidilutive shares would have resulted in an increase in earnings per share. Accordingly, the weighted
average shares outstanding have not been adjusted for antidilutive shares. 

Where
 Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

and , respectively, from related parties. The related parties
consisted of a business owned by the father of Leann Saunders, our President, and businesses owned by members of our Board of Directors. 

The
Company leases its corporate headquarters from a company in which our CEO and President have a jointly-held ownership interest
(Note 14). U nder the related party arrangement, a pproximately
 million was paid in rent and CAM for our corporate headquarters was included in the consolidated statements of income for each of
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

square feet of office space for its corporate headquarters. This space is being leased from The Move,
LLC in which our CEO and President, each a related party to the Company, have a jointly-held ownership interest. The lease agreement
has an initial term of five years plus two renewal periods, which the Company is more likely than not to renew. Total rental payments
are approximately per month as of December 31, 2022. The rental payments include common area charges and are subject to annual
increases over the term of the lease. 

The
Company has recorded leasehold improvements of approximately million, which included approximately million in lease incentives.
Leasehold improvements are included in property and equipment on the consolidated balance sheets. Lease incentives have been included
in calculating the lease liability recorded on the balance sheet. 

In
September 2017, the Company entered into a new lease agreement for our Urbandale, Iowa office space. The lease was for a period of and expired on August 31, 2019. This lease was extended twice (2) for additional years terms, with the current extension terminating
on . Rental payments are approximately per month, which includes common area charges, and are not subject to annual
increases over the term of the lease. 

In
December 2018, we entered into a new lease agreement in San Ramon, California for SureHarvest and JVF office space. The lease is for
a period of sixty-six months and expires on . Rental payments are approximately per month as of December 31, 2022,
which includes common area charges, and are subject to annual increases over the term of the lease. 

In
June 2021, the Company entered into a new lease agreement in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada for Postelsia office space. The lease
is for a period of and expires on . Rental payments are approximately Canadian or US per month as
of December 31, 2022, which includes common area charges, and are not subject to annual increases over the term of the lease. 

In
December 2021, the Company entered into a lease agreement for the Medina, North Dakota office space. The lease is for sixty-one months
and expires on . Rental payments are approximately per month, which includes common area charges, and are not
subject to annual increases over the term of the lease. 

See
Note 8 of our Consolidated Financial Statements for a detailed description of maturities of lease liabilities related to our leases. 

Where
Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Legal
Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various legal actions, administrative proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business.
We generally record losses for claims in excess of the limits of purchased insurance in earnings at the time and to the extent they are
probable and estimable. 

Employee
Benefit Plan 

The
Company has established a 401(k) plan for the benefit of our employees. The plan covers substantially all of our employees who have attained
age 21. We may make a discretionary matching contribution in an amount that is determined by our Board of Directors. If a matching contribution
is made, the amount cannot exceed the elective deferral contributions. For each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we made
aggregate matching contributions of approximately million. 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Equipment acquired under a finance lease 
 
 - 

Where
Food Comes From, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

- 

- 

All other assets, net 

Total assets 

Revenues: 

Verification and certification service revenue 
 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Product sales 
 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Software and related consulting revenue 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Total revenues 

- 

- 

Costs of revenues: 

Costs of verification and certification services 
 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Costs of products 
 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Costs of software and related consulting 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Total costs of revenues 

- 

- 

Gross profit 

- 

- 

Depreciation amortization 

- 

- 

Other operating expenses 

- 

- 

Segment operating income/(loss) 

- 

- 

Other items to reconcile segment operating income/(loss) to net income/(loss): 

Other income/(loss) 

- 

- 

Income tax benefit/(expense) 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Net income/(loss) 

60 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e))
as of the end of the period covered by this annual report, have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective based
on their evaluation of these controls and procedures as required by paragraph (b) of the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15. 

Attestation
Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual
report. 

Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
of the Exchange Act. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements
and can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

There
have not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
under the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment,
management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting
was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

61 

PART
III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Information
relating to directors required by Item 10 will be included in our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting
of Shareholders (the Proxy Statement ), which will be filed within 120 days after the close of the 2022 fiscal year, and
is hereby incorporated by reference. 

Information
relating to compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act required by Item 10 will be included in our Proxy Statement, which will
be filed within 120 days after the close of the 2022 fiscal year, and is hereby incorporated by reference. 

Information
regarding executive officers is included in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption Information About our
Executive Officers. 

Our
Board of Directors has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics (the Code of Conduct ), which is posted on our website
at www.wherefoodcomesfrom.com. Our Code of Conduct applies to all employees, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer
and Controller. The Code of Conduct sets forth specific policies to guide the designated officers in their duties. We intend to satisfy
the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of the Code of Conduct
by posting such information on our website, at the address and location specified above. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

This
information will be included in our Proxy Statement, which will be filed within 120 days after the close of the 2022 fiscal year, and
is hereby incorporated by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

This
information will be included in our Proxy Statement, which will be filed within 120 days after the close of the 2022 fiscal year, and
is hereby incorporated by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

This
information will be included in our Proxy Statement, which will be filed within 120 days after the close of the 2022 fiscal year, and
is hereby incorporated by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

This
information will be included in our Proxy Statement, which will be filed within 120 days after the close of the 2022 fiscal year, and
is hereby incorporated by reference. 

62 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Document
 Name 

2.1 
 
 Asset Purchase and Contribution Agreement, dated as of September 16, 2013, by and among Praedium Ventures, LLC; the Members of Praedium Ventures, LLC; Where Food Comes From, Inc. and Validus Verification Services LLC 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 19, 2013 
 
 2.2 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 28, 2016, by and among Where Food Comes From, Inc., SureHarvest Services, LLC, SureHarvest, Inc. and Jeff Dlott 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 30, 2016 
 
 2.3 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 16, 2018, between Where Food Comes From, Inc. and Sow Organic, LLC 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 14, 2018 
 
 2.4 
 
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 9, 2018, between Where Food Comes From, Inc. and Progressive Beef, LLC 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 13, 2018 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Registrant s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed April 28, 2006 
 
 3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 5, 2012 
 
 3.3 
 
 By-laws of the Registrant 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Registrant s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed April 28, 2006 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of the Registrant s Common Stock Certificate 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Registrant s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed June 22, 2006 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities 
 
 Incorporated
by reference from Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 28, 2022 
 
 10.1 
 
 2006 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Registrant s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed April 28, 2006 
 
 10.2 
 
 2016 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 10, 2016 
 
 10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement dated January 1, 2006 between the Registrant and John K. Saunders 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Registrant s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed April 28, 2006 
 
 10.4 
 
 Employment Agreement dated January 1, 2006 between the Registrant and Leann Saunders 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Registrant s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed April 28, 2006 
 
 10.5 
 
 Purchase and Exchange Agreement, dated as of February 29, 2012, by and among Integrated Management Information, Inc. and International Certification Services, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 2, 2012 
 
 10.6 
 
 Shareholders Agreement, dated as of February 29, 2012, by and among Integrated Management Information, Inc. and International Certification Services, Inc. and the selling shareholders. 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 2, 2012 
 
 10.7 
 
 Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Validus Verification Services LLC, dated as of September 16, 2013 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 19, 2013 
 
 10.8 
 
 Lease Agreement between Move LLC and Where Food Comes From, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 28, 2017 
 
 10.9 
 
 First Amendment to Lease Agreement between Move LLC and Where Food Comes From, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed April 2, 2018 

63 

10.10 
 
 Employment Agreement, effective December 28, 2016, by and between SureHarvest Services, LLC and Jeff Dlott 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 30, 2016 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Causey Demgen Moore, P.C. 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Furnished herewith 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Furnished herewith 
 
 101 
 
 The
 following materials from the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, formatted in Inline
 XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (1) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (2) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (3)
 the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (4) Consolidated Statements of Equity and (5) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement in which directors or executive officers are eligible to participate. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

64 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:
 February 23, 2023 
 Where
 Food Comes From, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/
 John K. Saunders 

Name: 
 John
 K. Saunders 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signatures 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 
 
 /s/
 John K. Saunders 

Chairman
 and CEO 

February
 23, 2023 
 
 John
 K. Saunders 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Leann Saunders 

President
 and Director 

February
 23, 2023 
 
 Leann
 Saunders 

/s/
 Dannette Henning 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

February
 23, 2023 
 
 Dannette
 Henning 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Tom Heinen 

Director 
 
 February
 23, 2023 
 
 Tom
 Heinen 

/s/
 Pete Lapaseotes 

Director 
 
 February
 23, 2023 
 
 Pete
 Lapaseotes 

/s/
 Adam Larson 

Director 
 
 February
 23, 2023 
 
 Adam
 Larson 

/s/
 Graeme P. Rein 

Director 
 
 February
 23, 2023 
 
 Graeme
 P. Rein 

/s/
 Michael D. Smith 

Director 
 
 February
 23, 2023 
 
 Michael
 D. Smith 

65 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

EXHIBIT
21.1 

Subsidiaries
of the Registrant 

Where
Food Comes From Organic, Inc. 

 Validus
Verification Services LLC 

 SureHarvest
Services, LLC 

 Postelsia
Holdings, Ltd 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

EXHIBIT
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-212061) of Where Food Comes From, Inc. of
our report dated February 23, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 of Where Food Comes From, Inc., appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

/s/
 Causey Demgen Moore, P.C. 

Denver,
 Colorado 

February
 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

I,
John Saunders, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Where Food Comes From, Inc. 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
 evaluation; and 

(d)
 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 23, 2023 

/s/
 John Saunders 

John Saunders, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

I,
Dannette Henning, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Where Food Comes From, Inc. 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d)
 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 February 23, 2023 

/s/
 Dannette Henning 

Dannette
 Henning, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

Certification
of Periodic Financial Report 

 Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

For
purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, John Saunders
the Chief Executive Officer of Where Food Comes From, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certifies that, to his knowledge: 

(i)
 
 the
 Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on the date hereof (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; and 

(ii) 
 the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 February 23, 2023 

/s/
 John Saunders 

John
 Saunders, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT 32.2 

Certification of Periodic Financial Report 

 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

For purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, Dannette Henning, the Chief Financial Officer of Where Food
Comes From, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certifies that, to her knowledge: 

(i) 
 the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(ii) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 23, 2023 

/s/ Dannette Henning 

Dannette Henning, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 wfcf-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 wfcf-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 wfcf-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 wfcf-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

