<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_884219_0000950170-23-005163.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>41116996</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>343539</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3837053</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>21536244</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4687137</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>9619727</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-005163.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228164127
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-005163
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		165
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VIAD CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000884219
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				361169950
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11015
		FILM NUMBER:		23686274

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7000 E. 1ST AVENUE
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85251
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(602) 207-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7000 E. 1ST AVENUE
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85251

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DIAL CORP /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930823

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NEW DIAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19921106

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-005163.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 vvi-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

__ 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files.) No 
 Indicate by check mark whether registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the Common Stock (based on its closing price per share on such date) held by non-affiliates on the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2022) was approximately million. 
 Registrant had shares of Common Stock 1.50 par value) outstanding as of February 21, 2023. 
 Portions of the Proxy Statement for the Viad Corp Annual Meeting of Shareholders scheduled for May 24, 2023, is incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report. 

Auditor Firm Id: 
 Auditor Name: 
 Auditor Location: 

INDEX 

Page 

Part I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 14 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 14 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 15 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 15 

Other. 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 15 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 16 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 17 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 18 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 29 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 31 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 79 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 79 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 82 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 82 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 83 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 83 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 83 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 83 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 83 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 83 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 87 

In this report, for periods presented, we, us, our, the Company, and Viad Corp refer to Viad Corp and its subsidiaries. 

PAR T I 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K 2022 Form 10-K contains a number of forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this 2022 Form 10-K, including the following sections: Business (Part I, Item 1), Risk Factors (Part I, Item 1A), Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Part II, Item 7), and Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk (Part II, Item 7A). Words, and variations of words, such as aim, anticipate, believe, could, deliver, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, outlook, plan, potential, seek, target, will, and similar expressions are intended to identify our forward-looking statements. Similarly, statements that describe our business strategy, outlook, objectives, plans, initiatives, intentions, or goals also are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts and are subject to a host of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. 
 Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 general economic uncertainty in key global markets and a worsening of global economic conditions; 

travel industry disruptions; 

the impact of our overall level of indebtedness, as well as our financial covenants, on our operational and financial flexibility; 

identified material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting; 

seasonality of our businesses; 

the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our financial condition, liquidity, and cash flow; 

our ability to anticipate and adjust for new and emerging challenges presented by the ramifications of the COVID-19 pandemic on our businesses; 

unanticipated delays and cost overruns of our capital projects, and our ability to achieve established financial and strategic goals for such projects; 

our exposure to labor shortages, turnover, and labor cost increases; 

the importance of key members of our account teams to our business relationships; 

our ability to manage our business and continue our growth if we lose any of our key personnel; 

the competitive nature of the industries in which we operate; 

our dependence on large exhibition event clients; 

adverse effects of show rotation on our periodic results and operating margins; 

transportation disruptions and increases in transportation costs; 

natural disasters, weather conditions, accidents, and other catastrophic events; 

our exposure to labor cost increases and work stoppages related to unionized employees; 

our multi-employer pension plan funding obligations; 

our ability to successfully integrate and achieve established financial and strategic goals from acquisitions; 

our exposure to cybersecurity attacks and threats; 

our exposure to currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

liabilities relating to prior and discontinued operations; and 

compliance with laws governing the storage, collection, handling, and transfer of personal data and our exposure to legal claims and fines for data breaches or improper handling of such data. 

For a more complete discussion of the risks and uncertainties that may affect our business or financial results, refer to Risk Factors (Part I, Item 1A of this 2022 Form 10-K). The forward-looking statements in this 2022 Form 10-K are made as of the date hereof. We disclaim and do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement in this 2022 Form 10-K except as required by applicable law or regulation. 
 
 1 

Item 1. B usiness 
 We are a leading global provider of extraordinary experiences. Our mission is to drive significant and sustainable growth by delivering extraordinary experiences for our teams, clients, and guests. 
 We operate through three reportable business segments: Pursuit, Spiro, and GES Exhibitions. 
 During the first quarter of 2022, we rebranded GES brand experiences business and introduced Spiro to the market to accelerate our growth by servicing the changing needs of today s brand marketers across a broader spectrum of their experiential marketing needs. Spiro and GES Exhibitions are both live event businesses and are collectively referred to as GES. 
 Pursuit is a collection of inspiring and unforgettable travel experiences that includes recreational attractions, unique hotels and lodges, food and beverage, retail, sightseeing, and ground transportation services. 

Spiro is an experiential marketing agency that partners with leading brands around the world to manage and elevate their global experiential marketing activities. 

GES Exhibitions is a global exhibition services company that partners with leading exhibition and conference organizers as a full-service provider of strategic and logistics solutions to manage the complexity of their shows. 

Pursuit is a global attractions and hospitality company that owns and operates a collection of inspiring and unforgettable travel experiences in iconic destinations. From world-class attractions, distinctive hotels, and engaging tours in stunning national parks and renowned global travel locations, Pursuit s elevated attraction and hospitality experiences enable visitors to discover and connect with these iconic destinations. With a strategic direction to build an expanding portfolio of extraordinary experiences, Pursuit remains focused on refreshing, improving, and growing its collection in outstanding places around the globe. Pursuit draws its guests from major markets, including the United States, Canada, China, the United Kingdom, Australia/New Zealand, Asia Pacific, and Europe. Pursuit markets directly to consumers, as well as through distribution channels that include tour operators, tour wholesalers, destination management companies, and retail travel agencies. Pursuit comprises the following: 

Banff Jasper Collection 
 The Banff Jasper Collection provides experiential travel experiences in the Canadian Rockies. Featuring lake cruises in Banff and Jasper National Parks, top-of-the-mountain views at the Banff Gondola, glacier exploration at the toe of the Columbia Icefield, the Glacier Skywalk and the Golden SkyBridge spanning over deep canyons, the collection offers visitors unique hotel experiences, attractions, culinary destinations, and retail offerings. The collection is also complemented by a sightseeing tour and transportation portfolio. 

Alaska Collection 
 The Alaska Collection offers wilderness tours, whale watching, and glacier cruises complemented by unique lodging experiences in Denali and Kenai Fjords National Parks. From the port town of Seward, to the mountain town of Talkeetna, to the end of the road in Denali National Park, Pursuit offers a collection of unique attractions and hotels, complemented by culinary and retail services. 

Glacier Park Collection 
 Located in and around Glacier and Waterton Lakes National Parks, the Glacier Park Collection features lodging, culinary and retail experiences, and attractions designed to enable guests to experience both Montana and Southern Alberta s stunning outdoors. In 2022, we acquired the Glacier Raft Company, which provides guided river rafting trips operating in West Glacier, Montana. 

FlyOver Attractions 
 Pursuit s FlyOver flight ride attractions provide guests with an exhilarating flying experience over iconic natural wonders, hard to reach locations, and picturesque scenery. Utilizing state-of-the-art ride and audio-visual technology, each FlyOver experience features moving ride vehicles with six degrees of motion, multi-sensory special effects, and a spherical screen that provides guests with a flight across stunning landscapes. 

Sky Lagoon 
 Pursuit s Sky Lagoon is an oceanfront geothermal lagoon located in Reykjavik, Iceland. It features an ocean-side infinity-edge in addition to cold pool and sauna experiences. It also features an in-lagoon bar, dining experiences and retail offerings. 

2 

Pursuit s collection of experiences focuses on four distinct lines of business: Attractions (including food and beverage services and retail operations); Hospitality (including food and beverage services and retail operations); Transportation; and Travel planning. 

Attractions 

BANFF JASPER COLLECTION 
 Banff Gondola transports visitors to an elevation of over 7,000 feet above sea level to the top of Sulphur Mountain in Banff, Alberta, Canada offering an unobstructed view of the Canadian Rockies and overlooking the town of Banff and the Bow Valley. The Banff Gondola was a 2022 Trip Advisor Travelers Choice award winner and the Sky Bistro restaurant, which is located at the top of the Banff Gondola, is currently #2 of 115 restaurants in Banff on Trip Advisor. 
 Lake Minnewanka Cruise provides guests a unique sightseeing experience through interpretive boat cruises on Lake Minnewanka in the Canadian Rockies. The Lake Minnewanka Cruise operations are located adjacent to the town of Banff and include boat tours, small boat rentals, and charter fishing expeditions. The Lake Minnewanka Cruise was a 2022 Trip Advisor Travelers Choice award winner. 
 Glacier Adventure is a tour of the Athabasca Glacier on the Columbia Icefield, and provides guests a view of one of the largest accumulations of ice and snow south of the Arctic Circle. Guests ride in a giant Ice Explorer, a unique vehicle specially designed for glacier travel. 
 Columbia Icefield Skywalk is a 1,312-foot guided interpretive walkway with a 98-foot glass-floored observation area overlooking the Sunwapta Valley, near our Glacier Adventure attraction in Jasper National Park, Alberta, Canada. 
 Maligne Lake Cruise provides interpretive boat tours at Maligne Lake, the largest lake in Jasper National Park, Alberta, Canada. In addition to boat tours, Maligne Lake has a marina and day lodge that offers food and beverage and retail services, an historic chalet complex and boat house that offers canoes, kayaks, and rowboats for rental. 
 Golden Skybridge is located in the mountain town of Golden, British Columbia, which is 90 minutes from Banff. It consists of two suspension bridges that are connected through forested trails. The upper skybridge is 426 feet above the canyon floor while the lower skybridge is 262 feet above the canyon floor. The attraction also includes a zip line and a canyon challenge course. We completed the construction of a mountain coaster, which will open during the summer of 2023. 
 Open Top Touring is a guided sightseeing tour of Banff with a historic twist. Guests ride in a custom-made, open-topped automobile inspired by local tours from the 1930s. 
 ALASKA COLLECTION 
 Kenai Fjords Tours is the #1 Alaska wildlife and glacier cruise, offering guests unforgettable sights of towering glaciers, humpback and grey whales, orcas, arctic birdlife, sea lions, seals, and porpoises in Kenai Fjords National Park. Tours range from a few hours to full days, with some tours including a full meal of wild Alaskan salmon, prime rib, and Alaskan King Crab on Fox Island. Kenai Fjords Tours was a 2022 Trip Advisor Travelers Choice award winner. 
 SKY LAGOON 
 Sky Lagoon is a 230-foot premium oceanfront geothermal lagoon that is located in K rsnes Harbour, K pavogur, just minutes from Reykjavik. Sky Lagoon showcases expansive ocean vistas punctuated by awe-inspiring sunsets, Northern Lights, and dark sky views. Sky Lagoon was a 2022 Trip Advisor Travelers Choice award winner. 
 3 

FLYOVER ATTRACTIONS 
 FlyOver flight ride attractions provide guests with an exhilarating flying experience over iconic natural wonders, hard to reach locations, and picturesque scenery. Utilizing state-of-the-art ride and audio-visual technology, each FlyOver experience features moving ride vehicles with six degrees of motion and multi-sensory special effects before a spherical screen. 
 FlyOver Canada is located along Vancouver s waterfront in the heart of downtown. 

FlyOver Iceland is located in Reykjavik s Grandi Harbour District. 

FlyOver Las Vegas is located on Las Vegas Boulevard in Las Vegas, Nevada. 

We currently have two additional locations in planning or development: 

FlyOver Chicago , located near the front entrance of Chicago s Navy Pier, is expected to open during 2024. 

FlyOver Canada Toronto, located at the base of the CN Tower in Toronto s Entertainment District. The opening of this attraction was originally planned for 2024, however, it has been postponed due to permitting and other related delays. 

GLACIER PARK COLLECTION 
 Glacier Raft Company is Pursuit's newest attraction, which provides guided river rafting trips in West Glacier, Montana. The Glacier Raft Company also owns 13 log cabins, a lodge, and a wedding venue located on 50 acres with views into Glacier National Park. 

Hospitality 

BANFF JASPER COLLECTION 
 
 GLACIER PARK COLLECTION 
 
 ALASKA COLLECTION 

Elk + Avenue Hotel 
 164 rooms 
 
 Glacier Park Lodge 
 162 rooms 
 
 Seward Windsong Lodge 
 216 rooms 

Forest Park Woodland 
 152 rooms 
 
 Grouse Mountain Lodge 
 145 rooms 
 
 Talkeetna Alaskan Lodge 
 212 rooms 

Lobstick Lodge 
 139 rooms 
 
 St. Mary Lodge 
 116 rooms 
 
 Denali Cabins 
 46 rooms 

Mount Royal Hotel 
 133 rooms 
 
 Prince of Wales Hotel 
 86 rooms 
 
 Denali Backcountry Lodge 
 42 rooms 

Chateau Jasper Hotel 
 119 rooms 
 
 Apgar Village Lodge Cabins 
 48 rooms 
 
 Kenai Fjords Wilderness Lodge 
 8 rooms 

The Crimson Hotel 
 99 rooms 
 
 West Glacier Cabin Village 
 32 rooms 

524 rooms 

Forest Park Alpine 
 88 rooms 
 
 Glacier Basecamp Lodge 
 32 rooms 

Marmot Lodge 
 81 rooms 
 
 Belton Chalet 
 27 rooms 

Pyramid Lake Resort 
 62 rooms 
 
 Motel Lake McDonald 
 27 rooms 

Miette Mountain Cabins 
 56 rooms 
 
 Glacier Raft Co. Lodging 
 23 rooms 

Glacier View Lodge 
 32 rooms 
 
 West Glacier RV Park Cabins 
 20 rooms 

1,125 rooms 

718 rooms 

Transportation 

BANFF JASPER COLLECTION 
 Transportation operations include sightseeing tours, airport shuttle services, and seasonal charter motorcoach services. The sightseeing services include seasonal half- and full-day tours from Calgary, Banff, Lake Louise, and Jasper, Canada and bring guests to the most scenic areas of Banff, Jasper, and Yoho National Parks. The charter business operates a fleet of luxury motorcoaches, available for groups of any size, for travel throughout the Canadian provinces of Alberta and British Columbia during the winter months. 
 ALASKA COLLECTION 
 Transportation includes a Denali Backcountry Adventure, which is a unique photo safari tour 92 miles deep into Denali National Park. 
 4 

Travel Planning 

BANFF JASPER COLLECTION 
 Travel planning services include a full suite of corporate and event management services for meetings, conferences, incentive travel, sports, and special events. Event-related service offerings include staffing, off-site events, tours/activities, team building, accommodations, event management, theme development, production, and audio-visual services. The Banff Jasper Collection also owns and operates eight Pursuit Adventure Centers, which help guests book their leisure activities in Banff and Jasper National Parks. 
 ALASKA COLLECTION 
 Travel planning services provide complete travel planning services throughout Alaska. 
 Pursuit Seasonality 
 Pursuit s peak activity occurs during the summer months. During 2022, 81 of Pursuit s revenue was earned in the second and third quarters. 
 Pursuit Competition 
 Pursuit generally competes based on location, uniqueness of facilities, service, quality, and price. Competition exists both locally and regionally across all four lines of business. The hospitality industry has a large number of competitors and competes for leisure travelers (both individual and tour groups) across the United States and Canada. Pursuit s competitive advantages are its distinctive attractions, iconic destinations, and strong culture of hospitality and guest services. 
 Pursuit Growth Strategy 
 Pursuit s growth strategy is to become a leading attractions hospitality company through its Refresh, Build, Buy initiatives: 
 Refresh . Refreshing our existing assets and processes to optimize the guest and team member experience, market position, and maximize returns; 

Build . Building new assets to create new guest experiences and additional revenue streams with economies of scale and scope; and 

Buy . Buying strategic assets that drive guest experience, economies of scale and scope, and improve financial performance. 

We continue to search for opportunities to acquire or to build high return tourism assets in iconic natural and cultural destinations that enjoy perennial demand, bring meaningful scale and market share, and offer cross-selling advantages with a combination of attractions and hotels. 
 Recent Pursuit Developments 
 On April 6, 2022, we acquired the Glacier Raft Company, which provides guided river rafting trips operating in Pursuit s West Glacier, Montana operations. The Glacier Raft Company also owns 13 log cabins, a lodge, and a wedding venue located on 50 acres with views into Glacier National Park. 

The construction of the Forest Park Alpine, a new 88-room hotel in Jasper, was completed and opened in August 2022. 

We currently have two additional locations in planning or development: 

FlyOver Chicago , located near the front entrance of Chicago s Navy Pier, is expected to open during 2024. 

FlyOver Canada Toronto , located at the base of the CN Tower in Toronto s Entertainment District. The opening of this attraction was originally planned for 2024, however, it has been postponed due to permitting and other related delays. 

5 

GES is a global, full-service live events company offering a comprehensive range of services to the world s leading brands and event organizers from the design and production of compelling, immersive live and digital experiences that engage audiences and build brand awareness, through to logistics, including material handling, rigging, electrical, and other on-site event services. 
 GES has a leading position in the United States, serving every major exhibition market, including Las Vegas, Chicago, and Orlando. Additionally, GES produces events at many of the most active and popular international event destinations and venues in the United Kingdom, Canada, Germany, the United Arab Emirates, and the Netherlands. 

SPIRO 
 Spiro is an experiential marketing agency that partners with leading brands around the world to manage and elevate their global experiential marketing activities. Spiro builds immersive experiences with its clients starting with the strategic plan, creating the content and design, and finishing with the delivery and execution. Spiro delivers a broad range of unique and impactful experiences for its clients, including meetings and events, exhibition and program management, environments and permanent installations, brand and product activations, and marketing and measurement. 
 GES EXHIBITIONS 
 GES Exhibitions is a global exhibition services company with a legacy spanning over 90 years and teams throughout North America, Europe, and the Middle East. GES Exhibitions partners with leading exhibition and conference organizers as a full-service provider of strategic and logistics solutions to manage the complexity of their shows, including strategy, creative design, registration engagement, accommodations, logistics management, material handling, overhead sign hanging, graphics and other rental and labor services. GES Exhibitions also serves as an in-house or preferred provider of electrical and other event services within event venues, including convention centers and conference hotels. 
 GES Seasonality and Show Rotation 
 GES exhibition and event activity can vary significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year depending on the frequency and timing of shows. Some shows are not held annually and some shift between quarters. Show rotation refers to shows that occur less frequently than annually, as well as annual shows that shift quarters from one year to the next. 
 GES Competition 
 Within brand experiences, Spiro generally competes on the basis of creative design, value, quality, and service offerings. Spiro maintains competitive advantages through its breadth of service offerings, worldwide network of resources, state-of-the-art creative solutions, advanced technology platforms, longstanding reputation for customer service and execution, and financial strength. Most known competitors are privately-held companies that provide limited public information regarding their operations. There is substantial competition from a large number of service providers, however Spiro s primary competitors are experiential marketing agencies and trade show design-and-build companies. 
 6 

In the live events industry, GES Exhibitions generally competes across all classes of services and all markets on the basis of discernible differences, value, quality, price, convenience, and service. GES Exhibitions has a competitive advantage through its worldwide network of resources, history of serving as an extension of clients teams, experienced and knowledgeable personnel, client focus, creativity, reliable execution, proprietary technology platforms, and financial strength. All known United States competitors and most international competitors are privately held companies that provide limited public information regarding their operations. GES Exhibition s primary competitor is a privately-held, United States-headquartered company; however, there is substantial competition from a large number of service providers in GES Exhibition s other service offerings. 
 GES Strategic Transformation 
 Over the past few years, we accelerated our transformation and streamlining efforts at GES to significantly reduce costs and create a lower cost structure focused on servicing GES more profitable market segments including the following: 
 exited 26 leased facilities across GES warehouse and office network since 2020; 

sold GES San Diego area production warehouse in 2020; 

closed GES United Kingdom-based audio-visual services business in 2020; and 

sold GES Orlando area production warehouse in 2021. 

Recent GES Developments 
 During the first quarter of 2022, we rebranded GES brand experiences business and introduced Spiro to the market to accelerate our growth by servicing the changing needs of today s brand marketers across a broader spectrum of their experiential marketing needs. 

On December 15, 2022, we completed the sale of the assets of ON Services AV Specialists, Inc. ON Services ), GES US-based audio-visual services business for approximately 30.0 million. 

Intellectual Property 
 Our intellectual property rights (including trademarks, patents, copyrights, registered designs, technology, and know-how) are material to our business. 
 We own or have the right to use numerous trademarks and patents in many countries. Depending on the country, trademarks remain valid for as long as we use them, or as long as we maintain their registration status. Trademark registrations are generally for renewable, fixed terms. We also have patents for current and potential products. Our patents cover inventions ranging from a modular structure having a load-bearing surface that we use in our event and exhibition services, to a surface-covering installation tool and method that reduces our labor costs and improves worker safety. Our United States issued utility patents extend for 20 years from the patent application filing date, and our United States issued design patents are currently granted for 14 years from the grant date. We also have an extensive design library. Many of the designs have copyright protection and we have also registered many of the copyrights. In the United States, copyright protection is for 95 years from the date of publication or 120 years from creation, whichever is shorter. While we believe that certain of our patents, trademarks, and copyrights have substantial value, we do not believe the loss of any one of them would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our Trademarks 
 Our United States registered trademarks and trademarks pending registration include Global Experience Specialists design , Spiro, GES , GES Servicenter , GES National Servicenter , , GES Measurement Insight , GES Project Central,, We re There, Trade Show Rigging TSR , TSE Trade Show Electrical design , Earth Explorers , Compass Direct , ethnoMetrics , eXPRESSO , FIT , FLYOVER design, FLYOVER Canada design , FLYOVER Iceland design , eco-sense , ONPEAK , Above Banff , by Pursuit, Kenai Fjords Tours design , Kenai Fjords Wilderness Lodge design, Seward Windsong Lodge design , Talkeetna Alaskan Lodge , Explore Rockies , Denali Backcountry Adventure , Denali Backcountry Lodge , and Denali Cabins design 
 We also own or have the right to use many registered trademarks and trademarks pending registration outside of the United States, including GES , Spiro , ShowTech , Poken , Visit , Visit by GES , Brewster Inc. design , Brewster Attractions Explore design , Brewster Hospitality Refresh design , Glacier Skywalk , Above Banff , Explore Rockies , FLYOVER design , FLYOVER ICELAND design, FLYOVER Canada design, Mount Royal, GES Event Intelligence AG , Pursuit , by Pursuit , Kaffi Grandi, Sk Lagoon , Soaring Over Canada , Elk + Avenue Hotel , Brewster Epic Summer Pass , and escape.connect.refresh.explore . 
 Government Regulation and Compliance 
 The principal rules and regulations affecting our day-to-day business relate to our employees (such as regulations implemented by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, equal employment opportunity laws, guidelines implemented pursuant to the Americans 
 7 

with Disabilities Act, and general federal and state employment laws), unionized labor (such as guidelines imposed by the National Labor Relations Act), United States and Canadian regulations relating to national parks (such as regulations established by Parks Canada, the United States Department of the Interior, and the United States National Park Service), United States and Canadian regulations relating to boating (such as regulations implemented by the United States Coast Guard and Canadian Coast Guard and state boating laws), and transportation (such as regulations promulgated by the United States Department of Transportation and its state counterparts). 
 Our current and former businesses are subject to federal and state environmental regulations. Compliance with these provisions, and environmental stewardship generally, is key to our ongoing operations. To date, these provisions have not had, and we do not expect them to have, a material effect on our results of current and discontinued operations. 
 On July 18, 2020, an off-road Ice Explorer operated by our Pursuit business was involved in an accident while enroute to the Athabasca Glacier, resulting in three fatalities and multiple other serious injuries. We continue to support the victims and their families. We immediately reported the accident to our relevant insurance carriers, who are also supporting the investigation and subsequent claims. In May 2022, we received charges from the Canadian office of Occupational Health and Safety in relation to this accident. We continue to cooperate fully with regulatory agencies regarding this accident. In addition, we believe that our reserves and, subject to customary deductibles, our insurance coverage is sufficient to cover potential claims and regulatory fines related to this accident. 
 Human Capital 
 Our people drive our success. We foster a culture that is equitable and inclusive, celebrates our talent, and prioritizes the safety and wellness of our teams, clients, and guests. We are committed to cultivating an environment where people of all different backgrounds feel a sense of belonging and contribute to our continued success. 
 We had the following number of employees as of December 31, 2022: 

Number of Employees (1) 

GES 

2,440 

Pursuit 

913 

Viad Corporate 

34 

Total 

3,387 

(1) Includes 505 employees covered by collective bargaining agreements and excludes seasonal or temporary employees. The employees covered by collective bargaining agreements are largely used to staff GES shows, events, and production facilities pursuant to business demands. The transportation teams at Pursuit s Banff Jasper Collection are covered by collective bargaining agreements as well as the majority of our Iceland workforce. We believe that relations with our employees are good and that collective bargaining agreements expiring in 2023 will be renegotiated in the ordinary course of business without adverse effects on our operations. 

GES hires temporary employees on a show-by-show basis. The number of temporary employees fluctuates depending on the size and location of the exhibition or event. Pursuit hires approximately 2,000 seasonal employees during the peak summer months to help operate its attractions and hospitality properties. 
 We are governed by a Board of Directors comprising eight non-employee directors and one employee director, and we have an executive management team with six executive officers. 
 Diversity, inclusion, and belonging 
 We take pride in our diverse community. We believe diversity and gender equality are critical to building a thriving workplace. We strive to create an environment where people of all different backgrounds feel a sense of belonging and contribute to our continued success. To make our workplace as inclusive and safe as possible, we have diversity and inclusion training integrated into our Always Honest Compliance and Ethics Program. 
 We do not discriminate against employees or applicants based on race, color, age, disability, ethnicity, citizenship, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, genetics or genetic information, or any other categories protected by applicable law. We are committed to equal opportunity in all of our employment activities, including, but not limited to, recruitment, hiring, compensation, determination of benefits, training, promotion, and discipline. We also provide reasonable accommodations to disabled persons, so all employees can achieve success in the workplace. 
 We take pride in the diverse and talented group of people that make up our Board of Directors, executive management team, and employees. We understand the value that a diverse workforce of varying genders, ethnicity, background, and experience brings to the Company and we are focused on improving diversity at all levels. With our appointment of Beverly K. Carmichael and Patrick T. 
 8 

LaValley to our Board of Directors in 2022, we now have three female Board members and two minorities out of a total of eight non-employee Board members. In 2022, more than 45 of our overall global workforce was female. 
 As a devoted steward to our communities, we are committed to increasing the diversity of our workforce to better reflect the communities in which we operate. We have undertaken initiatives, which go beyond legal compliance, to recruit from diverse audiences, such as minorities, women, and veterans. These efforts include leveraging inclusive job-posting sites and sharing job postings with community partners. 
 As part of our commitment to developing our employees and furthering their professional growth, we have programs in place including GES Business Development Mentor Program and the newly launched training platform for people leaders, including Spiro.You at Spiro, Sales Leadership Program at GES Exhibitions, and Leaders Journey at Pursuit. These programs connect new hires, which are recent graduates, with leaders within our organization and is designed to accelerate their career trajectory. 
 Our emphasis on equality permeates throughout the organization and helps drive our success. For example, we conduct periodic employee engagement surveys to help us understand, recognize, and respect the diversity within our team. These surveys help shape our training and development plans to ensure we are maintaining an inclusive culture by engaging, developing, and retaining our talented team members across the globe. 
 Safety and well-being 
 The safety and well-being of team members, clients, and guests is a leading core value. We believe that maintaining strong standards of health and safety improves employee productivity and operational efficiency and enhances employee well-being. 
 Our employees have a responsibility to maintain a safe and healthy work environment. We take prompt action to correct unsafe or hazardous conditions; we promptly report work-related accidents and injuries in accordance with established procedures and applicable laws; we strive to follow all established work rules related to safety; we educate our workers to ensure they understand the risks, know how to handle hazardous products safely, and are familiar with available information for all hazardous materials used. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we rapidly designed and implemented enhanced health and safety protocols to protect our team members who continued to perform critical on-site and front-line work serving our clients and guests. 
 Both Pursuit and GES have implemented business-specific programs that support our commitment to the safety and well-being of our team members, clients, and guests. Pursuit s Safety Promise is our commitment to the safety and well-being of our guests and staff. Through this program, we ensure that everyone feels safe when visiting our experiences and that these places can continue to make a positive impact. GES Always On Health and Safety Program was designed by our safety team to protect our employees, customers, partners, and event attendees. GES employees are committed to adhering to all local government and facility requirements and those established in conjunction with our partners and clients. Safe, reliable delivery of events is one of our most significant responsibilities. 
 Compliance and ethics 
 We believe that maintaining a culture of high ethical standards gives us a distinct advantage in recruiting and retaining top talent, delivering the best experience for our customers, and attracting shareholders. Our Always Honest Compliance and Ethics Program, with the full support of our Board of Directors, has guided us since 1994 to translate integrity into our everyday behavior and actions. The Always Honest Compliance and Ethics Program guides our employees to act honestly, ethically, and always in compliance with the law. 
 Community involvement 
 Giving back to the community is very important to us. We are committed to making a positive impact within the communities we serve through educational programs such as GES Exhibition Sponsorships, volunteer services, and environmental/economic sustainable efforts in the community. Many of our offices pull together to volunteer and support local and national organizations. The Banff Jasper Collection was awarded Corporate Citizen of the Year in Jasper, Alberta in recognition of its community building efforts. Pursuit also supported an exchange of learning and renewed its dedication to reconciliation with local Indigenous communities through a variety of initiatives and programs. 
 Rewards and performance management 
 Beyond a competitive salary, we offer a range of healthcare benefits to full-time employees, their spouses, and dependents. We encourage our employees to grow professionally with ongoing training and internal career opportunities. We utilize a performance review process, which aligns our core competencies to our core values, and a performance management cycle, which provides a framework designed to maximize performance and cultivate talent. Short- and long-term incentive compensation for senior managers and executives is based on the Company s performance and/or stock performance. 
 9 

Available Information 
 We were incorporated in Delaware in 1991. Our common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol VVI. 
 Our website address is www.viad.com . All of our Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings, including our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, are available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file that material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The information contained on our website is neither a part of, nor incorporated by reference into, this 2022 Form 10-K. 
 Our investor relations website is www.viad.com/investors/investor-center/default.aspx and includes key information about our corporate governance initiatives, including our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Board of Directors committee charters, our Code of Ethics, and information concerning our Board members and how to communicate with them. 
 Item 1A. Risk F actors 
 Our operations and financial results are subject to known and unknown risks. As a result, past financial performance and historical trends may not be reliable indicators of our future performance. 
 Macroeconomic Risks 
 We are vulnerable to deterioration in general economic conditions . Our business is particularly sensitive to fluctuations in general economic conditions in the United States and other global markets in which we operate. A decline in global or regional economic conditions, or consumers fears that economic conditions will decline, whether due to inflation, rising interest rates, or other economic, pandemic or geopolitical uncertainties could cause declining consumer or corporate spending, travel disruptions, unemployment, fluctuations in stock markets and interest rates, contraction of credit availability, or other dynamic factors affecting economic conditions generally. For example, in response to high inflation, the United States Federal Reserve began to raise its benchmark interest rates in March 2022 and continued to increase interest rates throughout 2022. This has increased our interest expense on our variable rate debt. The additional impacts of these macroeconomic developments on our operations cannot be predicted with certainty. The success of our GES business largely depends on the number of exhibitions or other live events held, the size of marketing expenditures at those events, and on the strength of particular industries that support those events. The number and size of live events and related marketing expenditures generally decrease when the economy weakens. We also could suffer from reduced spending for our services because many live event marketing budgets are partly discretionary and are frequently among the first expenditures reduced when economic conditions deteriorate. In addition, revenue from our Pursuit operations depends largely on the amount of disposable income that consumers have available for travel and vacations, which decreases during periods of weak general economic conditions. As a result, any deterioration in general economic conditions could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Travel industry disruptions, particularly those affecting the hotel and airline industries, could adversely affect our business. Our business depends largely on the ability and willingness of people, whether exhibitors, event attendees, tourists, or others, to travel. Factors adversely affecting the travel industry, and particularly the airline and hotel industries, generally also adversely affect our business and results of operations. Factors that could adversely affect the travel industry include high or rising fuel prices, levels of consumer discretionary or corporate marketing spendings, increased security and passport requirements, weather conditions, health epidemics, pandemics and endemics, airline accidents, acts of terrorism, and international political instability and hostilities. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic and social distancing orders resulted in severe global travel restrictions, closure or reduction in capacity of event venues, hotels, attractions and other operations, and reluctance of customers to travel. These circumstances had severe effects on our businesses. A decline in travel-related consumer discretionary or corporate marketing spend, or the occurrence of other pandemic or geopolitical events or hostilities that affect the availability and pricing of air travel and accommodations, could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Our overall level of indebtedness, as well as our financial covenants under our revolving credit facility, could limit our operational and financial flexibility and make us more vulnerable to adverse economic conditions. As of December 31, 2022, our debt totaled 481.8 million, including 395.0 million outstanding on our Term Loan B, financing lease obligations of 64.7 million, and 22.1 million in other debt. As of December 31, 2022, capacity remaining under the revolving credit facility was 86.7 million. As a result of our indebtedness, we are required to make interest and principal payments on our borrowings, which are significant. These payments reduce our cash available, which could limit our ability to respond to market conditions or take advantage of potential acquisitions and strategic investments. To manage our exposure to interest rate movements, we entered into an interest rate cap agreement on 300 million of our Term B Loan on January 4, 2023. Refer to Note 24 Subsequent Events . 
 In addition, our ability to draw on our revolving credit facility depends on our ability to meet certain financial covenants. This exposes us to various risks, uncertainties, and events beyond our control, including the impact of adverse economic conditions (including inflation, rising interest rates, or a recession) and public health crises (including the COVID-19 pandemic). If we are unable to maintain compliance with these covenants, our lenders may exercise remedies against us, including the acceleration of any outstanding 
 10 

indebtedness on our revolving credit facility. Under this circumstance, we might not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy all of our obligations, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and related responsive actions have adversely affected our financial condition, liquidity, and cash flow, and may continue to do so in the future. The COVID-19 pandemic forced the cancellation of many of our events and the temporary closure of substantially all of our attractions, hotels, and other operations. The substantial reduction in our operations resulted in significant losses and negative cash flow from operations in 2020 and 2021. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic caused governments, public institutions, and other organizations to impose quarantines and lockdowns; restrictions and bans on travel or transportation; limitations on the size of in-person gatherings; closures of, or occupancy or other operating limitations on, work facilities, lodging facilities, food and beverage establishments, schools, public buildings, and businesses, including cancellation of exhibitions, sporting events, conferences and meetings; and quarantines and lock-downs. These actions dramatically reduced travel and demand for travel related services and live event experiences, which negatively impacted our business, operations, and financial results. Although many of these restrictions, bans, limitations, closures and mandates have eased or been lifted, they may be reinstituted from time to time in varying degrees by various jurisdictions as resurgences and variants emerge. The extent to which COVID-19 or other health epidemics, pandemics or endemics impacts our business, operations, and financial results will depend on the factors described above and numerous other evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict or assess, including the duration and scope of impact on global and regional economies and economic activity, short and longer-term impact on the demand for travel, transient and group business, and levels of consumer confidence and how quickly economies, travel activity, and demand for lodging recovers. A resurgence in cases of COVID-19 or another pandemic could further materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our businesses will face new challenges presented by the ramifications of the COVID-19 pandemic . In addition to the direct economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, it is clear that as our businesses have begun to recover, they are operating in new environments in light of societal, regulatory, and industry changes that have occurred since March 2020. Our ability to continue to adjust to these changes and deliver expected business results may be hampered by ongoing uncertainty presented by the COVID-19 pandemic in terms of proper safety protocols, social norms, labor shortages, supply chain interruptions, and a potential of uneven demand for our services. In addition, our ability to deliver such services and otherwise execute against our recovery and growth strategies may be impacted by the extreme reduction of our workforce during the pandemic and the resulting loss of knowledge of and experience in our businesses. Taken together, our ability to anticipate and adjust to these ongoing changes and new conditions may lead to additional costs, which may materially and adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 Transportation disruptions and increases in transportation costs could adversely affect our business and results of operations. GES relies on independent transportation carriers to send materials and exhibits to and from exhibition, warehouse, and customer facilities. If our customers and suppliers are unable to secure the services of those independent transportation carriers at favorable rates, it could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, disruption of transportation services due to shortage of supply chain labor, including qualified commercial truck drivers; shipping capacity constraints, including shortages of related equipment; weather-related problems; labor strikes; lockouts; or other events could adversely affect our ability to supply services to customers and could cause the cancellation or curtailment of exhibitions, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Natural disasters, weather conditions, accidents, and other catastrophic events could negatively affect our business. The occurrence of catastrophic events ranging from natural disasters (such as hurricanes, fires, floods, and earthquakes), acts of war or terrorism, accidents involving our travel offerings or experiences, the effects of climate change, including any impact of global warming, or the prospect of these events could disrupt our business. Changes in climates may increase the frequency and intensity of adverse weather patterns and make certain destinations less desirable. 
 Such catastrophic events have, and could have, an adverse impact on Pursuit, which is heavily dependent on the ability and willingness of its guests to travel and/or visit our attractions. Pursuit guests tend to delay or postpone vacations if natural conditions differ from those that typically prevail at competing lodges, resorts, and attractions, and catastrophic events and heightened travel security measures instituted in response to such events could impede the guests ability to travel, and interrupt our business operations, including damaging our properties. For example, the accident on July 18, 2020, at Pursuit s Glacier Adventure attraction, which involved one of our off-road Ice Explorers and resulted in three fatalities and other serious injuries, may have a negative impact on our reputation and traveler willingness to visit that attraction in the future. 
 Such catastrophic events could also have a negative impact on GES, causing a cancellation of exhibitions and other events held in public venues or disrupt the services we provide to our customers at convention centers, exhibition halls, hotels, and other public venues. Such events could also have a negative impact on GES production facilities, preventing us from timely completing exhibit fabrication and other projects for customers. In addition, unfavorable media attention, or negative publicity, in the wake of any catastrophic event or accident could damage our reputation or reduce the demand for our services. If the conditions arising from such events persist or worsen, they could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 11 

Strategic, Business, and Operational Risks 
 We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate this material weakness or maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting in the future, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable laws and regulations could be impaired. We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting and have restated our financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2022. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The identified material weakness remained unremediated as of December 31, 2022. If we are unable to remediate the existing material weakness, experience additional material weaknesses or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls in the future, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations or prevent fraud, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 
 The seasonality of our business makes us particularly sensitive to adverse events during peak periods. The peak activity for our Pursuit business is during the summer months, as the vast majority of Pursuit s revenue is earned in the second and third quarters. Our GES exhibition and event activity varies significantly because it is based on the frequency and timing of shows, many of which are not held each year, and which may shift between quarters. If adverse events or conditions occur during these peak periods, such as the COVID-19 pandemic or natural disasters such as forest fires, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 New capital projects may not be commercially successful . From time to time, we pursue capital projects in order to enhance and expand our business, such as FlyOver, which includes FlyOver Canada in Vancouver, FlyOver Iceland, FlyOver Las Vegas, and the current development of FlyOver Chicago and FlyOver Canada Toronto, as well as other efforts to upgrade some of our Pursuit offerings. Capital projects are subject to a number of risks, including the failure to achieve established financial and strategic goals. For example, our FlyOver attractions are all considered one reporting unit and goodwill is assigned to, and tested at, the reporting unit level. Significant reductions in FlyOver s expected future revenue, operating income, or cash flow forecasts and projections, or changes in macroeconomic facts and circumstances, particularly high inflation and the resulting rise in interest rates, may result in impairment charges in the future. Capital projects are also subject to unanticipated delays and cost overruns as well as additional project-specific risks. For example, we had to postpone FlyOver Canada Toronto due to the COVID-19 pandemic, permitting, and approval delays. A prolonged delay in a capital project, or our failure to accurately predict the revenue or profit that will be generated from a project, could prevent it from performing in accordance with our commercial expectations and could materially and adversely affect our future success, business, and results of operations. 
 We operate in highly competitive and dynamic industries. Competition in the live events markets is driven by price and service quality, among other factors. To the extent competitors seek to gain or retain market presence through aggressive underpricing strategies, we may be required to lower our prices and rates to avoid the loss of related business. Moreover, customer consolidations and other actions within the industry have caused downward pricing pressure for our products and services and could affect our ability to negotiate favorable terms with our customers. If we are unable to anticipate and respond as effectively as our competitors to changing business conditions, including new technologies and business models, we could lose market share. Our inability to meet the challenges presented by the competitive and dynamic environment of our industry could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We depend on our large exhibition event clients to renew their service contracts and on our exclusive right to provide those services. GES has a number of large exhibition event organizers and large customer accounts. If any of these large clients do not renew their service contracts, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Moreover, when event organizers hire GES as the official services contractor, they usually also grant GES an exclusive right to perform material handling, electrical, rigging, and other services at the exhibition facility. However, some exhibition facilities have taken certain steps to in-source certain event services (either by performing the services themselves or by hiring a separate service provider) as a result of conditions generally affecting their industry, such as an increased supply of or reduced demand for exhibition space. If exhibition facilities choose to in-source certain event services, GES will lose the ability to provide certain event services, and our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Show rotation affects our profitability and makes comparisons between periods difficult. GES results are largely dependent upon the frequency, timing, and location of exhibitions and events. Some large exhibitions are not held annually (they may be held once every two, three, or four years) or may be held at different times of the year from when they were previously held. In addition, the same exhibition may change locations from year to year resulting in lower margins if the exhibition shifts to a higher-cost location. Any of these factors could cause our results of operations to fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter or from year to year, making periodic comparisons difficult. 
 Completed acquisitions may not perform as anticipated or be integrated as planned. We regularly evaluate and pursue opportunities to acquire businesses that complement, enhance, or expand our current business, or offer growth opportunities. Our acquired businesses might not meet our financial and non-financial expectations or yield anticipated benefits. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to 
 12 

conform controls, policies and procedures, and business cultures; consolidate and streamline operations and infrastructures; identify and eliminate redundant and underperforming operations and assets; manage inefficiencies associated with the integration of operations; and retain the acquired business s key personnel and customers. Moreover, our acquisition activity may subject us to new regulatory requirements, distract our senior management and employees, and expose us to unknown liabilities or contingencies that we may fail to identify prior to closing. If we are forced to make changes to our business strategy or if external conditions adversely affect our business operations, such as unfavorable macroeconomic conditions (particularly high inflation and the resulting rise in interest rates), it may be difficult for us to accurately forecast revenue, operating income, or cash flow, and we may be required to record impairment charges in the future. Additionally, we may borrow funds to finance strategic acquisitions. Debt leverage resulting from future acquisitions would reduce our debt capacity, increase our interest expense, and limit our ability to capitalize on future business opportunities. Such borrowings may also be subject to fluctuations in interest rates. Any of these risks could materially and adversely affect our business, product and service sales, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We are subject to currency exchange rate fluctuations. We have operations outside of the United States primarily in Canada, the United Kingdom, Iceland, the Netherlands, and Germany. During 2022, our international operations accounted for approximately 38 of our consolidated revenue and 70 of our segment operating income. Consequently, a significant portion of our business is exposed to currency exchange rate fluctuations. We do not currently hedge equity risk arising from the translation of non-United States denominated assets and liabilities. Our financial results and capital ratios are sensitive to movements in currency exchange rates because a large portion of our assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses must be translated into U.S. dollars for reporting purposes. The unrealized gains or losses resulting from the currency translation are included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We also have certain loans and leases in currencies other than the entity s functional currency, which results in gains or losses as exchange rates fluctuate. As a result, significant fluctuations in currency exchange rates could result in material changes to our results of operations and the net equity position we report in our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Liabilities relating to prior and discontinued operations may adversely affect our results of operations. We and our predecessors have a corporate history spanning decades and involving diverse businesses. Some of those businesses owned properties and used raw materials that have been, and may continue to be, subject to litigation. Moreover, some of the raw materials used and the waste produced by those businesses have been and are the subject of United States federal and state environmental regulations, including laws enacted under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, or its state law counterparts. In addition, we may incur other liabilities resulting from indemnification claims involving previously sold properties and subsidiaries, or obligations under defined benefit plans or other employee plans, as well as claims from past operations of predecessors or their subsidiaries. Although we believe we have adequate reserves and sufficient insurance coverage to cover those potential liabilities, future events or proceedings could render our reserves or insurance protections inadequate, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Labor and Employment Risks 
 Our business has been and may continue to be adversely affected by labor shortages, turnover, and labor cost increases . We rely heavily on our global workforce, including many seasonal and temporary employees. Several factors, including factors related to the COVID-19 pandemic, have resulted and may continue to result in labor shortages, turnover, and increased labor costs, including high employment levels and demand for employees; unemployment subsidies; the freezing of visa programs; increased wages offered by other employers; vaccine mandates and other government regulations and our responses thereto. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our ability to hire qualified team members and, therefore negatively impact our business and results of operations. 
 Our business is relationship driven. Our GES business is heavily focused on client relationships, and, specifically, on having close collaboration and interaction with our clients. To be successful, our account teams must be able to understand clients desires and expectations in order to provide top-quality service. If we are unable to maintain our client relationships, including due to the loss of key members of our account teams, we could also lose customers and our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 If we lose any of our key personnel, our ability to manage our business and continue our growth could be negatively impacted. Our success, at least in part, depends on the continued contributions of our executive team and key personnel. If one or more of our key personnel were to resign or otherwise terminate employment with us, we could experience operational disruptions. In addition, we do not maintain key person insurance on any of our executive employees or key personnel. 
 Union-represented labor increases our risk of higher labor costs and work stoppages. Significant portions of our employees are unionized. We have approximately 100 collective bargaining agreements, and we are required to renegotiate approximately one-third of those each year. If we increase wages or benefits as a result of labor negotiations, either our operating margins will suffer, or we could increase the cost of our services to our customers, which could lead those customers to turn to other vendors with lower prices. Either event could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Additionally, if we are unable to reach an agreement with a union during the collective bargaining process, the union may strike or carry out other types of work stoppages. If this were to occur, we might be unable to find substitute workers with the necessary skills to 
 13 

perform many of the services, or we may incur additional costs to do so, both of which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Our participation in multi-employer pension plans could substantially increase our pension costs. We sponsor a number of defined benefit plans for our United States and Canada-based employees. In addition, we are obligated to contribute to multi-employer pension plans under collective bargaining agreements covering our union-represented employees. We contributed 17.5 million in 2022, 7.1 million in 2021, and 8.6 million in 2020 to those multi-employer pension plans. Third-party boards of trustees manage these multi-employer plans. Based upon the information we receive from plan administrators, we believe that several of those multi-employer plans are underfunded. The Pension Protection Act of 2006 requires us to reduce the underfunded status over defined time periods. Moreover, we would be required to make additional payments of our proportionate share of a plan s unfunded vested liabilities if a plan terminates, or other contributing employers withdraw, due to insolvency or other reasons, or if we voluntarily withdraw from a plan. At this time, we do not anticipate triggering any significant withdrawal from any multi-employer pension plan to which we currently contribute. However, significant plan contribution increases could materially and adversely affect our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Refer to Note 18 Pension and Postretirement Benefits of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of our 2022 Form 10-K) for further information. 
 Cybersecurity and Data Privacy Risks 
 We are vulnerable to cybersecurity attacks and threats. Our devices, servers, cloud-based solutions, computer systems, and business systems are vulnerable to cybersecurity risk, including cyberattacks, or we may be the target of email scams that attempt to acquire personal information and company assets. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, many of our employees switched to working remotely, which magnifies the importance of integrity of our remote access security measures. Despite our efforts to protect ourselves with insurance, and create security barriers to such threats, including regularly reviewing our systems for vulnerabilities and continually updating our protections, we might not be able to entirely mitigate these risks. Our failure to effectively prevent, detect, and recover from the increasing number and sophistication of information security threats could lead to business interruptions, delays or loss of critical data, misuse, modification, or destruction of information, including trade secrets and confidential business information, reputational damage, and third-party claims, any of which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. Moreover, the cost of protecting against cybersecurity attacks and threats is expensive and expected to increase going forward. 
 Laws and regulations relating to the handling of personal data are evolving and could result in increased costs, legal claims, or fines. We store and process the personally identifiable information of our customers, employees, and third parties with whom we have business relationships. The legal requirements restricting the way we store, collect, handle, and transfer personal data continue to evolve, and there are an increasing number of authorities issuing privacy laws and regulations. These data privacy laws and regulations are subject to differing interpretations, creating uncertainty and inconsistency across jurisdictions. Our compliance with these myriad requirements could involve making changes in our services, business practices, or internal systems, any of which could increase our costs, lower revenue, or reduce efficiency. Our failure to comply with existing or new rules could result in significant penalties or orders to stop the alleged noncompliant activity, litigation, adverse publicity, or could cause our customers to lose trust in our services. In addition, if the third parties we work with violate applicable laws, contractual obligations to us, or suffer a security breach, those violations could also put us in breach of our obligations under privacy laws and regulations. In addition, the costs of maintaining adequate protection, including insurance protection against such threats, as they develop in the future (or as legal requirements related to data security increase) are expected to increase and could be material. Any of these risks could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Item 1B. Unresolve d Staff Comments 
 None. 
 Item 2. Pr operties 
 We lease our corporate headquarters in Scottsdale, Arizona. Our other principal properties are owned or leased by Pursuit and GES. 
 Pursuit primarily owns its properties, both domestically and internationally, and leases its properties related to the FlyOver attractions. Pursuit s properties mainly include attractions, hotels and lodges, retail stores, and offices. Properties located in Canada are subject to multiple long-term ground leases with their respective governments. For further information on Pursuit s attractions and hospitality assets, refer to Business (Part I, Item 1 of this 2022 Form 10-K), which information is incorporated by reference herein. 
 GES leases its properties, both domestically and internationally. GES properties consist of offices and multi-use facilities. Multi-use facilities include manufacturing, sales and design, office, storage and/or warehouse, and truck marshaling yards. Multi-use facilities vary in size. Our largest multi-use facility in the United States is approximately 609,000 square feet and our largest foreign multi-use facility is in Canada at approximately 81,000 square feet. 
 14 

We believe our owned and leased properties are adequate and suitable for our business operations and that capacity is sufficient for current needs. For additional information related to our lease obligations, refer to Note 12 Debt and Finance Obligations and Note 20 Leases and Other of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this 2022 Form 10-K), which information is incorporated by reference herein. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 Refer to Note 21 Litigation, Claims, Contingencies, and Other of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this 2022 Form 10-K) for information regarding legal proceedings in which we are involved, which information is incorporated by reference herein. 
 Item 4. Mine Saf ety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 Other. Information about our executive Offic ers 
 Our executive officers as of the date of this 2022 Form 10-K were as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Business Experience During the Past Five Years and Other Information 

Steven W. Moster 
 
 53 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer of Viad since 2014; President of GES from November 2010 to February 2019; prior thereto, held various executive management roles within the GES organization, including Executive Vice President-Chief Sales Marketing Officer from 2008 to February 2010; Executive Vice President-Products and Services from 2006 to 2008; and Vice President-Products Services Business from 2005 to 2006; and prior thereto, Engagement Manager, Management Strategy Consulting for McKinsey Company, a global management consulting firm, from 2000 to 2004. Mr. Moster is a director of Cavco Industries, Inc (NASDAQ: CVCO), which designs and produces factory-built housing products, and serves as the Chair of the Compensation Committee. 

Ellen M. Ingersoll 
 
 58 
 
 Chief Financial Officer since July 2002; prior thereto, Vice President-Controller or similar position since 2002; prior thereto, Controller of CashX, Inc., a service provider of stored value internet cards, from June 2001 through October 2001; prior thereto, Operations Finance Director of LeapSource, Inc., a provider of business process outsourcing, since January 2000; and prior thereto, Vice President and Controller of Franchise Finance Corporation of America, a real estate investment trust, from 1992 to 2000. 

David W. Barry 
 
 60 
 
 President of Pursuit since June 2015; prior thereto, Chief Executive Officer and President of Trust Company of America, an independent registered investment adviser custodian, from 2011 to June 2015; prior thereto, Chief Executive Officer of Alpine/CMH, a helicopter skiing company, from 2007 to 2011; and prior thereto, Chief Operating Officer for all United States resort operations of Intrawest Corporation (formerly NYSE: IDR) (now Alterra Mountain Company) a North American mountain resort and adventure company, from 2004 to 2007. 

Derek P. Linde 
 
 47 
 
 Chief Operating Officer, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since March 2022, and General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since 2018; prior thereto, Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Secretary at Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE: ITW), a diversified manufacturer of specialized industrial equipment, from 2014 to 2018, and Associate General Counsel and Assistant Secretary from 2011 to 2014; and prior thereto, a partner at the law firm of Winston Strawn LLP. 

Jeffrey A. Stelmach 
 
 55 
 
 President of GES Brand Experiences since August 2021; prior thereto, Group President of Stadium Red Group, a collective of specialist agencies, from 2020 to 2021; prior thereto, President of Opus Holding Group of Opus Agency, a global event design and experiential agency, from 2018 to 2020; and prior thereto, President of U.S. Experiential Marketing and Shopper Marketing of Mosaic, a sales and merchandising, experiential marketing and interactive firm, from 2009 to 2018. 

Leslie S. Striedel 
 
 60 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer since 2014; prior thereto, Vice President of Finance from March 2014 to April 2014; prior thereto, Vice President of Finance and Administration or similar positions with Colt Defense LLC, a firearms manufacturer, from 2010 to 2013; prior thereto, Vice President of Finance, Director of Financial Reporting and Compliance, and Corporate Controller of White Electronics Designs Corp. (formerly NASDAQ: WEDC) (now a wholly owned subsidiary of Microchip Technology Inc.), a circuits and semiconductors manufacturer, from 2004 to 2010; prior 

15 

thereto, Corporate Controller of MD Helicopters, an international helicopter manufacturer, from 2002 to 2004; prior thereto, Corporate Controller of Fluke Networks (formerly Microtest, Inc. NASDAQ: MTST), a manufacturing and technology company, from 1999 to 2002; and prior thereto, Senior Tax Manager for KPMG LLP, a global firm providing audit, tax, and advisory services, from 1998 to 1999. 

Our executive officers term of office is until our next Board of Directors annual organization meeting scheduled to be held on May 24, 2023. 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stoc kholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol VVI. 
 Holders 
 As of February 21, 2023, there were 4,422 shareholders of record of our common stock, including 125 shareholders that had not converted their shares following a reverse stock split effective on July 1, 2004. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 

Average Price Paid Per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Maximum Number of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 

October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 

546,283 

November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 

546,283 

December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 

546,283 

Total 

546,283 

Pursuant to previously announced authorizations, our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase shares of our common stock from time to time at prevailing market prices. Effective February 7, 2019, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of an additional 500,000 shares. In March 2020, our Board of Directors suspended future dividend payments and our share repurchase program for the foreseeable future. The Board of Directors authorization does not have an expiration date. 
 16 

Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the change in the cumulative total shareholder return, from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022, on our common stock, the Standard Poor s SmallCap 600 Hotels, Restaurants Leisure, the Standard Poor s SmallCap 600 Media Index, the Standard Poor s SmallCap 600 Commercial Services Supplies Index, the Standard Poor s SmallCap 600 Index, the Russell 2000 Index, and Standard Poor s 500 Index (assuming reinvestment of dividends, as applicable). The graph assumes 100 was invested on December 31, 2017. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Viad Corp 

100.00 

91.09 

123.54 

66.42 

78.58 

44.79 

S P 500 

100.00 

95.61 

125.70 

148.81 

191.48 

156.77 

Russell 2000 

100.00 

88.97 

111.65 

133.90 

153.70 

122.25 

S P SmallCap 600 

100.00 

91.48 

112.28 

124.90 

158.30 

132.74 

S P SmallCap 600 Comm. Services Supplies 

100.00 

89.56 

110.59 

97.22 

104.10 

90.72 

S P SmallCap 600 Media 

100.00 

116.86 

125.48 

118.77 

192.91 

103.48 

S P SmallCap 600 Hotels, Restaurants Leisure 

100.00 

105.41 

116.43 

147.66 

143.37 

114.16 

Item 6. RES ERVED 

17 

Item 7. Manage ment s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis MD A should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes. The MD A is intended to assist in understanding our financial condition and results of operations. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated due to various factors discussed under Risk Factors , Forward-Looking Statements , and elsewhere in this 2022 Form 10-K. 
 Overview 
 We are a leading global provider of extraordinary experiences, including hospitality and leisure activities, experiential marketing, and live events. We operate through three reportable segments: Pursuit, Spiro, and GES Exhibitions. 
 During the first quarter of 2022, we rebranded GES brand experiences business and introduced Spiro to the market to accelerate our growth by servicing the changing needs of today s brand marketers across a broader spectrum of their experiential marketing needs. Spiro and GES Exhibitions are both live event businesses and are collectively referred to as GES. 
 Results of Operations 
 Financial Highlights 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Change 2022 vs. 2021 
 
 Change 2021 vs. 2020 

Total revenue 

1,127,311 

507,340 

415,435 

22.1 

Net income (loss) attributable to Viad 

23,220 

(92,655) 

(374,094) 

75.2 

Segment operating income (loss) (1) 

68,944 

(47,002) 

(116,240) 

59.6 

Diluted income (loss) per common share from continuing operations attributable to Viad common stockholders 

0.52 

(5.04) 

(18.55) 

72.8 

Change is greater than +/- 100 
 (1) Refer to Note 23 Segment Information of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this 2022 Form 10-K) for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure, segment operating income (loss), to the most directly comparable GAAP measure. 

2022 compared with 2021 
 Total revenue increased 620.0 million, primarily due to increased revenue at GES of 507.7 million as live event activity at GES continued to improve and as certain previously canceled shows in 2021 took place during 2022, although on average at reduced capacities from pre-COVID-19 levels. Pursuit revenue increased 112.3 million, primarily due to increased visitation at Pursuit s Canadian attractions, as well as incremental performance from Pursuit s new experiences that were opened or acquired after January 1, 2021, which contributed revenue of 43.2 million during 2022 as compared to 15.6 million during 2021. 

Net income attributable to Viad was 23.2 million during 2022 as compared to a net loss of 92.7 million during 2021. This improvement of 115.9 million was primarily due to higher revenue and a gain on sale of GES United States audio-visual production business, ON Services, of 19.6 million, offset in part by higher expenses. 

Total segment operating income was 68.9 million during 2022 as compared to a loss of 47.0 million during 2021. This improvement of 115.9 million was primarily due to higher revenue at GES and Pursuit, offset in part by a non-cash foreign currency unrealized loss of 4.2 million related to a finance lease remeasurement in addition to a 9.1 million gain on sale of a GES warehouse in Orlando during the 2021 period. 

2021 compared with 2020 
 Total revenue increased 91.9 million, primarily due to increased revenue at Pursuit of 110.2 million. Although Pursuit continued to be affected by pandemic-related restrictions in certain international geographies, overall revenue at Pursuit improved from 2020 as health and travel restrictions lessened and people felt more comfortable traveling. Visitation from domestic travelers increased at Pursuit s Glacier Park Collection and the Alaska Collection. Additionally, Canada s border reopened during the third quarter of 2021. There also was strong regional and national demand from Canadians as they were required to stay closer to home. GES revenue decreased 18.3 million as live events remained largely shut down during the 

18 

first half of 2021. Large scale in-person events started to take place during the second half of 2021 with generally lower exhibitor participation and lower attendance than pre-pandemic occurrences. 

Net loss attributable to Viad improved 281.4 million during 2021 as compared to 2020, primarily reflecting impairment charges of 203.1 million recorded during 2020 and higher restructuring charges of 7.4 million recorded during 2020 as compared to 2021, as well as improved segment operating results during 2021 of 69.2 million. 

Total segment operating loss improved 69.2 million during 2021 as compared to 2020, primarily due to the increase in revenue at Pursuit, offset in part by the elimination of performance-based incentives in 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and GES decrease in revenue. 

Analysis of Revenue and Operating Results by Reportable Segment 
 Pursuit 
 The following table presents a comparison of Pursuit s reported revenue and segment operating income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Change 2022 vs. 2021 

Change 2021 vs. 2020 

Revenue (1) : 

Pursuit: 

Attractions 

153,575 

77,860 

28,126 

97.2 

Hospitality 

130,303 

98,878 

45,838 

31.8 

Transportation 

12,798 

5,578 

2,696 

Other 

2,651 

4,732 

150 

(44.0) 

Total Pursuit 

299,327 

187,048 

76,810 

60.0 

Segment operating income (loss) (2) : 

Total Pursuit 

24,031 

4,609 

(42,343) 

Change is greater than +/- 100 
 (1) Revenue by line of business does not agree to Note 2 Revenue and Related Contract Costs and Contract Liabilities of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this 2022 Form 10-K) as the amounts in the above table include product revenue from food and beverage and retail operations within each line of business. 

(2) Refer to Note 23 Segment Information of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this 2022 Form 10-K) for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure, segment operating income (loss), to the most directly comparable GAAP measure. 

2022 compared with 2021 
 Pursuit revenue increased 112.3 million driven by stronger leisure travel to Pursuit s Canadian experiences, resulting from reduced COVID-19 restrictions as well as incremental performance from Pursuit s new experiences. Visitation at Pursuit s Canadian attractions increased nearly 90 as compared to 2021 when Pursuit s operations were impacted by border restrictions and temporary government mandated closures at FlyOver Canada and FlyOver Iceland. Pursuit s new experiences that were opened or acquired after January 1, 2021, including the Sky Lagoon (opened May 2021), the Golden Skybridge (opened June 2021), FlyOver Las Vegas (opened September 2021), the Glacier Raft Company (acquired April 2022), and the Forest Park Alpine Hotel (opened August 2022), contributed revenue of 43.2 million during 2022 as compared to those attractions acquired or opened in 2021 of 15.6 million. 
 Pursuit segment operating income increased 19.4 million primarily due to the increase in revenue, offset in part by a non-cash foreign currency unrealized loss of 4.2 million related to a finance lease remeasurement, higher operating costs, including insurance and compensation-related expenses during 2022, as well as COVID-19 wage subsidies received in 2021 of 11.3 million from the Canadian government s emergency wage subsidy program that did not repeat in 2022. 
 2021 compared with 2020 
 Pursuit revenue increased 110.2 million, which reflected the continued strengthening of leisure travel demand during the second half of 2021 versus 2020 as pandemic-related restrictions lessened and as people started to feel more comfortable traveling. Pursuit was affected by consumer discretionary spending on tourism activities. Travel restrictions and border closures due to the COVID-19 pandemic negatively affected long-haul travelers to Canada and Iceland, which affected customer volumes and the results of operations. Pursuit s seasonal attractions and properties were open starting in the second quarter of 2021 through the end of the year, although some operated at reduced capacities, whereas Pursuit s properties and attractions were temporarily closed in 2020 from mid-March through 
 19 

most of the second quarter. The Glacier Park Collection and the Alaska Collection experienced increased visitation during the 2021 peak season from strong domestic leisure travel, which resulted in an increase in revenue from the Glacier Park Collection of 27.7 million and from the Alaska Collection of 31.1 million. Pursuit opened or acquired three new attractions in 2021, Sky Lagoon, the Golden Skybridge, and FlyOver Las Vegas, which contributed revenue of 15.6 million during 2021. 
 Pursuit segment operating income was 4.6 million during 2021 as compared to a loss of 42.3 million during 2020. This improvement was primarily due to the increase in revenue. 
 Performance Measures 
 We use the following key business metrics to evaluate the performance of Pursuit s attractions business: 
 Number of visitors. The number of visitors allows us to assess the volume of tickets sold at each attraction during the period. 

Revenue per attraction visitor. Revenue per attraction visitor is calculated as total attractions revenue divided by the total number of visitors at all Pursuit attractions during the period. Total attractions revenue includes ticket sales and ancillary revenue generated by attractions, such as food and beverage and retail revenue. Total attractions revenue per visitor measures the total spend per visitor that attraction properties are able to capture, which is important to the profitability of the attractions business. 

Effective ticket price. Effective ticket price is calculated as revenue from the sale of attraction tickets divided by the total number of visitors at all comparable Pursuit attractions during the period. 

We use the following key business metrics, common in the hospitality industry, to evaluate Pursuit s hospitality business: 
 Revenue per Available Room. RevPAR is calculated as total rooms revenue divided by the total number of room nights available for all comparable Pursuit hospitality properties during the period. Total rooms revenue does not include non-rooms revenue, which consists of ancillary revenue generated by hospitality properties, such as food and beverage and retail revenue. RevPAR measures the period-over-period change in rooms revenue per available room for comparable hospitality properties. RevPAR is affected by average daily rate and occupancy, which have different implications on profitability. 

Average Daily Rate. ADR is calculated as total rooms revenue divided by the total number of room nights sold for all comparable Pursuit hospitality properties during the period. ADR is used to assess the pricing levels that the hospitality properties are able to realize. Increases in ADR lead to increases in rooms revenue with no substantial effect on variable costs, therefore having a greater impact on margins than increases in occupancy. 

Occupancy. Occupancy is calculated as the total number of room nights sold divided by the total number of room nights available for all comparable Pursuit hospitality properties during the period. Occupancy measures the utilization of the available capacity at the hospitality properties. Increases in occupancy result in increases in rooms revenue and additional variable operating costs (including housekeeping services, utilities, and room amenity costs), as well as increases in ancillary non-rooms revenue (including food and beverage and retail revenue). 

The following table provides Pursuit s key performance indicators: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Change 

As Reported 

New Experiences (1) 

Same-Store (2) 

As Reported 

New Experiences (1) 

FX Impact (3) 

Same-Store (2) 

As Reported 

Same-Store (2) 

Attractions Key Performance Indicators: 

Number of visitors 

2,931,266 

742,666 

2,188,600 

1,523,173 

330,208 

1,192,965 

92.4 

83.5 

Ticket revenue (in thousands) 

114,936 

31,828 

83,108 

61,166 

12,509 

1,461 

47,196 

87.9 

76.1 

Effective ticket price 

39.21 

42.86 

37.97 

40.16 

37.88 

39.56 

(2.4) 

(4.0) 

Attractions revenue (in thousands) 

153,575 

40,675 

112,900 

77,860 

15,643 

2,015 

60,202 

97.2 

87.5 

Revenue per attraction visitor 

52.39 

54.77 

51.59 

51.12 

47.37 

50.46 

2.5 

2.2 

Hospitality Key Performance Indicators: 

Room nights available 

573,165 

14,978 

558,187 

566,992 

566,992 

1.1 

(1.6) 

Rooms revenue (in thousands) 

77,019 

2,069 

74,950 

57,603 

1,150 

56,453 

33.7 

32.8 

RevPAR 

134.37 

138.14 

134.27 

101.59 

99.57 

32.3 

34.9 

Occupancy 

68.1 

53.3 

68.5 

54.0 

52.7 

26.1 

30.0 

ADR 

197.21 

259.19 

195.91 

187.99 

184.23 

4.9 

6.3 

Hospitality revenue (in thousands) 

130,303 

2,528 

127,775 

98,878 

1,480 

97,398 

31.8 

31.2 

20 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Change 

As Reported 

New Experiences (1) 

Same-Store (2) 

As Reported 

New Experiences (1) 

FX Impact (3) 

Same-Store (2) 

As Reported 

Same-Store (2) 

Attractions Key Performance Indicators: 

Number of visitors 

1,523,173 

335,888 

1,187,285 

678,558 

700 

677,858 

75.2 

Ticket revenue (in thousands) 

61,166 

12,651 

48,515 

19,939 

16 

(974) 

20,897 

Effective ticket price 

40.16 

37.66 

40.86 

29.38 

23.35 

30.83 

36.7 

32.6 

Attractions revenue (in thousands) 

77,860 

15,785 

62,075 

28,126 

16 

(1,424) 

29,534 

Revenue per attraction visitor 

51.12 

46.99 

52.28 

41.45 

23.35 

43.57 

23.3 

20.0 

Hospitality Key Performance Indicators: 

Room nights available 

566,992 

566,992 

387,809 

387,809 

46.2 

46.2 

Rooms revenue (in thousands) 

57,603 

57,603 

26,383 

(1,109) 

27,492 

RevPAR 

101.59 

101.59 

68.03 

70.89 

49.3 

43.3 

Occupancy 

54.0 

54.0 

49.0 

49.0 

10.2 

10.2 

ADR 

187.99 

187.99 

138.72 

138.72 

35.5 

35.5 

Hospitality revenue (in thousands) 

98,878 

98,878 

45,838 

(1,513) 

47,351 

(1) New experiences comprise the following attractions that were opened or acquired after January 1, 2021: Sky Lagoon (opened May 2021), the Golden Skybridge (acquired March 2021 and opened June 2021), FlyOver Las Vegas (opened September 2021), the Glacier Raft Company (acquired April 2022), and Forest Park Alpine Hotel (opened August 2022). 

(2) Same-Store metrics include only attractions and lodging properties that Pursuit operated at full capacity, considering seasonal closures, for the entirety of both periods presented. For experiences located outside the United States, financial metric comparisons to the prior year are expressed on a constant U.S. dollar basis. 

(3) Foreign exchange rate variance effects (or FX Impact represents the adjustments necessary to express prior financial metrics on a constant U.S. dollar basis, using the current year quarterly average exchange rates for previous periods to eliminate the impact of changes in exchange rates for same-store Pursuit experiences located outside of the United States. 

Attractions . The incremental increase in the number of visitors from new experiences that were opened or acquired after January 1, 2021 was primarily driven by Sky Lagoon and FlyOver Las Vegas, which contributed approximately 87 of the total increase. The increase in same-store visitors during 2022 as compared to 2021 was driven by higher visitation during 2022, as visitation was impacted in 2021 by border closures and travel restrictions as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic in addition to the temporary government mandated closures at FlyOver Canada and FlyOver Iceland. 
 The increase in same-store visitors during 2021 as compared to 2020 reflects the temporary closure of our attractions beginning in mid-March 2020 and extending through most of the second quarter of 2020 as a result of COVID-19 in addition to the reopening of the Canadian border during the third quarter of 2021, which accelerated visitation from international travelers. Revenue per attraction visitor increased due to higher effective ticket prices and ancillary revenue. 
 Hospitality . The increase in RevPAR during 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily driven by higher occupancy and to a lesser extent by higher ADR driven by revenue management efforts. 
 Room nights available increased during 2021 as compared to 2020 as all of Pursuit s properties were fully open during the 2021 peak season, whereas in 2020, Pursuit temporarily closed its properties in mid-March 2020 through most of the second quarter of 2020. The increase in RevPAR and ADR was primarily driven by Pursuit s properties being open in 2021. 
 GES 
 During the first quarter of 2022, we changed our segment reporting as a result of operational changes and how our CODM reviews the financial performance of GES and makes decisions regarding the allocation of resources. Accordingly, GES new reportable segments are Spiro and GES Exhibitions. We reclassified prior periods to conform to the current-period presentation. 
 21 

The following table presents a comparison of GES reported revenue and segment operating income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020: 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Change 2022 vs. 2021 

Change 2021 vs. 2020 

Revenue: 

GES: 

Spiro 

277,641 

116,587 

102,027 

14.3 

GES Exhibitions 

557,880 

209,529 

238,705 

(12.2) 

Intersegment eliminations 

(7,537) 

(5,824) 

(2,107) 

(29.4) 

Total GES 

827,984 

320,292 

338,625 

(5.4) 

Segment operating income (loss) (1) 

Spiro 

23,133 

(9,556) 

(41,217) 

76.8 

GES Exhibitions 

21,780 

(42,055) 

(32,680) 

(28.7) 

Total GES 

44,913 

(51,611) 

(73,897) 

30.2 

Change is greater than +/- 100 
 (1) Refer to Note 23 Segment Information of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this 2022 Form 10-K) for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure, segment operating income (loss), to the most directly comparable GAAP measure. 

2022 compared with 2021 
 Spiro and GES Exhibitions revenue increased 161.1 million and 348.4 million, respectively, primarily driven by increased live event activity at both GES Exhibitions and Spiro and the return of large-scale events that were canceled or postponed into the first half of 2021. 
 Spiro and GES Exhibitions segment operating income improved 32.7 million and 63.8 million, respectively, from operating losses in the prior year period primarily due to higher revenue, offset in part by higher costs to support increased business activity, as well as a 9.1 million gain on sale of a GES Exhibitions warehouse in Orlando in 2021. 
 2021 compared with 2020 
 Spiro revenue increased 14.6 million and GES Exhibitions revenue decreased 29.2 million. The net decrease at GES of 18.3 million was primarily due to show postponements and cancellations as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic beginning in mid-March 2020. During the first half of 2021, Spiro and GES Exhibitions serviced clients primarily with virtual and hybrid events while in-person events remained largely shut down. Larger-scale in-person events began to take place toward the end of the second quarter and during the second half of 2021 with generally lower exhibitor participation and lower attendance than pre-pandemic occurrences. Spiro revenue increased due to virtual and hybrid events during 2021, offset in part by shows completed during the first quarter of 2020 prior to the onset of the pandemic. GES Exhibitions revenue decreased due to large shows completed during the first quarter of 2020 prior to the onset of the pandemic, offset in part by virtual and hybrid events during 2021. 
 Spiro segment operating loss improved 31.7 million and GES Exhibitions segment operating loss increased 9.4 million. The net operating loss improvement at GES of 22.3 million during 2021 was primarily due to decreased operating costs through the reduction of head count and facilities, implementation of a flex workforce, and a continued focus on managing discretionary costs. GES Exhibitions segment operating loss increased due to a 9.1 million gain on sale of a warehouse in Orlando in 2021, offset by a 13.5 million gain on sale of a warehouse in San Diego in 2020. 
 22 

Other Expenses 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Change 2022 vs. 2021 

Change 2021 vs. 2020 

Corporate activities 

13,418 

11,689 

8,687 

14.8 

34.6 

Gain on sale of ON Services 

(19,637) 

Interest expense, net 

34,891 

28,324 

17,887 

23.2 

58.3 

Other expense, net 

2,077 

2,070 

1,594 

0.3 

29.9 

Restructuring charges 

3,059 

6,066 

13,440 

(49.6) 

(54.9) 

Impairment charges 

583 

203,076 

(100.0) 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

9,973 

(1,788) 

14,246 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations 

148 

558 

(1,847) 

(73.5) 

Change is greater than +/- 100 . 
 Corporate Activities The increase in corporate activities expense during 2022 relative to 2021 was primarily due to higher performance-based compensation expense. The increase in corporate activities expense during 2021 relative to 2020 was primarily due to higher performance-based compensation expense as we reduced our estimated performance achievement to zero in 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, offset in part by fees and expenses related to the equity raise and credit facility amendment in 2020. 
 Gain on Sale of ON Services On December 15, 2022, we completed the sale of substantially all of the assets of GES United States audio-visual production business, ON Services. We recognized a gain on sale of 19.6 million. 
 Interest Expense, net The increase in interest expense during 2022 relative to 2021 was primarily due to higher interest rates in 2022, offset in part by 3.0 million in capitalized interest recorded during 2022. The increase in interest expense during 2021 relative to 2020 was primarily due to higher interest rates and higher debt balances during 2021. Additionally, as a result of the refinance and the repayment of our then 450 million revolving credit facility, we recorded 2.1 million of interest expense related to the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs during 2021. 
 Restructuring Charges Restructuring charges during 2022, 2021, and 2020 were primarily related to facility closures and severance at GES. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we accelerated our transformation and streamlining efforts at GES to significantly reduce costs and create a lower and more flexible cost structure focused on servicing our more profitable market segments, as well as charges related to the closure of GES United Kingdom based audio-visual services business in 2020. Restructuring charges in 2020 also included the elimination of certain positions at our corporate office. 
 Impairment Charges Impairment charges in 2022 of 0.6 million were related to certain software development costs that were no longer being utilized at GES. Impairment charges in 2020 were related to the deteriorating macroeconomic environment caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, which resulted in disruptions to our operations and the decline in our stock price. We recorded non-cash goodwill impairment charges of 185.8 million, a non-cash impairment charge to intangible assets of 15.7 million related to GES United States audio-visual production business, and a fixed asset impairment charge of 1.6 million. 
 Income Tax Expense The effective income tax rates were 28.8 for 2022, 1.9 for 2021, and a negative 3.9 for 2020. The effective tax rate for 2022 was higher than the blended statutory rate primarily as a result of the higher mix of income earned in foreign jurisdictions where we do not have a valuation allowance. The effective tax rate for 2021 was lower than the blended statutory rate primarily as a result of excluding the tax benefit on losses recognized in the United States, the United Kingdom, and other European countries where we have a valuation allowance. The negative effective tax rate for 2020 was due to the recording of a 25.5 million valuation allowance against our remaining net deferred tax assets in the United States, United Kingdom, and other European countries, as well as no tax benefits on non-deductible goodwill impairments and losses recognized in those jurisdictions. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We believe that our existing sources of liquidity will be sufficient to fund operations and projected capital outlays for at least the next 12 months and the longer term. 
 23 

When assessing our current sources of liquidity, we include the following: 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Unrestricted cash and cash equivalents (1) 

59,719 

61,600 

Available capacity on revolving credit facility (2) 

86,670 

87,422 

Total available liquidity 

146,389 

149,022 

(1) As of December 31, 2022, we held approximately 49.2 million of our cash and cash equivalents outside of the United States, consisting of 20.6 million in Canada, 9.0 million in Iceland, 7.7 million in the Netherlands, 6.0 million in the United Arab Emirates, 3.9 million in the United Kingdom, and 2.0 million in other countries. 

(2) Includes our total revolving credit facility of 100 million less outstanding letters of credit of 13.3 million as of December 31, 2022 and 12.6 million as of December 31, 2021. 

Cash provided by operating activities, supplemented by our total cash and cash equivalents, is our primary source of liquidity for funding our strategic business requirements. During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by operating activities was 73.4 million. 
 Our short-term and long-term funding requirements include debt obligations, capital expenditures, working capital requirements, and potential acquisitions and strategic investments as we focus on scaling Pursuit with investments in high-return unforgettable, inspiring experiences through its Refresh, Build, Buy growth strategy. Our projected capital outlays can be adjusted for changes in the operating environment. 
 Debt Obligations 
 Effective July 30, 2021, we entered into a 500 million credit facility (the 2021 Credit Facility ). The 2021 Credit Facility provides for a 400 million term loan with a maturity date of July 30, 2028 Term Loan B and a 100 million revolving credit facility with a maturity date of July 30, 2026. The 400 million in Term Loan B proceeds were offset in part by 14.8 million in related fees. The proceeds from the Term Loan B were used to repay the 327 million outstanding balance under our then 450 million revolving credit facility. The 100 million revolving credit facility and the remaining proceeds from the Term Loan B have been and will be used to provide for financial flexibility to fund future acquisitions and growth initiatives and for general corporate purposes. On March 23, 2022, we entered into an amendment to the 2021 Credit Facility, which modified the revolving credit facility s financial covenants. We were in compliance with all covenants under the revolving credit facility as of December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 12 Debt and Finance Obligations of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this 2022 Form 10-K) for additional information. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had planned capital expenditures of approximately 75 million to 85 million for 2023, including approximately 40 million on select growth projects, such as the development of FlyOver Chicago. We intend to continue making investments to advance Pursuit s Refresh, Build, Buy growth strategy while maintaining a solid liquidity position. 
 Other Obligations 
 We have additional obligations as part of our ordinary course of business, beyond those committed for debt obligations and capital expenditures. Refer to Note 20 Leases and Other and Note 18 Pension and Postretirement Benefits of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this 2022 Form 10-K) for further information. The expected timing of payments of our obligations is estimated based on current information. Timing of payments and actual amounts paid may be different, depending on changes to agreed-upon amounts for certain obligations. 
 24 

Cash Flows 
 Operating Activities 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income (loss) 

24,795 

(92,735) 

(376,952) 

Depreciation and amortization 

52,483 

53,750 

56,565 

Deferred income taxes 

1,820 

6,012 

15,097 

(Income) loss from discontinued operations 

(148) 

(558) 

1,847 

Restructuring charges 

3,059 

6,066 

13,440 

Impairment charges 

583 

203,076 

Gains on dispositions of property and other assets 

(272) 

(9,374) 

(14,935) 

Gain on disposition of ON Services 

(19,637) 

Share-based compensation expense 

10,241 

7,727 

2,653 

Multi-employer pension plan withdrawal 

57 

462 

Other non-cash items, net 

12,843 

5,318 

8,056 

Changes in assets and liabilities 

(12,336) 

(14,115) 

10,443 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

73,431 

(37,852) 

(80,248) 

2022 compared with 2021 
 The change in net cash provided by (used in) operating activities of 111.3 million was primarily due to improved segment operating results of 115.9 million and a favorable change in working capital. 
 2021 compared with 2020 
 The decrease in net cash used in operating activities of 42.4 million was primarily due to improved segment operating results of 69.2 million, offset in part by an unfavorable change in working capital. 
 Investing Activities 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Capital expenditures 

(67,170) 

(57,936) 

(53,567) 

Cash surrender value of life insurance policies 

24,767 

Cash paid for acquisitions, net 

(25,494) 

(8,227) 

Proceeds from sale of ON Services 

28,926 

Proceeds from dispositions of property and other assets 

470 

14,360 

22,027 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(63,268) 

(51,803) 

(6,773) 

2022 compared with 2021 
 The increase in net cash used in investing activities of 11.5 million was primarily due to the Glacier Raft Company acquisition in 2022 of 25.5 million and an increase in capital expenditures, offset in part by proceeds from the sale of ON Services of 28.9 million. During 2021, we used cash in investing activities for the acquisition of the Golden Skybridge, offset in part by proceeds of 14.4 million from the dispositions of property and other assets, primarily from the sale of a GES warehouse in Orlando. 
 2021 compared with 2020 
 The increase in net cash used in investing activities of 45.0 million was primarily due to 2020 activity including proceeds from the termination of our life insurance policies and proceeds of 17.1 million from the sale of the GES warehouse in San Diego. In 2021, we used cash in investing activities for the acquisition of the Golden Skybridge, offset in part by the proceeds from the sale of a GES warehouse in Orlando. 
 25 

Financing Activities 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Proceeds from borrowings 

107,580 

461,322 

225,422 

Payments on debt and finance obligations 

(103,491) 

(345,297) 

(275,327) 

Dividends paid on common stock 

(4,064) 

Dividends paid on preferred stock 

(7,801) 

(3,900) 

Distributions to noncontrolling interest, net of contributions from noncontrolling interest 

(570) 

(843) 

(1,526) 

Payments of debt issuance costs 

(418) 

(1,767) 

(1,585) 

Payment of payroll taxes on stock-based compensation through shares withheld or repurchased 

(1,428) 

(1,626) 

(1,688) 

Common stock purchased for treasury 

(2,785) 

Proceeds from issuance of Convertible Series A Preferred Stock, net of issuance costs 

125,763 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

2,077 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

(6,128) 

107,889 

66,287 

2022 compared with 2021 
 The change in net cash used in financing activities of 114.0 million was primarily due to net debt proceeds of 4.1 million during 2022 compared to 116.0 million during 2021. In July 2021, we received 400 million in Term Loan B proceeds from the 2021 Credit Facility, which was used to repay the 327 million outstanding balance under our then 450 million revolving credit facility. 
 2021 compared with 2020 
 The increase in net cash provided by financing activities of 41.6 million was primarily due to net debt proceeds of 116.0 million during 2021 compared to net debt payments of 49.9 million during 2020. In July 2021, we received 400 million in Term Loan B proceeds from the 2021 Credit Facility, which was used to repay the 327 million outstanding balance under our then 450 million revolving credit facility. Proceeds from the issuance of Convertible Series A Preferred Stock in 2020 were offset in part by the 2020 net debt payments. 
 Debt and Finance Obligations 
 Refer to Note 12 Debt and Finance Obligations of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this 2022 Form 10-K) for further discussion all of which is incorporated by reference herein. 
 Guarantees 
 Refer to Note 21 Litigation, Claims, Contingencies, and Other of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this 2022 Form 10-K) for further discussion all of which is incorporated by reference herein. 
 Share Repurchases 
 Our Board of Directors previously authorized us to repurchase shares of our common stock from time to time at prevailing market prices. Effective February 7, 2019, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of an additional 500,000 shares. As of December 31, 2022, 546,283 shares remained available for repurchase under all prior authorizations. The Board of Directors authorization does not have an expiration date. 
 Additionally, we repurchased shares related to tax withholding requirements on vested restricted share-based awards. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). We are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect our reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. Critical accounting policies are those policies that are most important to the portrayal of our financial position and results of operations, and that require us to make the most difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. We identified and discussed with our audit committee the following critical accounting policies and estimates and the methodology and disclosures related to those estimates: 
 26 

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized, but instead are tested for impairment at least annually. Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives and are reviewed for impairment if an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate the intangible asset s carrying value may not be recoverable. 
 Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis as of October 31, and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more-likely-than-not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. Our reporting units are defined, and goodwill is tested, at either an operating segment level or at the component level of an operating segment, depending on various factors including the internal reporting structure of the operating segment, the level of integration among components, the sharing of assets and other resources among components, and the benefits and likely recoverability of goodwill by the component s operations. 
 For purposes of goodwill impairment testing, we use a discounted expected future cash flow methodology (income approach) to estimate the fair value of our reporting units. The estimates and assumptions regarding expected future cash flows (the most significant being revenue and EBITDA margins), discount rates, and terminal values require considerable judgment and are based on market conditions, financial forecasts, industry trends, and historical experience. 
 The most critical assumptions and estimates in determining the estimated fair value of our reporting units relate to the amounts and timing of expected future cash flows for each reporting unit and the reporting unit cost of capital (discount rate) applied to those cash flows. We estimate the assumed reporting unit cost of capital rates (discount rates) using a build-up method based on the perceived risk associated with the cash flows pertaining to the specific reporting unit. In order to assess the reasonableness of our fair value estimates, we perform a reconciliation of the aggregate fair values of our reporting units to our market capitalization. 
 As noted above, the estimates and assumptions regarding expected future cash flows, discount rates, and terminal values require considerable judgment and are based on market conditions, financial forecasts, industry trends, and historical experience. These estimates have inherent uncertainties, and different assumptions could lead to materially different results. Our goodwill balance was 121.4 million as of December 31, 2022 and 112.1 million as of December 31, 2021 and pertained to our Pursuit business. The discount rates used in our most recent impairment analysis ranged from 11 to 15 . 
 Pursuit s goodwill was assigned to, and tested at, the reporting unit level. The results of our most recent impairment analysis performed as of October 31, 2022, indicated that no impairment existed for Pursuit s reporting units with reported goodwill. The excess of the estimated fair value over the carrying value for the Banff Jasper Collection and the Alaska Collection was significant. The excess of the estimated fair value over the carrying value for the Glacier Park Collection was 17 and FlyOver was 19 . Significant reductions in our reporting unit s expected future revenue, operating income, or cash flow forecasts and projections, or an increase in a reporting unit s cost of capital, could trigger additional goodwill impairment testing, which may result in impairment charges that could be material. 
 If an impairment indicator related to intangible assets is identified, or if other circumstances indicate an impairment may exist, we perform an assessment to determine if an impairment loss should be recognized. This assessment includes a recoverability test to identify if the expected future undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value of the related assets. If the results of the recoverability test indicate that expected future undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value of the related assets, we perform a measurement of impairment and we recognize any carrying amount in excess of fair value as an impairment. We periodically evaluate the continued recoverability of intangible assets which were previously evaluated due to an impairment indicator to determine if remeasurement is necessary. 
 Income taxes We are required to estimate and record provisions for income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Accordingly, we must estimate our actual current income tax liability, and assess temporary differences arising from the treatment of items for tax purposes, as compared to the treatment for accounting purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We use significant judgment in forming conclusions regarding the recoverability of our deferred tax assets and evaluate all available positive and negative evidence to determine if it is more-likely-than-not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. To the extent recovery does not appear likely, a valuation allowance must be recorded. We had gross deferred tax assets of 110.8 million as of December 31, 2022 and 117.1 million as of December 31, 2021. We had a valuation allowance against gross deferred tax assets of 101.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and 103.5 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 While we believe that the deferred tax assets, net of existing valuation allowances, will be utilized in future periods, there are inherent uncertainties regarding the ultimate realization of these assets. It is possible that the relative weight of positive and negative evidence regarding the realization of deferred tax assets may change, which could result in a material increase or decrease in our valuation allowance. Such a change could result in a material increase or decrease to income tax benefit (expense) in the period the assessment was made. 
 27 

We record uncertain tax positions on the basis of a two-step process: first we determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical merits of the position; and, if so, we recognize the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. 
 Pension and postretirement benefits Our pension plans use traditional defined benefit formulas based on years of service and final average compensation. Funding policies provide that payments to defined benefit pension trusts shall be at least equal to the minimum funding required by applicable regulations. We presently anticipate contributing 0.6 million to our funded pension plans and 0.8 million to our unfunded pension plans in 2023. 
 We have defined benefit postretirement plans that provide medical and life insurance for certain eligible employees, retirees, and dependents. The related postretirement benefit liabilities are recognized over the employees service period. In addition, we retain the obligations for these benefits for retirees of certain sold businesses. While the plans have no funding requirements, we expect to contribute 0.7 million to the plans in 2023. 
 The discount rates used in determining future pension and postretirement benefit obligations are based on rates determined by actuarial analysis and management review and reflect the estimated rates of return on a high-quality, hypothetical bond portfolio whose cash flows match the timing and amounts of expected benefit payments. Refer to Note 18 Pension and Postretirement Benefits of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this 2022 Form 10-K) for further information. 
 Share-based compensation We grant share-based compensation awards to our officers, directors, and certain key employees pursuant to the 2017 Viad Corp Omnibus Incentive Plan, which has a 10-year term and provides for the following types of awards: (a) incentive and non-qualified stock options; (b) restricted stock awards and restricted stock units; (c) performance units or performance shares; (d) stock appreciation rights; (e) cash-based awards; and (f) certain other stock-based awards. 
 Share-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated financial statements was 10.2 million in 2022, 7.7 million in 2021, and 2.7 million in 2020. We recorded total tax benefits related to such costs of 0.1 million in both 2022 and 2021. There was no income tax benefit related to such cost in 2020 due to the valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets. No share-based compensation costs were capitalized during 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 We account for share-based payment awards that will be settled in cash as liability-based awards. We measure share-based compensation expense of liability-based awards at fair value at each reporting date until the date of settlement based on the number of units expected to vest and, where applicable, the level of achievement of predefined performance goals. These awards are remeasured on each reporting date based on our stock price and the Monte Carlo simulation model. A Monte Carlo simulation requires the use of several assumptions, including historical volatility and correlation between our stock price and the price of the common shares of a comparator group, a risk-free rate of return, and an expected term. We account for share-based awards that will be settled in shares of our common stock as equity-based awards. We measure share-based compensation expense of equity-based awards at fair value on the grant date on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. The estimated number of units to be achieved is updated each reporting period based on the number of units expected to vest and, where applicable, the level of achievement of predefined performance goals, until the date of settlement. The fair value of stock option grants is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes stock option pricing model. The Black-Scholes model requires the use of several assumptions, including expected volatility, a risk-free interest rate, a forfeiture rate, and expected life. We measure share-based compensation for performance-based options on a straight-line basis over the performance period and the underlying shares expected to be settled are adjusted each reporting period based on estimated future achievement of the respective performance metrics. Service-based options are recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period on a graded-vesting schedule. Refer to Note 3 Share-Based Compensation of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this 2022 Form 10-K) for further information. 
 Self-Insurance Liabilities We are self-insured up to certain limits for workers compensation and general liabilities, which includes automobile, product general liability, and client property loss claims. We have also retained and provided for certain workers compensation insurance liabilities in conjunction with previously sold businesses. We are also self-insured for certain employee health benefits. Provisions for losses for claims incurred, including actuarially derived estimated claims incurred but not yet reported, are made based on historical experience, claims frequency, and other factors. We have purchased insurance for amounts in excess of the self-insured levels. 
 Impact of Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 1 Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this 2022 Form 10-K) for further information. 
 Non-GAAP Measure 
 In addition to disclosing financial results that are determined in accordance with GAAP, we also disclose segment operating income (loss) as a non-GAAP financial measure. Our use of segment operating income (loss) is supplemental to, but not as a substitute for, 
 28 

other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with GAAP. As not all companies use identical calculations, segment operating income (loss) may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. We believe that our use of segment operating income (loss) provides useful information to investors regarding our results of operations for trending, analyzing, and benchmarking our performance and the value of our business. 
 Segment operating income (loss) is net income (loss) attributable to Viad before income (loss) from discontinued operations, corporate activities, interest expense and interest income, income taxes, gains or losses from sales of businesses, restructuring charges, impairment charges, and certain other corporate expenses that are not allocated to the reportable segments and the reduction for income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests. Segment operating income (loss) is used to measure the profit and performance of our operating segments to facilitate period-to-period comparisons. Refer to Note 23 Segment Information of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this 2022 Form 10-K) for a reconciliation of segment operating income (loss) to income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes. 
 We believe segment operating income (loss) is a useful operating metric as it eliminates potential variations arising from taxes, debt service costs, impairment charges, restructuring charges, strategic dispositions, the reduction of income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests, and the effects of discontinued operations, resulting in an additional measure considered to be indicative of our ongoing operations and segment performance. Although we use segment operating income (loss) to assess the performance of our business, the use of this measure is limited because this measure does not consider material costs, expenses, and other items necessary to operate our business. As segment operating income (loss) does not consider these items, net income (loss) attributable to Viad should be considered as an important measure of financial performance because it provides a more complete measure of our performance. 
 Item 7A. Quantita tive and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Our market risk exposure relates to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and interest rates. Foreign exchange risk is the risk that fluctuating exchange rates will adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. The foreign exchange risk is composed of both potential losses from the translation of foreign currency financial information and the remeasurement of foreign currency transactions. Interest rate risk is the risk that changing interest rates will adversely affect our financial position or results of operations. 
 Our foreign operations are primarily in Canada, the United Kingdom, Iceland, the Netherlands, United Arab Emirates, and Germany. The functional currency of our foreign subsidiaries is their local currency. Accordingly, for purposes of consolidation, we translate the assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries into U.S. dollars at the foreign exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. The unrealized gains or losses resulting from the translation of these foreign denominated assets and liabilities are included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As a result, significant fluctuations in foreign exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar may result in material changes to our net equity position reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We do not currently hedge our equity risk arising from the translation of foreign denominated assets and liabilities. We recorded cumulative unrealized foreign currency translation losses in stockholders equity of 43.0 million as of December 31, 2022 and 16.2 million as of December 31, 2021. We recorded an unrealized foreign currency translation loss in other comprehensive income (loss) of 26.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 and a gain of 0.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 For purposes of consolidation, revenue, expenses, gains, and losses related to our foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars at the average foreign exchange rates for the period. As a result, our consolidated results of operations are exposed to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates as revenue and segment operating income (loss) of our foreign operations, when translated, may vary from period to period, even when the functional currency amounts have not changed. Such fluctuations may adversely impact overall expected profitability and historical period-to-period comparisons. We do not currently hedge our net earnings exposure arising from the translation of our foreign revenue and segment operating income (loss). 
 A hypothetical change of 10 in the Canadian dollar exchange rate would result in a change to 2022 operating income of approximately 3.2 million. A hypothetical change of 10 in the British pound exchange rate would result in a change to 2022 operating income of approximately 0.2 million. A hypothetical change of 10 in the Euro exchange rate would result in a change to 2022 operating income of approximately 0.5 million. A hypothetical change of 10 in the Icelandic Krona exchange rate would result in a change to 2022 operating income of approximately 0.2 million. 
 We are exposed to foreign exchange transaction risk, as our foreign subsidiaries have certain loans and leases denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the respective subsidiary. As of December 31, 2022, we had long-term contractual liabilities that were denominated in nonfunctional currencies of 47.9 million. As foreign exchange rates fluctuate, these liabilities are remeasured, and the corresponding adjustment is recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. A hypothetical change of 10 in foreign currency rates could result in an adjustment to the Consolidated Statements of Operations of approximately 4.8 million. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have any outstanding foreign currency forward contracts. 
 We are exposed to short-term and long-term interest rate risk on certain of our debt obligations. A hypothetical change of 10 in interest rates would result in a change to 2022 interest expense of approximately 4 million. 
 29 

On January 4, 2023, we entered into an interest rate cap agreement with an effective date of January 31, 2023 to hedge cash flows on 300 million of our Term Loan B. Refer to Note 12 Debt and Finance Obligations and Note 24 Subsequent Events of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this 2022 Form 10-K) for further information. 
 30 

Item 8. Financial Statemen ts and Supplementary Data 
 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 32 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 33 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 34 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity and Mezzanine Equity 
 35 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 36 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 37 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 77 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 88 

31 

VIAD CORP 
 CONSOLIDA TED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

(in thousands, except share data) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net of allowances for doubtful accounts of and , respectively 

Inventories 

Current contract costs 

Prepaid insurance 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Other investments and assets 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Deferred income taxes 

Goodwill 

Other intangible assets, net 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Mezzanine Equity, and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Contract liabilities 

Accrued compensation 

Operating lease obligations 

Other current liabilities 

Current portion of debt and finance obligations 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt and finance obligations 

Pension and postretirement benefits 

Long-term operating lease obligations 

Other deferred items and liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Convertible Series A Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Redeemable noncontrolling interest 

Stockholders equity 

Viad Corp stockholders equity: 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Additional capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Common stock in treasury, at cost, and shares, respectively 

() 

() 

Total Viad stockholders equity 

Non-redeemable noncontrolling interest 

Total stockholders equity 

Total Liabilities, Mezzanine Equity, and Stockholders Equity 

Refer to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 32 

VIAD CORP 
 CONSOLIDATED S TATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue: 

Services 

Products 

Total revenue 

Costs and expenses: 

Costs of services 

Costs of products 

Corporate activities 

Gain on sale of ON Services 

() 

Interest expense, net 

Other expense, net 

Restructuring charges 

Impairment charges 

Total costs and expenses 

Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 

() 

() 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

() 

() 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Net (income) loss attributable to non-redeemable noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest 

Net income (loss) attributable to Viad 

() 

() 

Diluted income (loss) per common share: 

Continuing operations attributable to Viad common stockholders 

() 

() 

Discontinued operations attributable to Viad common stockholders 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to Viad common stockholders 

() 

() 

Weighted-average outstanding and potentially dilutive common shares 

Basic income (loss) per common share: 

Continuing operations attributable to Viad common stockholders 

() 

() 

Discontinued operations attributable to Viad common stockholders 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to Viad common stockholders 

() 

() 

Weighted-average outstanding common shares 

Dividends declared per common share 

Amounts attributable to Viad 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

() 

() 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Refer to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 33 

VIAD CORP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Unrealized foreign currency translation adjustments 

() 

Change in net actuarial loss, net of tax effects of , , and 

() 

Change in prior service cost, net of tax effects of , , and 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

Non-redeemable noncontrolling interest: 

Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to non-redeemable noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

Unrealized foreign currency translation adjustments 

() 

Redeemable noncontrolling interest: 

Comprehensive loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest 

Comprehensive loss attributable to Viad 

() 

() 

() 

Refer to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 34 

VIAD CORP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY AND MEZZANINE EQUITY 

Mezzanine Equity 

(in thousands) 
 
 Common Stock 

Additional Capital 

Retained Earnings (Deficit) 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Common Stock in Treasury 

Total Viad Equity 

Non-Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest 

Convertible Series A Preferred Stock 

Balance, December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends on common stock per share) 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of Series A convertible preferred stock 

Dividends on convertible preferred stock 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions to noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

Payment of payroll taxes on stock-based compensation through shares withheld 

() 

() 

() 

Common stock purchased for treasury 

() 

() 

() 

Employee benefit plans 

() 

Share-based compensation - equity awards 

Unrealized foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

Amortization of net actuarial loss, net of tax 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of prior service cost, net of tax 

() 

() 

() 

Other, net 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends on convertible preferred stock 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Capital contributions (distributions) to (from) noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

Payment of payroll taxes on stock-based compensation through shares withheld 

() 

() 

() 

Employee benefit plans 

() 

Share-based compensation - equity awards 

Unrealized foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

Amortization of net actuarial loss, net of tax 

Amortization of prior service cost, net of tax 

() 

() 

() 

Acquisitions 

Other, net 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Dividends on convertible preferred stock 

() 

() 

() 

Capital distributions from noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

Payment of payroll taxes on stock-based compensation through shares withheld 

() 

() 

() 

Employee benefit plans 

() 

Share-based compensation - equity awards 

Unrealized foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of net actuarial loss, net of tax 

Amortization of prior service cost, net of tax 

Other, net 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

Refer to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 35 

VIAD CORP 
 CONSOLIDATED S TATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Deferred income taxes 

(Income) loss from discontinued operations 

() 

() 

Restructuring charges 

Impairment charges 

Gains on dispositions of property and other assets 

() 

() 

() 

Gain on disposition of ON Services 

() 

Share-based compensation expense 

Multi-employer pension plan withdrawal 

Other non-cash items, net 

Change in operating assets and liabilities (excluding the impact of acquisitions and disposition): 

Receivables 

() 

() 

Inventories 

() 

Current contract costs 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Restructuring liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Accrued compensation 

() 

Contract liabilities 

() 

Income taxes payable 

Other assets and liabilities, net 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Capital expenditures 

() 

() 

() 

Cash surrender value of life insurance policies 

Cash paid for acquisitions, net 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of ON Services 

Proceeds from dispositions of property and other assets 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from borrowings 

Payments on debt and finance obligations 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends paid on common stock 

() 

Dividends paid on preferred stock 

() 

() 

Distributions to noncontrolling interest, net of contributions from noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

() 

Payments of debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

() 

Payment of payroll taxes on stock-based compensation through shares withheld or repurchased 

() 

() 

() 

Common stock purchased for treasury 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of Convertible Series A Preferred Stock, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

() 

Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of year 

Refer to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 36 
 
 VIAD CORP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Significant Accounting Policies testing of recorded goodwill and intangible assets and long-lived assets; allowances for uncollectible accounts receivable; sales reserve allowances; provisions for income taxes, including uncertain tax positions; valuation allowances related to deferred tax assets; liabilities for losses related to self-insured liability claims; liabilities for losses related to environmental remediation obligations; sublease income associated with restructuring liabilities; pension and postretirement benefit costs and obligations; share-based compensation costs; the discount rates used to value lease obligations; the redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interests; and the allocation of purchase price of acquired businesses. These estimates and assumptions may change as a result of the impact of global economic conditions, such as the uncertainty regarding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, global inflationary pressures, and volatility in foreign exchange rates. Actual results could differ from these and other estimates. 
 . Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and bank demand deposits. Restricted cash represents collateral required for surety bonds, bank guarantees, letters of credit , and corporate credit cards. 

Restricted cash included in other current assets 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown in the statement of cash flows 

to years; equipment, to years; and leasehold improvements, over the shorter of the lease term or useful life. Property and equipment are tested for potential impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the long-lived asset may not be recoverable through undiscounted cash flows. 
 years. Our equipment leases comprise mainly vehicles, hardware, and office equipment, each with various lease terms. Our land leases comprise mainly leases in Canada and Iceland on which our Pursuit hotels or attractions are located and have lease terms ranging up to years. If a lease contains a renewal option that is reasonably certain to be exercised, then the lease term includes the optional periods in measuring a ROU asset and lease liability. We evaluate the reasonably certain threshold at lease commencement, and it is typically met if we identify substantial economic incentives or termination penalties. We do not include variable leases and variable non-lease components in the calculation of the ROU asset and corresponding lease liability. For facility leases, variable lease costs include the costs of common area maintenance, taxes, and insurance for which we pay our lessors an estimate that is adjusted to actual expense on a quarterly or annual basis depending on the underlying contract terms. We expense these variable lease payments as incurred. Our lease agreements do not contain any significant residual value guarantees or restrictive covenants. Substantially all of our lease agreements do not specify an implicit borrowing rate, and as such, we utilize an incremental borrowing rate based on lease term and country in order to calculate the present value of our future lease payments. The incremental borrowing rate represents a risk-adjusted rate on a collateralized basis and is the expected rate at which we would borrow funds to satisfy the scheduled lease liability payment streams commensurate with the lease term and the country. We are also a lessor to third party tenants who either lease certain portions of facilities that we own or sublease certain portions of facilities that we lease. We record lease income from owned facilities as rental income and we record sublease income from leased facilities as an offset to lease expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. We classify all of our leases for which we are the lessor as operating leases. 

consolidated net income or loss attributable to Viad and the non-redeemable noncontrolling interest is presented in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. We consider noncontrolling interests with redemption features that are not solely within our control to be redeemable noncontrolling interests. Our redeemable noncontrolling interest relates to our equity ownership interest in Esja Attractions ehf. Esja ), which owns the FlyOver Iceland attraction. The Esja shareholders agreement contains a put option that gives the minority Esja shareholders the right to sell (or put their Esja shares to us based on a calculated formula within a predefined term. This redeemable noncontrolling interest is considered mezzanine equity and we report it between liabilities and stockholders equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The amount of the net income or loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests is recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and the accretion of the redemption value is recorded as an adjustment to retained earnings or accumulated deficit and is included in our income (loss) per share. Refer to Note 22 Noncontrolling Interests Redeemable and Non-redeemable for additional information. 

. We account for share-based awards that will be settled in shares of our common stock as equity-based awards, which include PRSUs, restricted stock units, and restricted stock awards. We measure share-based compensation expense of equity-based awards at fair value on the grant date on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. The estimated number of shares to be achieved is updated each reporting period based on the number of units expected to vest and, where applicable, the level of achievement of predefined performance goals, until the date of settlement. Share-based compensation expense related to equity-based awards is recognized ratably over the requisite service period ranging from one to . The fair value of stock option grants is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes stock option pricing model. We grant non-qualified stock options that are performance-based and service-based. The performance-based awards are recognized on a straight-line basis over the performance period ranging up to years, and the underlying shares expected to be settled are adjusted each reporting period based on estimated future achievement of the respective performance metrics. The service-based awards are recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period on a graded-vesting schedule ranging from one to . The exercise price of stock options is based on the market value of our common stock at the date of grant. 

million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. Benefits received were primarily from the Canadian Emergency Wage Subsidy CEWS program, the United Kingdom s COVID Job Retention Scheme CJRS ), and two Netherlands programs referred to as NOW and TVL. We have no provisions for recapture and are currently completing the audit process for the NOW proceeds received in 2021. The CEWS program was implemented by the Canadian government in response to the COVID-19 pandemic for businesses operating in Canada. Our Canadian subsidiaries within Pursuit and GES qualified for and applied for these CEWS cash benefits to partially offset the impacts of revenue reductions and on-going staffing costs. During 2022, GES received approximately million in CEWS benefits. During 2021, Pursuit received approximately million and GES received approximately million. During 2020, Pursuit received approximately million and GES received approximately million. The CEWS benefits were recorded to Costs of services in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The CJRS program was implemented by the United Kingdom government in response to the COVID-19 pandemic to allow employers to retain and continue to pay their furloughed employees. Furloughed employees were paid of their salary up to a maximum of GBP per month. During July 2021, employers were required to contribute of the furloughed employees salary, which increased to 2 before the program closed on September 30, 2021. Payments were handled by Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs, or HMRC. GES received approximately million in 2021 and million in 2020, which were recorded to Costs of services in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The NOW and TVL programs were implemented by the Dutch government in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The NOW program is a temporary emergency bridging measure to reimburse up to of employees salaries. This program is still in effect and payments are handled by the Employee Insurance Agency, or UWV. The TVL program is a business support program focused on non-labor business expenses. The amounts claimed is based on lost income of more than . Payments are handled by the Netherlands Enterprise Agency, or RVO. GES received approximately million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020 for both NOW and TVL programs, which were recorded to Costs of services in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The remaining benefits received were from various other programs totaling million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 

for which we do not have control of the goods or services before that good or service is transferred to a customer is recorded on a net basis to reflect only the fees received for arranging these services. We recognize revenue for services generally at the close of the live event. We recognize revenue for products either upon delivery to the customer s location, upon delivery to an event that we are serving, or when we have the right to invoice. In circumstances where a customer cancels a contract, we generally have the right to bill the customer for costs incurred to date. - and contain no significant financing components . Contract Liabilities Pursuit and GES typically receive customer deposits prior to transferring the related product or service to the customer. We record these deposits as a contract liability, which are recognized as revenue upon satisfaction of the related contract performance obligation(s). GES also provides customer rebates and volume discounts to certain event organizers that we recognize as a reduction of revenue. We include customer deposits in Contract liabilities and Other deferred items and liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Cash additions 

Revenue recognized 

() 

Foreign exchange translation adjustment 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Cash additions 

Revenue recognized 

() 

Foreign exchange translation adjustment 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Contract Costs GES capitalizes certain incremental costs incurred in obtaining and fulfilling contracts. Capitalized costs principally relate to direct costs of materials and services incurred in fulfilling services of future live events, and also include up-front incentives and commissions incurred upon contract signing. We expense costs associated with preliminary contract activities (i.e. proposal activities) as incurred. . We include the deferred incremental costs of obtaining and fulfilling contracts in Current contract costs and Other investments and assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Additions 

Expenses 

() 

Cancelled 

() 

Foreign exchange translation adjustment 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Additions 

Expenses 

() 

Foreign exchange translation adjustment 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022 , capitalized contract costs consisted of million to fulfill contracts. We did t recognize an impairment loss with respect to capitalized contract costs during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. Disaggregation of Revenue 

Rooms revenue 

Transportation 

Other 

Total services revenue 

Products: 

Food and beverage 

Retail operations 

Total products revenue 

Total revenue 

Timing of revenue recognition: 

Services transferred over time 

Products transferred at a point in time 

Total revenue 

Markets: 

Banff Jasper Collection 

Alaska Collection 

Glacier Park Collection 

FlyOver 

Sky Lagoon (1) 

Total revenue 

(1) 

 GES During the first quarter of 2022, we changed our segment reporting as a result of operational changes and how our CODM reviews the financial performance of GES and makes decisions regarding the allocation of resources. Accordingly, GES new reportable segments are Spiro and GES Exhibitions. As a result, we changed certain items in the following disaggregation of revenue table. All prior periods have been reclassified to conform to the new reporting structure. 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Service lines: 

Spiro 

GES Exhibitions 

Intersegment eliminations 

() 

() 

() 

Total revenue 

Timing of revenue recognition: 

Services transferred over time 

Products transferred over time (1) 

Products transferred at a point in time 

Total revenue 

Geographical markets: 

North America 

EMEA 

Intersegment eliminations 

() 

() 

() 

Total revenue 

(1) 

term and provides for the following types of awards: (a) incentive and non-qualified stock options; (b) restricted stock awards and restricted stock units; (c) performance units or performance shares; (d) stock appreciation rights; (e) cash-based awards; and (f) certain other stock-based awards. In June 2017, we reserved shares of common stock for issuance under the 2017 Plan. On May 24, 2022, we amended and restated the 2017 Plan, which among other things, increased the number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2017 Plan by shares, thus bringing the total number of reserved shares to . As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for future grant under the 2017 Plan. 

() 

Restricted stock awards and restricted stock units 

Stock options 

Share-based compensation expense before income tax 

Income tax benefit (1) 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation expense, net of income tax 

(1) 

We recorded share-based compensation expense through restructuring charges in 2022, 2021 or 2020. share-based compensation costs were capitalized during 2022, 2021, or 2020. Performance-based Restricted Stock Units Performance-based restricted stock units PRSUs are tied to our stock price and the expected achievement of certain performance-based criteria. The vesting of PRSUs is based upon the achievement of the performance-based criteria over a three to four-year period. We account for PRSUs that will be settled in shares of our common stock as equity-based awards. We measure share-based compensation expense of equity-based awards at fair value on the grant date on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. The estimated number of units to be achieved is updated each reporting period. We account for PRSUs that will be settled in cash as liability-based awards. We measure share-based compensation expense of liability-based awards at fair value at each reporting date until the date of settlement. Forfeitures are recorded when they occur. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we granted PRSUs with a grant date fair value of million, all of which are payable in shares. In 2022, PRSUs granted in 2019 vested and we paid million in cash. No PRSUs were paid in shares in 2022. In 2021, PRSUs granted in 2018 vested; however, as performance metrics were not achieved, awards were paid in cash or in shares. In 2020, PRSUs granted in 2017 vested and we paid million in cash. PRSUs were paid in shares in 2020. As of December 31, 2022, the unamortized cost of outstanding equity-based PRSUs was million, which we expect to recognize over a weighted-average period of approximately years. Liabilities related to liability-based PRSUs were as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Service-based Restricted Stock Awards and Restricted Stock Units Restricted stock awards and restricted stock units are service-based awards. We account for restricted stock awards and restricted stock units that will be settled in shares of our common stock as equity-based awards. We measure share-based compensation expense of equity-based awards at fair value on the grant date on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. We account for restricted stock units that will be settled in cash as liability-based awards. We measure share-based compensation expense of liability-based awards at fair value at each reporting date until the date of settlement. Forfeitures are recorded when they occur. As of December 31, 2022, the unamortized cost of outstanding equity-based restricted stock awards and restricted stock units was million, which we expect to recognize over a weighted-average period of approximately years. We withheld shares for million during 2022, shares for million during 2021, and shares for million during 2020 related to tax withholding requirements on vested share-based awards. Aggregate liabilities related to liability-based restricted stock units were million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. In 2022, restricted stock units vested, and we paid million in cash. In 2021, restricted stock units vested, and we paid million in cash. In 2020, restricted stock units vested, and we paid million in cash and million in shares. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

() 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Stock Options We grant non-qualified stock options that are performance-based, as well as non-qualified stock options that are service-based. The performance-based awards are recognized on a straight-line basis over the respective performance period , and the underlying shares expected to be settled are adjusted each reporting period based on estimated future achievement of the respective performance metrics. The service-based awards are recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period on a graded-vesting schedule ranging from one to . 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

() 

Options outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 

(1) 

- 

The fair value of stock options granted in 2022 was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes stock option pricing model. 

Expected term (in years) 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividend yield 

Weighted average grant-date fair value per share of options granted 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock option awards was million and million, respectively. We expect to recognize such costs over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 

 log cabins, a lodge, and a wedding venue located on 50 acres with views into Glacier National Park. The purchase price was million in cash. This acquisition was funded via cash on hand of approximately million and borrowings under our revolving credit facility of million. 

Working capital adjustment 

() 

Purchase price adjustment 

Cash acquired 

() 

Purchase price, net of cash acquired 

Fair value of net assets acquired: 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Property and equipment 

Intangible assets 

Total assets acquired 

Customer deposits 

Other current liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Total fair value of net assets acquired 

Excess purchase price over fair value of net assets acquired goodwill 

Under the acquisition method of accounting, the purchase price as shown in the table above is allocated to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. The excess purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired was recorded as Goodwill. Goodwill relating to the Glacier Raft Company acquisition is included in the Pursuit reportable segment. The primary factor that contributed to the purchase price resulting in the recognition of goodwill related to future growth opportunities when combined with our other businesses. Goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. We included these assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets from the date of acquisition. 

Operating licenses 

Trade name 

Total 

Transaction costs associated with the acquisition were million in 2022, which are included in Costs of services in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The results of operations of Glacier Raft Company have been included in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. Pro forma information is not presented as revenue and the operating results of Glacier Raft Company, as if the acquisition occurred on January 1, 2022, is not material to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 2022 Disposition ON Services On December 15, 2022, we completed the sale of substantially all of the assets of GES United States audio-visual production business, ON Services AV Specialists, Inc. ON Services ), for approximately million, subject to customary working capital adjustments. We recognized a gain on sale of million. ON Services had a net carrying value of million, which included million of net working capital and net non-current assets of million. Working capital consisted primarily of accounts receivable of million and other current assets of million, offset in part by current liabilities of million. Net non-current assets consisted primarily of property and equipment of million, offset in part by other liabilities of million. The staging business of ON Services was included in the Spiro reportable segment and the venue services business in the United States was included in the GES Exhibitions reportable segment. The ON Services sale did not represent a strategic shift that has or will have a major effect on our operations and financial results, and therefore was not classified as a discontinued operation for any of the periods presented. 2021 Acquisition Golden Skybridge On , we acquired a controlling interest in the Golden Skybridge attraction for total cash consideration of million Canadian dollars (approximately million U.S. dollars), of which million Canadian dollars (approximately million U.S. dollars) were primarily used to fund additional experiences. The Golden Skybridge opened in . The fair value of net assets acquired as of the acquisition date included million U.S. dollars in property and equipment and million U.S. dollars in noncontrolling interest. Under the acquisition method of accounting, the purchase price is allocated to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. The excess purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired of million U.S. dollars was recorded as Goodwill. Goodwill relating to the Golden Skybridge acquisition is included in the Pursuit reportable segment. The primary factor that contributed to the purchase price resulting in the recognition of goodwill related to future growth opportunities when combined with our other businesses. Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. We included these assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets from the date of acquisition. Transaction costs associated with the acquisition were million U.S. dollars during 2021, which are included in Costs of services in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Finished goods 

Inventories 

Prepaid software maintenance 

Prepaid project deposit 

Prepaid vendor payments 

Income tax receivable 

Prepaid taxes 

Prepaid other 

Other 

Other current assets 

Buildings and leasehold improvements 

Equipment and other 

Gross property and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net (excluding finance leases) 

Finance lease ROU assets, net 

Property and equipment, net 

(1) million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021 . These land interests are not subject to amortization. 

Depreciation expense was million during 2022, million during 2021 , and million during 2020. Property and equipment purchased through accounts payable and accrued liabilities increased million during 2022 , increased million during 2021 , and decreased million during 2020. During 2022, we c apitalized interest of million, which was primarily related to the development of Pursuit s FlyOver attractions. We recorded fixed asset impairment charges of million during 2020 primarily related to capitalized software. 

Other mutual funds 

Contract costs 

Other 

Other investments and assets 

Business acquisition 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Business acquisition 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Alaska Collection 

Glacier Park Collection 

FlyOver 

Total Goodwill 

Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis as of October 31, and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more-likely-than-not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. We use a discounted expected future cash flow methodology (income approach) to estimate the fair value of our reporting units for purposes of goodwill impairment testing. During 2020, we recorded non-cash goodwill impairment charges of million, which was primarily related to the write-off of all of GES goodwill due to the deteriorating macroeconomic environment related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our remaining goodwill balance as of December 31, 2022 of million pertains to our Pursuit business. During 2022, we considered changes in macroeconomic facts and circumstances, particularly high inflation and the resulting rise in interest rates, which resulted in reduced fair values to our reporting units. As a result of our most recent impairment analysis performed as of October 31, 2022, the excess of the estimated fair value over the carrying value for our reporting units with reported goodwill (expressed as a percentage of the carrying amounts) under step one of the impairment test for the Banff Jasper Collection and the Alaska Collection was significant, and Glacier Park Collection was and FlyOver was . Accordingly, no impairment charges were recorded during 2022. We will continue to closely monitor actual results versus expectations as well as whether and to what extent any significant changes in current events or conditions result in corresponding changes to our expectations about future estimated cash flows and discount rates. If our adjusted expectations of the operating results of our reporting units do not materialize, or the discount rate increases (based on increases in interest rates, market rates of return or market volatility), it is possible that we may be required to record goodwill impairment charges in the future, which may be material. Our accumulated goodwill impairment was million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

() 

() 

Operating contracts and licenses 

() 

() 

In-place lease 

() 

() 

Tradenames 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Total amortized intangible assets 

() 

() 

Indefinite-lived intangible assets: 

Business licenses 

Other intangible assets 

() 

() 

Intangible asset amortization expense (excluding amortization expense of ROU assets) was million during 2022, million during 2021 , and million during 2020. We recorded a non-cash impairment charge to intangible assets of million during 2020 related our United States audio-visual production business. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Commissions payable 

Accrued employee benefit costs 

Self-insured liability 

Accrued concession fees 

Accrued sales and use taxes 

Accommodation services deposits 

Current portion of pension and postretirement liabilities 

Accrued professional fees 

Other 

Total continuing operations 

Discontinued operations: 

Self-insured liability 

Environmental remediation liabilities 

Other 

Total discontinued operations 

Total other current liabilities 

52 
 
 VIAD CORP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Multi-employer pension plan withdrawal liability 

Self-insured excess liability 

Self-insured liability 

Accrued compensation 

Accrued restructuring 

Other 

Total continuing operations 

Discontinued operations: 

Environmental remediation liabilities 

Self-insured liability 

Other 

Total discontinued operations 

Total other deferred items and liabilities 

interest rate at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021, due through 2028 (1) 

Forest Park Hotel Construction Loan Facility, interest rate at December 31, 2022, due through 2027 (1) 

FlyOver Iceland Credit Facility, interest rate at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021, due through 2027 (1) 

FlyOver Iceland Term Loans, weighted-average interest rate at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021, due through 2024 (1) 

Less unamortized debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Total debt 

Finance lease obligations, weighted-average interest rate at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, due through 2067 

Financing arrangements 

Total debt and finance obligations (2)(3) 

Current portion 

() 

() 

Long-term debt and finance obligations 

(1) 

 (2) for 2022, for 2021 and for 2020. The estimated fair value of total debt and finance leases was million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. The fair value of debt was estimated by discounting the future cash flows using rates currently available for debt of similar terms and maturity, which is a Level 2 measurement. Refer to Note 13 Fair Value Measurements . 

 (3) million during 2022, million during 2021, and million during 2020. 

2021 Credit Facility Effective July 30, 2021, we entered into a million credit facility (the 2021 Credit Facility ). The 2021 Credit Facility provides for a million term loan Term Loan B and a million revolving credit facility Revolving Credit Facility ). The proceeds of the Term Loan B, net of million in related fees, were used to repay the million outstanding balance under our then million revolving credit facility and to provide for financial flexibility to fund future acquisitions and growth initiatives and for general corporate purposes. The 2021 Credit Facility provides us with the option to have interest calculated based on the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR for one, three, or six-month tenors, plus credit spreads as detailed below under Term Loan B and Revolving Credit Facility . LIBOR Transition Amendment On February 6, 2023, we entered into the LIBOR Transition Amendment to the 2021 Credit Facility to replace LIBOR with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). In accordance with the LIBOR replacement provisions outlined in the 2021 Credit Facility, additional credit spread adjustments apply to SOFR ranging from (for a one-month duration) up to (for a 12-month duration). Refer to Note 24 Subsequent Events . Interest Rate Cap Agreement On January 4, 2023, we entered into an interest rate cap agreement with an effective date of January 31, 2023. The interest rate cap manages our exposure to interest rate increases on million in borrowings under our 2021 Credit Facility and provides us with the right to receive payment if the one-month SOFR exceeds . Beginning on February 28, 2023, we will pay a fixed monthly deferred premium based on an annual rate of for the interest rate cap, which matures on . Refer to Note 24 Subsequent Events . Term Loan B The Term Loan B has a maturity date of and is subject to quarterly amortization of principal of 1 million. Interest rates are based on LIBOR plus a . See discussion above under LIBOR Transition. The Term Loan B carries no financial covenants. Revolving Credit Facility The Revolving Credit Facility has a maturity date of . As of December 31, 2022, capacity remaining under the revolving credit facility was million, reflecting million total facility size, less million in outstanding letters of credit. In addition to borrowing based on one, three, or six month LIBOR tenors, we also have the option to borrow based on the Base Rate , which for any day is a fluctuating rate equal to the highest of the Fed Funds Rate plus , Bank of America s publicly announced prime rate , and LIBOR plus . Credit spreads for LIBOR and Base Rate borrowings are based on Viad s total net leverage ratio and range from to for LIBOR borrowings and from to for Base Rate borrowings. See discussion above under LIBOR Transition. Additionally, a floor applies to the Bate Rate. The Revolving Credit Facility includes an undrawn fee ranging from to that is based on Viad s total net leverage ratio. The Revolving Credit Facility carries financial covenants. On March 23, 2022, we entered into the First Amendment to the 2021 Credit Facility, which modified the financial covenants as follows: Maintain a total net leverage ratio of not greater than to 1.00 at December 31, 2022 with a step-down to to 1.00 at March 31, 2023, and to 1.00 at June 30, 2023 and thereafter; and 

 Maintain an interest coverage ratio of not less than to 1.00 at December 31, 2022 and thereafter. 

 As of December 31, 2022, Viad s total net leverage ratio was to , the interest coverage ratio was to , and we were in compliance with all covenants under the revolving credit facility. In addition to U.S. Dollar borrowings, we may borrow funds on the Revolving Credit Facility in Canadian Dollars based on the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate, Pound Sterling based on the Sterling Overnight Index Average, and Euros based on the Euro Interbank Offered Rate, plus applicable credit spreads. No such borrowings had been made as of December 31, 2022. Forest Park Hotel Construction Loan Facility Effective May 17, 2022, Pursuit, through a 60 owned subsidiary, entered into a construction loan facility for borrowings up to million Canadian dollars (approximately million U.S. dollars) for the development and construction of the Forest Park Hotel in Jasper National Park. Construction of the hotel was completed in August 2022. As of December 31, 2022, funds of million Canadian dollars (approximately million U.S. dollars) were available for borrowing under the facility. The construction loan facility required interest only payments at Canada Prime plus through November 2023, at which time it was to be converted to a term loan with a maturity date of . During January 2023, we completed our final borrowing under the construction loan facility and the facility was converted, by way of an amendment to the loan agreement, to a term loan with a fixed interest rate of effective January 31, 2023. The term loan matures on February 1, 2028 and requires interest only payments through July 31, 2024. Refer to Note 24 Subsequent Events . FlyOver Iceland Credit Facility Effective February 15, 2019, FlyOver Iceland ehf., FlyOver Iceland a wholly-owned subsidiary of Esja, entered into a credit agreement with a million (approximately million U.S. dollars) credit facility (the FlyOver Iceland Credit Facility with an original maturity date of . The loan proceeds were used to complete the development of the FlyOver Iceland attraction. The loan bears interest at the three month Euro Interbank Offered Rate plus 4.9 . We entered into an addendum effective wherein the principal payments were deferred for twelve months beginning December 1, 2021, with the first payment due . The addendum extended the maturity date to , which was further extended to by way of an option as permitted in the addendum, and provided for a semi-annual waiver of certain covenants through June 30, 2022 with the first testing date as of December 31, 2022. Conditions to the addendum included securing additional capital of ISK million (approximately million) in January 2022, which was completed, in order to strengthen FlyOver Iceland s liquidity position. There were no other changes to the terms of the FlyOver Iceland Credit Facility. Effective November 2, 2022, FlyOver Iceland received a waiver for the 2022 through 2023 financial covenants. FlyOver Iceland Term Loans During 2020, FlyOver Iceland entered into three term loans totaling ISK million (approximately million U.S. dollars) (the FlyOver Iceland Term Loans ). The first term loan for ISK million was entered into effective October 15, 2020 with a maturity date of and The second term loan for ISK million was entered into effective October 15, 2020 with a maturity date of and million was entered into effective December 29, 2020 with a maturity date of and . Loan proceeds were used to fund FlyOver Iceland operations. Financing arrangements We have insurance premium financing arrangements in order to finance certain of our insurance premium payments. The financing arrangements are payable within the next and bear a weighted average interest rate of . Future maturities 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

The aggregate annual maturities and the related amounts representing interest on finance lease obligations are included in Note 20 Leases and Other . 

Total assets at fair value on a recurring basis 

Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using 

(in thousands) 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

Assets: 

Money market funds 

Other mutual funds (1) 

Total assets at fair value on a recurring basis 

(1) 

The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and accounts payable approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. Refer to Note 12 Debt and Finance Obligations for the estimated fair value of debt obligations. 

 56 
 
 VIAD CORP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

() 

() 

Less: Allocation to participating securities 

() 

Convertible preferred stock dividends paid in cash 

() 

() 

Convertible preferred stock dividends paid in kind 

() 

() 

Adjustment to the redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) allocated to Viad common stockholders (basic) 

() 

() 

Add: Allocation to participating securities 

Net income (loss) allocated to Viad common stockholders (diluted) 

() 

() 

Basic weighted-average outstanding common shares 

Additional dilutive shares related to share-based compensation 

Diluted weighted-average outstanding shares 

Income (loss) per share: 

Basic income (loss) attributable to Viad common stockholders 

() 

() 

Diluted income (loss) attributable to Viad common stockholders (1) 

() 

() 
 
 (1) 

Unvested restricted share-based awards 

Unvested performance share-based awards 

Stock options 

million shares of Junior Participating Preferred Stock, ne of which was outstanding on December 31, 2022 and million shares of Preferred Stock of which shares are outstanding. Convertible Series A Preferred Stock On August 5, 2020, we entered into an investment agreement with funds managed by private equity firm Crestview Partners (the Investment Agreement ), relating to the issuance of shares of newly issued Convertible Series A Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Convertible Preferred Stock ), for an aggregate purchase price of million or per share. The million issuance was offset in part by million of expenses related to the capital raise. We have classified the Convertible Preferred Stock as mezzanine equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheet due to the existence of certain change in control provisions that are not solely within our control. The Convertible Series A Preferred Stock carries a cumulative dividend, which is payable in cash or in-kind at Viad s option and is convertible at the option of the holders into shares of our common stock at a conversion price of per share. Dividends paid-in-kind increase the redemption value of the preferred stock. The redemption value of the preferred stock was million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Upon the occurrence of a change in control event, the holders have a right to require Viad to repurchase such preferred stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022, million of dividends were declared, all of which were paid in cash. We intend to pay preferred stock dividends in cash for the foreseeable future. Holders of the Convertible Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to vote with holders of Viad s common stock on an as-converted basis. Common Stock Repurchases Our Board of Directors previously authorized us to repurchase shares of our common stock from time to time at prevailing market prices. Effective February 7, 2019, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of an additional shares. In March 2020, our Board of Directors suspended our share repurchase program. Prior to the suspension, we had repurchased shares on the open market for million in 2020. As of December 31, 2022 , shares remain available for repurchase under all prior authorizations. Additionally, we repurchase shares related to tax withholding requirements on vested restricted stock awards. Refer to Note 3 Share-Based Compensation . 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 

Amounts reclassified from AOCI, net of tax 

Net other comprehensive income (loss) 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 

() 

() 

Amounts reclassified from AOCI, net of tax 

Net other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

Amounts reclassified from AOCI that relate to our defined benefit pension and postretirement plans include the amortization of prior service costs and actuarial net losses recognized during each period presented. We recorded these costs as components of net periodic cost for each period presented. Refer to Note 18 Pension and Postretirement Benefits for additional information. 

 million on our cumulative foreign earnings and profit. After application of tax payments and credits, million of the liability remains outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and is due in 2024. 

() 

() 

United States 

() 

() 

() 

Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

State 

() 

Foreign 

() 

() 

Total current 

() 

() 

Deferred: 

United States: 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

() 

Total deferred 

Income tax (benefit) expense 

() 

We are subject to income tax in the jurisdictions in which we operate. A reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate to the effective tax rate is as follows: 

() 

() 

State income tax expense (benefit), net of federal benefit 

() 

() 

Remeasurement of deferred taxes due to change in tax rates 

() 

() 

Foreign tax rate differential 

() 

() 

U.S. tax expense on current year foreign earnings, net of foreign tax credits 

Goodwill impairment 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Restructuring 

() 

() 

Other adjustments, net 

() 

() 

Income tax (benefit) expense 

() 

() 

Pension, compensation, and other employee benefits 

Accrued liabilities and reserves 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Leases 

Goodwill and other intangible assets 

Deferral of United States interest deductions 

Other deferred income tax assets 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Foreign deferred tax assets included above 

() 

() 

United States net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property and equipment 

() 

() 

Goodwill and other intangible assets 

() 

() 

Leases 

() 

() 

Other deferred income tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Foreign deferred tax liabilities included above 

() 

() 

United States net deferred tax liabilities included above 

() 

() 

United States net deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

In 2022, due to the improved operations in GES Middle East and Europe, we are reporting a global intangible low-taxed income GILTI inclusion in the United States for the first time since 2020 resulting in a million increase in tax. Due to improved worldwide earnings in 2022, our million reduction of the valuation allowance was the result of realizing net operating losses and other deferred tax assets in excess of the amount of net operating losses and other deferred tax assets added. Our state income tax benefit in 2021 includes million related to the true up of our state net operating losses on an entity-by-entity approach. In 2020 and at the beginning of 2021, we filed certain tax elections to restructure how our foreign UK operations are taxed in the United States to maximize future tax benefits and minimize future compliance complexity. These elections resulted in a million benefit in 2020 and a million expense in 2021. Both of these amounts were offset by a change in the valuation allowance. We use significant judgment in forming conclusions regarding the recoverability of our deferred tax assets and evaluate all available positive and negative evidence to determine if it is more-likely-than-not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. To the extent recovery does not appear likely, a valuation allowance must be recorded. In determining the recoverability of our deferred assets, we considered our cumulative loss incurred over the period ended December 31, 2022 in each tax jurisdiction. Given the weight of objectively verifiable historical losses from our operations, we recorded a valuation allowance on all deferred tax assets in the United States, United Kingdom, Germany, Switzerland, and our FlyOver operations in Iceland and Toronto. We had gross deferred tax assets of million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. The valuation allowance was million as of December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to utilization of net operating losses and deferred tax assets to offset current year income including the book gain on the disposition of the ON Service assets, which were offset by an increase to deferred assets for additional foreign tax credits and net operating losses in certain foreign jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2022, we had foreign tax credit carryforwards of million, including million against United States income tax, of which million will begin to expire in with the remaining million beginning to expire in . Foreign tax credits creditable against United Kingdom taxes was million, which can be carried forward indefinitely. As of December 31, 2022, we had million of United States research and development cre dit carryforwards will begin to expire in 2038. We recorded a valuation allowance on all tax credit carryforwards. We had gross federal, state, and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. The net operating loss carryforwards for 2022 that relate to the United States federal, United Kingdom, Germany, and Poland may be carried forward indefinitely. Certain state net operating loss carryforwards of million expire from through , although many states now have unlimited carryforwards. We recorded a valuation allowance on all net operating losses, except losses generated in Canada (excluding FlyOver Canada Toronto), the Netherlands, and Sky Lagoon in Iceland. During 2022, we carried back million of the million 2021 Canadian net operating losses to receive a million refund of prior year taxes and realized a million tax benefit. The remaining million of Canadian net operating losses may be carried forward to offset taxable income in the next years, of which we recorded a valuation allowance of million for FlyOver Canada Toronto. The gross net operating losses of Iceland of million will expire between five and . N et operating losses related to our prior operations in Switzerland and Hong Kong was million. It is more likely than not these net operating losses will not be realized as we have closed our operations in these jurisdictions. Therefore, a full valuation allowance is recorded. However, realization of these net operating losses is possible until the legal liquidation is complete. We have not recorded deferred taxes for withholding taxes on current unremitted earnings of our subsidiaries in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, and certain subsidiaries in Canada as there are no withholding taxes applied on the distributions of those current earnings in operations outside of the United States. We exercise judgment in determining the income tax provision for positions taken on prior returns when the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We classify liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions as Other deferred items and liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets unless expected to be paid or released within one year. We had liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions of million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, these amounts do not include any accrual of interest nor penalties as none would be owed on these amounts. We elected that all uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties, are classified as a component of income tax expense. 

Additions for tax positions taken in prior years 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Additions for tax positions taken in prior years 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Reductions for lapse of applicable statutes 

() 

Additions for tax positions taken in prior years 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Our 2019 through 2021 United States federal tax years and various state tax years from 2018 through 2021 remain subject to income tax examinations by tax authorities. The tax years 2018 through 2021 remain subject to examination by various foreign taxing jurisdictions. We received net cash refunds from income taxes of million during 2022, million during 2021, and million during 2020. Most of the million gross cash refunds in 2022 were from the result of the carryback of net operating losses in Canada and in certain United States states. These cash refunds were generally offset by million of cash payments made in other operations in Canada, million of minimum state income taxes and million net payments of other foreign income and withholding taxes. 

 61 
 
 VIAD CORP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Interest cost 

Expected return on plan assets 

() 

() 

Recognized net actuarial loss 

Net periodic benefit cost 

Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income (loss): 

Net actuarial (gain) loss 

() 

() 

Prior service credit 

() 

Reversal of amortization item: 

Net actuarial loss 

() 

() 

() 

Total recognized in other comprehensive income 

() 

() 

Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

The components of net periodic benefit cost and other amounts of our postretirement benefit plans recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) consist of the following: 

December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net periodic benefit cost: 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Amortization of prior service cost (credit) 

() 

() 

Recognized net actuarial (gain) loss 

() 

Net periodic benefit cost 

Settlement income 

() 

Total expenses, net 

Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income (loss): 

Net actuarial (gain) loss 

() 

() 

Prior service credit 

Reversal of amortization items: 

Net actuarial gain (loss) 

() 

() 

Prior service (cost) credit 

() 

Settlement income 

Total recognized in other comprehensive income 

() 

() 

Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

() 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Plan amendments 

() 

Actuarial adjustments 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Benefit obligation at end of year 

Change in plan assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 

Actual return on plan assets 

() 

Company contributions 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 

Funded status at end of year 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Other current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Net amount recognized 

() 

Prior service (credit) cost 

() 

Subtotal 

() 

Less tax effect 

Total 

() 

Equity securities 

Cash 

Other 

Total 

Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets 

Significant Other Observable Inputs 

Significant Unobservable Inputs 

(in thousands) 
 
 Total 

(Level 1) 

(Level 2) 

(Level 3) 

Domestic pension plans: 

Fixed income securities 

Equity securities 

Cash 

Other 

Total 

We employ a total return investment approach whereby a mix of equities and fixed income securities is used to maximize the long-term return of plan assets for a prudent level of risk. Risk tolerance is established through careful consideration of plan liabilities, plan funded status, and corporate financial condition. The investment portfolio contains a diversified blend of equity and fixed income securities. Furthermore, equity securities are diversified across United States and non-United States stocks, as well as growth and value. Investment risk is measured and monitored on an ongoing basis through quarterly investment portfolio reviews and annual liability measurements. We utilize a building-block approach in determining the long-term expected rate of return on plan assets. Historical markets are studied and long-term historical relationships between equity securities and fixed income securities are preserved consistent with the widely accepted capital market principle that assets with higher volatility generate a greater return over the long run. Current market factors such as inflation and interest rates are evaluated before long-term capital market assumptions are determined. The long-term portfolio return also considers diversification and rebalancing. Peer data and historical returns are reviewed relative to our assumed rates for reasonableness and appropriateness. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028-2032 

Foreign Pension Plans Certain of our foreign operations also maintain defined benefit pension plans held in trust for certain employees which are funded by the companies, and unfunded defined benefit pension plans providing supplemental benefits to select management employees. These plans use traditional defined benefit formulas based on years of service and final average compensation. Funding policies provide that payments to defined benefit pension trusts shall be at least equal to the minimum funding required by applicable regulations. 

Interest cost 

Expected return on plan assets 

() 

() 

() 

Recognized net actuarial loss 

Settlement 

Net periodic benefit cost 

Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income (loss): 

Net actuarial (income) loss 

() 

() 

Reversal of amortization of net actuarial loss 

() 

() 

() 

Total recognized in other comprehensive income 

() 

() 

Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Actuarial adjustments 

() 

() 

() 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Settlements 

() 

Translation adjustment 

() 

() 

() 

Benefit obligation at end of year 

Change in plan assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 

Actual return on plan assets 

() 

Company contributions 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Settlements 

() 

Translation adjustment 

() 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 

Funded status at end of year 

() 

() 

() 

Other current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Net amount recognized 

() 

() 

Net actuarial losses for the foreign funded plans recognized in AOCI were million million after-tax) as of December 31, 2022 and million million after-tax) as of December 31, 2021 . Net actuarial losses for the foreign unfunded plans recognized in AOCI were million million after-tax) as of December 31, 2022 and million million after-tax) as of December 31, 2021. 

Equity securities 

Cash 

Total 

Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using 

(in thousands) 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobserved Inputs (Level 3) 

Assets: 

Fixed income securities 

Equity securities 

Other 

Total 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028-2032 

Information for Pension Plans with an Accumulated Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets 

Accumulated benefit obligation 

Fair value of plan assets 

Foreign Plans 

Funded Plans 

Unfunded Plans 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2022 

2021 

Projected benefit obligation 

Accumulated benefit obligation 

Fair value of plan assets 

Contributions In aggregate for both the domestic and foreign plans, we anticipate contributing million to the funded pension plans, million to the unfunded pension plans, and million to the postretirement benefit plans in 2023. Weighted-Average Assumptions 

Rate of compensation increase 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit costs as of December 31 were as follows: 

Domestic Plans 

Funded Plans 

Unfunded Plans 

Postretirement Benefit Plans 

Foreign Plans 

2022 

2021 

2022 

2021 

2022 

2021 

2022 

2021 

Discount rate 

Expected return on plan assets 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Rate of compensation increase 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Multi-employer Plans We contribute to various defined benefit pension plans under the terms of collective bargaining agreements that cover our union-represented employees. The financial risks of participating in these multi-employer pension plans generally include the fact that the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by solvent participating employers. In addition, if we were to discontinue participating in some of our multi-employer pension plans, we could be required to pay a withdrawal liability amount based on the underfunded status of the plan. Currently, we do not anticipate triggering any withdrawal from any multi-employer pension plan to which we currently contribute. We also contribute to defined contribution plans pursuant to collective bargaining agreements, which are generally not subject to the funding risks inherent in defined benefit pension plans. The overall level of contributions to our multi-employer plans may significantly vary from year to year based on the demand for union-represented labor to support our operations. We do not have any minimum contribution requirements for future periods pursuant to our collective bargaining agreements for individually significant multi-employer plans. Our participation in multi-employer pension plans for 2022 is outlined in the following table. Unless otherwise noted, the most recent Pension Protection Act zone status available in 2022 and 2021 relates to the plan s year end as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 , respectively, and is based on information received from the plan. Among other factors, plans in the red zone are generally less than funded, plans in the yellow zone are less than funded, and plans in the green zone are at least funded. 

1 

Continuous 

Chicago Regional Council of Carpenters Pension Fund 

1 

Yes 

Southern California Local 831 Employer Pension Fund (1) 

1 

Continuous 

IBEW Local Union No 357 Pension Plan A 

1 

Continuous 

Machinery Movers Riggers Mach Erect Local 136 Supplemental Retirement Plan (1) 

11 

Yes 

Southwest Carpenters Pension Trust 

1 

New England Teamsters Trucking Industry Pension 

1 

Yes 

Electrical Contractors Assoc. Chicago Local Union 134, IBEW Joint Pension Trust of Chicago Plan #2 

2 

Continuous 

All other funds (2) 

Total contributions to defined benefit plans 

Total contributions to other plans 

Total contributions to multi-employer plans 

(1) of total plan contributions for the plan year detailed in the plans most recent Form s. 

 (2) 

Other Employee Benefits We match United States employee contributions to the 401(k) Plan with shares of our common stock held in treasury up to of the first of a participant s salary plus of the next . The expense associated with our match was million for 2022 , million for 2021 , and million for 2020 . In April 2020, we suspended our 401(k) Plan employer match contributions, which were later reinstated in October 2020. 

Restructuring charges 

Cash payments 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Non-cash items (1) 

() 

() 

Adjustment to liability 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Restructuring charges 

Cash payments 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Non-cash items (1) 

() 

() 

Adjustment to liability 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Restructuring charges 

Cash payments 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Non-cash items (1) 

() 

() 

Adjustment to liability 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

(1) 

As of December 31, 2022 , million of the liabilities related to severance and employee benefits and million of liabilities related to facilities will remain unpaid by the end of 2023. The liabilities related to facilities primarily include dilapidations and non-lease expenses that will be paid over the remaining lease terms. Refer to Note 23 Segment Information , for information regarding restructuring charges by segment. 

Finance lease assets 
 
 Property and equipment, net 

Total lease assets 

Liabilities: 

Current: 

Operating lease obligations 
 
 Operating lease obligations 

Finance lease obligations 
 
 Current portion of debt and finance obligations 

Noncurrent: 

Operating lease obligations 
 
 Long-term operating lease obligations 

Finance lease obligations 
 
 Long-term debt and finance obligations 

Total lease liabilities 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Operating lease cost 

Short-term lease cost 

Variable lease cost 

Total lease cost, net 

Operating cash flows from finance leases 

Financing cash flows from finance leases 

ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (years): 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

Weighted-average discount rate: 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total future lease payments 

Less: Amount representing interest 

() 

() 

() 

Present value of minimum lease payments 

Current portion 

Long-term portion 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total minimum rents 

Lease Not Yet Commenced As of December 31, 2022 , years. 

 million related to previously sold operations. Although we are a party to certain environmental disputes, we believe that any resulting liabilities, after taking into consideration amounts already provided for and insurance coverage, will not have a material effect on our financial position or results of operations. As of December 31, 2022, on behalf of our subsidiaries, we had certain obligations under guarantees to third parties. These guarantees are not subject to liability recognition in the consolidated financial statements and relate to leased facilities and equipment leases entered into by our subsidiary operations. We would generally be required to make payments to the respective third parties under these guarantees in the event that the related subsidiary could not meet its own payment obligations. The maximum potential amount of future payments that we would be required to make under all guarantees existing as of December 31, 2022 would be million. These guarantees relate to our leased equipment and facilities through . There are recourse provisions that would enable us to recover from third parties any payments made under the guarantees. Furthermore, there are no collateral or similar arrangements pursuant to which we could recover payments. A significant number of our employees are unionized and we are a party to approximately collective bargaining agreements, with approximately one-third requiring renegotiation each year. If we are unable to reach an agreement with a union during the collective bargaining process, the union may call for a strike or work stoppage, which may, under certain circumstances, adversely impact our business and results of operations. We believe that relations with our employees are satisfactory and that collective bargaining agreements expiring in 2023 will be renegotiated in the ordinary course of business. Although our labor relations are currently stable, disruptions could occur, with the possibility of an adverse impact on the operating results of GES. Refer to Note 18 Pension and Postretirement Benefits for additional information on specific union-related pension matters. We are self-insured up to certain limits for workers compensation and general liabilities, which includes automobile, product general liability, and client property loss claims. The aggregate amount of insurance liabilities (up to our retention limit) related to our continuing operations was million as of December 31, 2022 , which includes million related to workers compensation liabilities, and million related to general liability claims. We have also retained and provided for certain workers compensation insurance liabilities in conjunction with previously sold businesses of mil lion as of December 31, 2022 . We are also self-insured for certain employee health benefits and the estimated employee health benefit claims incurred but not yet reported was million as of December 31, 2022 . Provisions for losses for claims incurred, including actuarially derived estimated claims incurred but not yet reported, are made based on our historical experience, claims frequency, and other factors. A change in the assumptions used could result in an adjustment to recorded liabilities. We have purchased insurance for amounts in excess of the self-insured levels, which generally range from million to million on a per claim basis. We do not maintain a self-insured retention pool fund as claims are paid from current cash resources at the time of settlement. Our net cash payments in connection with these insurance liabilities were million for 2022 , million for 2021 , and million for 2020. In addition, as of December 31, 2022 , we have recorded insurance liabilities of million related to continuing operations, which represents the amount for which we remain the primary obligor after self-insured insurance limits, without taking into consideration the above-referenced insurance coverage. Of this total, million is related to workers compensation liabilities and million is related to general/auto liability claims, which is recorded in Other deferred items and liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets with a corresponding receivable in Other investments and assets. 

 of the common stock) in Esja, a private corporation in Reykjavik, Iceland. Subsequent to additional capital contributions, our equity ownership increased to as of December 31, 2022. Through Esja and its wholly-owned subsidiary, we are operating the FlyOver Iceland attraction. The minority Esja shareholders have the right to sell (or put their Esja shares to us based on a multiple of 5.0x EBITDA as calculated on the trailing 12 months from the most recently completed quarter before the put option exercise. The noncontrolling interest s carrying value is determined by the fair value of the noncontrolling interest as of the acquisition date and the noncontrolling interest s share of the subsequent net income or loss. This value is benchmarked against the redemption value of the sellers put option. The carrying value is adjusted to the redemption value, provided that it does not fall below the initial carrying value, as determined by the purchase price allocation. We have made a policy election to reflect any changes caused by such an adjustment to retained earnings (accumulated deficit), rather than to current earnings (loss). 

Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest 

() 

Adjustment to the redemption value 

Capital contributions 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest 

() 

Adjustment to the redemption value 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Non-redeemable noncontrolling interest Non-redeemable noncontrolling interest represents the portion of equity in a subsidiary that is not attributable, directly or indirectly, to us. Our non-redeemable noncontrolling interest relates to the equity ownership interest that we do not own. Changes in the non-redeemable noncontrolling interest are as follows: 

(in thousands) 
 Glacier Park Inc. 

Brewster (1) 

Sky Lagoon 

Total 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Net loss attributable to non-redeemable noncontrolling interest 

() 

Acquisitions 

Distributions to non-controlling interests 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net income (loss) attributable to non-redeemable noncontrolling interest 

() 

Distributions to non-controlling interests 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Equity ownership interest that we do not own 

(1) 

GES: 

Spiro 

GES Exhibitions 

GES intersegment eliminations 

() 

() 

() 

Total GES 

Total revenue 

Segment operating income (loss): 

Pursuit 

() 

GES: 

Spiro 

() 

() 

GES Exhibitions 

() 

() 

Total GES 

() 

() 

Segment operating income (loss) 

() 

() 

Corporate eliminations (1) 

Corporate activities 

() 

() 

() 

Gain on sale of ON Services 

Interest expense, net 

() 

() 

() 

Other expense, net 

() 

() 

() 

Restructuring charges: 

Pursuit 

() 

() 

() 

Spiro 

() 

() 

() 

GES Exhibitions 

() 

() 

() 

Corporate 

() 

() 

() 

Impairment charges: 

Pursuit 

() 

Spiro 

() 

GES Exhibitions 

() 

() 

Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 

() 

() 
 
 (1) 

 Additional information of our reportable segments is as follows: 

Spiro 

GES Exhibitions 

Corporate 

Amortization: 

Pursuit 

Spiro 

GES Exhibitions 

Capital expenditures: 

Pursuit 

Spiro 

GES Exhibitions 

Corporate and other 

We do not report total assets by segment because this is not a metric used to allocate resources or evaluate segment performance. Geographic Areas Our foreign operations are primarily in Canada, the United Kingdom, Iceland, the Netherlands, Germany, and to a lesser extent, in certain other countries. GES revenue is designated as domestic or foreign based on the originating location of the product or service. Long-lived assets are attributed to domestic or foreign based principally on the physical location of the assets. Long-lived assets consist of Property and equipment, net and Other investments and assets. 

EMEA 

Canada 

Total revenue 

Long-lived assets: 

United States 

EMEA 

Canada 

Total long-lived assets 

million in borrowings under our 2021 Credit Facility and provides us with the right to receive payment if the one-month SOFR exceeds . Beginning on February 28, 2023, we will pay a fixed monthly deferred premium based on an annual rate of for the interest rate cap, which matures on . LIBOR Transition Amendment On February 6, 2023, we entered into the LIBOR Transition Amendment to the 2021 Credit Facility to replace LIBOR with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). In accordance with the LIBOR replacement provisions outlined in the 2021 Credit Facility, additional credit spread adjustments apply to SOFR ranging from (for a one-month duration) up to (for a 12-month duration). For additional information on the 2021 Credit Facility, refer to Note 12 Debt and Finance Obligations . Forest Park Construction Loan Amendment During January 2023, we completed our final borrowing under the Forest Park Hotel Construction Loan Facility and the facility was converted, by way of an amendment to the loan agreement, to a term loan with a fixed interest rate of effective January 31, 2023. The term loan matures on February 1, 2028 and requires interest only payments through July 31, 2024. For additional information on the Forest Park Hotel Construction Loan Facility, refer to Note 12 Debt and Finance Obligations . 

 76 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIST ERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Viad Corp 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Viad Corp and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity and mezzanine equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 28, 2023, expressed a qualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Litigation, Claims, Contingencies, and Other Self Insurance Reserves Refer to Notes 1 and 21 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company is self-insured up to certain limits for workers compensation, automobile, product and general liability claims. Reserves for losses for claims incurred, including actuarially derived estimated claims incurred but not reported, are made by the Company based on historical experience, claims frequency, insurance coverage, and other factors. The Company purchases insurance for amounts in excess of self-insured levels. The aggregate amount of these insurance liabilities related to continuing operations was 18.1 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 Given the subjectivity of estimating the projected settlement value of reported and unreported claims, auditing the self-insurance reserves involved especially subjective auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our actuarial specialists when auditing the self-insurance reserves, and therefore we have identified this as a critical audit matter. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the self-insurance reserves included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls related to self-insurance reserves, including those over the projection of settlement value of reported and unreported claims. 

We evaluated the methods and assumptions used by management to estimate the self-insurance reserves by: 

77 
 
 Agreeing the underlying claims data to source documents that served as the basis for the Company s actuarial analysis, to evaluate whether the inputs to the actuarial estimate were reasonable. 

Comparing management s prior-year assumptions of expected development and ultimate loss to actuals incurred during the current year to identify potential bias in the determination of the self-insurance reserves. 

With the assistance of our actuarial specialists, we developed independent estimates of the self-insurance reserves, using standard traditional actuarial methodologies, and compared our estimates to management s estimates. 

Goodwill FlyOver and Glacier Park Collection Refer to Notes 1 and 9 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company s evaluation of goodwill for impairment involves the comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. The Company used a discounted expected future cash flow methodology to estimate the fair value of its reporting units, which requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to the discount rate and forecasts of future revenues and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization EBITDA margins. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could have a significant impact on either the fair value, the amount of goodwill impairment charge, or both. 
 Given the significant judgments made by management to estimate the fair value of the FlyOver and Glacier Park Collection reporting units, performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions related to selection of the discount rates and forecasts of future revenue and EBITDA margins required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the selection of the discount rates and forecasts of future revenue and EBITDA margins forecasts used by management to estimate the fair value of the FlyOver and Glacier Park Collection reporting units included the following procedures: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over management s goodwill impairment evaluation, including those over the determination of the fair value of the reporting units, such as the control related to management s selection of the discount rates and forecasts. 

We evaluated the reasonableness of management s forecasts by comparing the forecasts to (1) historical results of the Company, (2) internal communications to management, and (3) forecasted information included in industry reports of the Company. 

With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the (1) valuation methodology and (2) discount rate, including testing the source information underlying the determination of the discount rate, testing the mathematical accuracy of the calculation, and developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rates selected by management. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 Tempe, Arizona 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since at least 1929; however, an earlier year could not be reliably determined. 

78 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Acco untants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Control s and Procedures 
 We have established disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management, together with our CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. 
 Based on this evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022 due to a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting as described below. Notwithstanding the material weakness described below, based on the additional analysis and other post-closing procedures performed, the Company believes the audited Consolidated Financial Statements and other financial information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, are fairly presented, in all material respects, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 79 
 
 MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our board of directors, our management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with United States GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with United States GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 
 Management performed an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria described in the Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The objective of this assessment was to determine whether our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. Based on our assessment, we concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is not effective based on those criteria due to a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting as described below. 
 A material weakness, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2, is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, has issued a report relating to our audit of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, which appears on the following page of this 2022 Form 10-K. 
 Identification of Material Weakness in Controls over Financial Reporting 
 During our year-end close and review procedures for the year ended December 31, 2022, a material weakness was identified over the remeasurement of monetary liabilities in nonfunctional currencies as a result of the error identified in accounting for a finance lease at the Company s Sky Lagoon attraction in Iceland, which impacted costs of services, long-term debt and finance obligations, and net income attributable to Viad after accounting for taxes and noncontrolling interests. This error was corrected in the Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, which was filed on February 28, 2023. 
 Remediation Plan 
 We are in the process of designing and implementing an internal control to address the material weakness. The material weakness cannot be considered remediated until applicable controls have been designed, implemented, and operated for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. Accordingly, we will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Except as noted above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 80 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Viad Corp 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Viad Corp and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weakness identified below on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 28, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Material Weakness 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weakness has been identified and included in management's assessment: 
 The Company did not appropriately design and implement a control to identify and account for monetary liabilities denominated in a foreign currency and the resulting transaction gains and losses from a change in exchange rates between the functional currency and the currency in which the monetary liabilities is denominated. 
 This material weakness was considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 of the Company, and this report does not affect our report on such financial statements. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 Tempe, Arizona 
 February 28, 2023 
 81 
 
 Item 9B . Other Information 
 Not applicable. 
 Item 9C . DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 82 
 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Off icers and Corporate Governance 
 Information regarding our directors, director nomination procedures, and the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors is included in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders scheduled to be held on May 24, 2023 (the Proxy Statement ), under the captions Election of Directors, Board of Directors and Corporate Governance, and Stock Ownership Information, and are incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding our executive officers is located in Part I, Other Information about our Executive Officers of this 2022 Form 10-K. 
 We adopted a Code of Ethics for all of our directors, officers and employees. A copy of our Code of Ethics is available at our website at www.viad.com/about-us/corporate-governance/documents-and-charters/default.aspx and is also available without charge to any shareholder upon written request to: Viad Corp, 7000 East 1st Avenue, Scottsdale, Arizona 85251-4304, Attention: Corporate Secretary. 
 Item 11. Executiv e Compensation 
 Information in the Proxy Statement under the captions Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Board of Directors and Corporate Governance, and Executive Compensation is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Own ers and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Information in the Proxy Statement under the captions Executive Compensation and Stock Ownership Information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Information in the Proxy Statement under the caption Board of Directors and Corporate Governance is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 14. Principal Accoun tANT Fees and Services 
 Information regarding principal accountant fees and services and the pre-approval policies and procedures for such fees and services, as adopted by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, is contained in the Proxy Statement under the caption Ratification of the Selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 P ART IV 
 Item 15. Exhib its AND Financ ial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Financial Statements and Schedules 

See Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule at Item 8 of this 2022 Form 10-K. 
 (b) Exhibit Index 

83 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 

Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Period Ending 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 

3.A 

Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Viad Corp, as amended through July 1, 2004 (SEC File No. 001-11015; SEC Film No. 04961107). 
 
 10-Q 
 
 6/30/2004 
 
 3.A 
 
 8/9/2004 

3.B 

Bylaws of Viad Corp, as amended through December 5, 2013. 
 
 8-K 

3 
 
 12/9/2013 

3.C 

Certificate of Designations of 5.5 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 8-K 

3.1 
 
 8/5/2020 

4.A 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 5, 2020, by and among Viad Corp, Crestview IV VC TE Holdings, LLC, Crestview IV VC Holdings, L.P., and Crestview IV VC CI Holdings, L.P. 
 
 8-K 

4.1 
 
 8/5/2020 

4.B 

Description of Viad Corp s Securities . 

10.A1 
 
 + 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement, effective as of August 26, 2020, pursuant to the 2017 Viad Corp Omnibus Incentive Award Plan. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 9/30/2020 
 
 10.7 
 
 11/6/2020 

10.B1 
 
 + 
 
 2017 Viad Corp Omnibus Incentive Plan, amended and restated effective May 24, 2022. 
 
 8-K 

10.1 
 
 5/26/2022 

10.B2 
 
 + 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement, effective as of May 18, 2017, pursuant to the 2017 Viad Corp Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 
 8-K 

10.4 
 
 5/23/2017 

10.B3 
 
 + 
 
 Form of Management Incentive Plan (MIP) Administrative Guidelines, effective February 27, 2018, pursuant to the 2017 Viad Corp Omnibus Incentive Plan, effective as of May 18, 2017. 
 
 10-K 
 
 12/31/2017 
 
 10.B4 
 
 2/28/2018 

10.B4 
 
 + 
 
 Form of Management Incentive Plan, effective as of February 27, 2018, pursuant to the 2017 Viad Corp Omnibus Incentive Plan, effective as of May 18, 2017. 
 
 10-K 
 
 12/31/2017 
 
 10.B5 
 
 2/28/2018 

10.B5 
 
 + 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement, by and between Viad Corp and each of Steven W. Moster and Ellen M. Ingersoll, dated February 16, 2021. 
 
 8-K 

10.1 
 
 2/17/2021 

10.B6 
 
 + 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement by and between Viad Corp and David Barry, dated March 29, 2022. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 3/31/2022 
 
 10.2 
 
 5/6/2022 

10.B7 
 
 + 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement - Non-Employee Directors (Crestview), effective as of February 24, 2022, pursuant to the 2017 Viad Corp Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 3/31/2022 
 
 10.3 
 
 5/6/2022 

10.B8 
 
 + 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement - Non-Employee Directors (Others), effective as of February 24, 2022, pursuant to the 2017 Corp Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 3/31/2022 
 
 10.4 
 
 5/6/2022 

10.B9 
 
 + 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement, effective as of August 26, 2020, pursuant to the 2017 Viad Corp Omnibus Incentive Plan. 

84 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 

Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Period Ending 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 

10.B10 
 
 + 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement, effective as of May 26, 2022, pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2017 Corp Omnibus Incentive Plan. 

10.B11 
 
 + 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement, effective as of February 23, 2021, pursuant to the 2017 Corp Omnibus Incentive Plan. 

10.C1 
 
 + 
 
 Forms of Viad Corp Executive Severance Plans (Tier I and II), amended and restated for Code Section 409A as of January 1, 2005. 
 
 8-K 

10.B 
 
 8/29/2007 

10.C2 
 
 + 
 
 Form of Viad Corp Executive Severance Plan (Tier I-2013) effective as February 27, 2013. 
 
 8-K 

10.B 
 
 3/5/2013 

10.C3 
 
 + 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Viad Corp Executive Severance Plan (Tier I), effective as of February 26, 2014. 
 
 8-K 

10 
 
 3/4/2014 

10.C4 
 
 + 
 
 Severance Agreement (No Change in Control) between Viad Corp and Steven W. Moster, effective as of December 3, 2014. 
 
 8-K 

10.B 
 
 12/5/2014 

10.C5 
 
 + 
 
 Severance Agreement (No Change in Control) between Viad Corp and David W. Barry, effective as of April 22, 2015. 
 
 10-K 
 
 12/31/2015 
 
 10.H4 
 
 3/11/2016 

10.D1 
 
 + 
 
 Viad Corp Supplemental Pension Plan, amended and restated as of January 1, 2005 for Code Section 409A. 
 
 8-K 

10.A 
 
 8/29/2007 

10.E1 
 
 + 
 
 Viad Corp Defined Contribution Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, effective as of January 1, 2013. 
 
 8-K 

10.E 
 
 3/5/2013 

10.F1 
 
 + 
 
 Executive Officer Pay Continuation Policy adopted February 7, 2007. 
 
 8-K 

10.A 
 
 2/13/2007 

10.G1 
 
 + 
 
 Viad Corp Directors Matching Gift Program, effective as of February 18, 1999. 
 
 10-K 
 
 12/31/2018 
 
 10.H1 
 
 2/27/2019 

10.H1 
 
 + 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Viad Corp and Directors of Viad Corp, as approved by Viad Corp stockholders on October 16, 1987. 
 
 10-K 
 
 12/31/2008 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/27/2009 

10.I1 
 
 + 
 
 Summary of Compensation Program of Non-Employee Directors of Viad Corp, effective as of February 25, 2020. 
 
 10-K 
 
 12/31/2020 
 
 10.J1 
 
 3/2/2021 

10.J1 

Investment Agreement, dated August 5, 2020, by and among Viad Corp, Crestview IV VC TE Holdings, LLC, Crestview IV VC Holdings, L.P., and Crestview IV VC CI Holdings, L.P. 
 
 8-K 

10.1 
 
 8/5/2020 

10.J2 

Stockholders Agreement, dated August 5, 2020, by and among Viad Corp, Crestview IV VC TE Holdings, LLC, Crestview IV VC Holdings, L.P., and Crestview IV VC CI Holdings, L.P. 
 
 8-K 

10.2 
 
 8/5/2020 

10.J3 
 
 + 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement . 
 
 8-K 

10.4 
 
 8/5/2020 

10.J4 

Form of Crestview Designee Indemnification Agreement. 
 
 8-K 

10.5 
 
 8/5/2020 

85 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 

Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Period Ending 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 

10.K1 

500,000,000 Credit Agreement among Viad Corp, Bank of America, N.A., and other lenders party thereto, dated as of July 30, 2021 . 
 
 8-K 

10.1 
 
 8/2/2021 

10-K2 

First Amendment, among the Company, the other loan parties party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, which amends the Credit Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2021, among the Company, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto from time to time. 
 
 8-K 

10.1 
 
 3/24/2022 

21 

List of Viad Corp Subsidiaries. 

23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm to the incorporation by reference into specified registration statements on Form S-8 of its report contained in this Annual Report. 

24 

Power of Attorney signed by Viad Corp Directors. 

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Viad Corp pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Viad Corp pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 

Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Viad Corp pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File 

Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 The Inline XBRL Instance Document and Cover Page Interactive Data File do not appear in the Interactive Data File because their XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 Submitted electronically herewith 
 + Management contract or compensation plan or arrangement. 
 86 
 
 Item 16. Form 1 0-K summary 
 None. 
 87 

() 

December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

() 

December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

Deferred tax valuation allowance: 

December 31, 2020 

December 31, 2021 

() 

December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

(1) 

 (2) 

88 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 28, 2023. 

VIAD CORP 

By: 
 /s/ Steven W. Moster 

Steven W. Moster 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Principal Executive Officer 

Date: 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Steven W. Moster 

Steven W. Moster 

President and Chief Executive Officer, Director 

Principal Financial Officer 

Date: 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Ellen M. Ingersoll 

Ellen M. Ingersoll 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Accounting Officer 

Date: 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Leslie S. Striedel 

Leslie S. Striedel 

Chief Accounting Officer 

Directors 

Beverly K. Carmichael 

Brian P. Cassidy 

Denise M. Coll 

Richard H. Dozer 

Virginia L. Henkels 

Patrick T. LaValley 

Edward E. Mace 

Joshua E. Schechter 

Date: 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Ellen M. Ingersoll 

Ellen M. Ingersoll 

Attorney-in-Fact 

Pursuant to power of attorney filed as Exhibit 24 to this 2022 Form 10-K 
 89 

<EX-4>
 2
 vvi-ex4_b.htm
 EX-4.B

EX-4 

Exhibit 4B 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 The following summary of the capital stock of Viad Corp. does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our restated certificate of incorporation (as amended, our charter ), our bylaws (our bylaws , and together with our charter, our organizational documents ), each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part, and certain provisions of Delaware law. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references to we , us, our and Viad in this section refer solely to Viad Corp. and not to our subsidiaries. 
 General 
 Under our charter, our authorized capital stock consists of (i) 200,000,000 shares of common stock, 1.50 par value per share, (ii) 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.01 par value per share, (iii) 442,532 shares of Series 4.75 Preferred Stock, stated value of 100 per share, (iv) 2,000,000 shares of Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share. and (v) 180,000 shares of 5.5 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share. As of December 31, 2022, there were 20,718,937 shares of Viad common stock outstanding, 141,827 shares of 5.5 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding and no shares of any other series of Viad preferred stock outstanding. All outstanding shares of Viad capital stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 
 Common Stock 
 Voting Rights. All shares of our common stock have identical rights and privileges. Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters subject to a vote of stockholders, subject to the rights of holders of any outstanding preferred stock. Accordingly, holders of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors may elect all of the directors standing for election, subject to the rights of holders of any outstanding preferred stock. 
 Dividend Rights . Our common stockholders are entitled to receive dividends and distributions declared by our board of directors, to the extent permitted by the terms of outstanding shares of preferred stock, our credit agreement and our charter. If a dividend is declared, it will be distributed pro rata to our common stockholders, unless it is a dividend in kind. 
 Liquidation Rights . If Viad is liquidated or dissolved, our common stockholders will be entitled to receive our assets and funds available for distribution to common stockholders in proportion to the number of shares they hold. Our common stockholders may not receive any assets or funds until our creditors have been paid in full and any preferential or participating rights of our preferred stockholders have been satisfied. 
 Other . Holders of common stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is EQ Shareowner Services. 
 Preferred Stock 
 We are authorized to issue 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, which may be issued from time to time in one or more series upon authorization by the board of directors. Our board of directors, without further approval of the stockholders, will be authorized to fix the designation of the series and number of shares within the series, as well as the dividend rights and terms, redemption rights and terms, liquidation preferences, conversion rights and terms, voting rights and terms and any other rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions applicable to each series of preferred stock. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could also adversely affect the voting power and dividend and liquidation rights of the holders of common stock. The issuance of preferred stock could also, under certain circumstances, have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or discouraging a third party from acquiring, a majority of our 
 
 outstanding voting stock or otherwise adversely affect the market price of our common stock. It is not possible to state the actual effect of the issuance of any shares of preferred stock on the rights of holders of common stock until the board of directors determines the specific rights of that series of preferred stock. 
 You should refer to the certificate of designations establishing a particular series of preferred stock which will be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with any offering of preferred stock. 
 Series 4.75 Preferred Stock 
 Conversion . The shares of Series 4.75 Preferred Stock are not convertible into any other of our securities. 
 Voting Rights . We must obtain the approval of two-thirds of holders of the outstanding shares of Series 4.75 Preferred Stock in order to: 
 
 amend our charter; 

materially change the terms of the Series 4.75 Preferred Stock; 

issue any class or series of stock ranking prior to the Series 4.75 Preferred Stock with respect to dividend or liquidation rights; 

sell or lease all or substantially all of our property or business 

voluntarily liquidate or dissolve; or 

merge or consolidate with or into any other corporation unless the Series 4.75 Preferred Stock will remain outstanding and retain its seniority. 

We must obtain the approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series 4.75 Preferred Stock in order to issue stock ranking equal to the Series 4.75 Preferred Stock with respect to dividend or liquidation rights. 
 If we fail to pay dividends for six quarters, the holders of Series 4.75 Preferred Stock have the right to elect two directors to our board of directors who will serve until all dividend arrearages have been paid. 
 Dividend Rights . Each share of Series 4.75 Preferred Stock is entitled to cumulative annual dividends from the original issuance of 4.75 per share payable quarterly. 
 Liquidation Rights . Each share is entitled to a liquidation preference of 100 per share in the event of a voluntary liquidation and 101 per share in the event of an involuntary liquidation, plus, in each case, accrued but unpaid dividends. 
 Redemption and Sinking Fund . We may redeem the Series 4.75 Preferred Stock at any time, in whole or part, at a redemption price of 101 per share plus accrued but unpaid dividends. We are required to deposit into a sinking fund each year an amount sufficient to redeem 6,000 shares of Series 4.75 Preferred Stock. Alternatively, we may deposit shares of Series 4.75 Preferred Stock we acquire through repurchase or redemption in lieu of depositing the redemption amount. For this purpose, we may not deposit shares redeemed through the sinking fund. Each year we are required to use all funds in the sinking fund to redeem Series 4.75 Preferred Stock. The shares redeemed are chosen by lot. 
 Junior Participating Preferred Stock 
 Conversion. The shares of Junior Participating Preferred Stock are not convertible into any other of our securities. 
 Voting Rights . Holders of Junior Participating Preferred Stock are entitled to 25 votes for each share held on all matters subject to a vote of stockholders, subject to the rights of holders of any outstanding senior preferred stock. 
 
 We must obtain the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Junior Participating Preferred Stock in order to amend the charter in any manner that would materially alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the Junior Participating Preferred Stock. 
 Dividend Rights . Each share of Junior Participating Preferred Stock is entitled to a minimum preferential quarterly dividend payment of 0.25 per share, but is entitled to an aggregate dividend of 25 times the dividend declared per share of common stock. 
 Liquidation Rights . Each share is entitled to a minimum liquidation preference of 25 per share, but is entitled to an aggregate payment of 25 times the payment made per share of common stock. 
 Consolidation / Merger Rights . In the event of any merger, consolidation or other transaction in which shares of common stock are exchanged, each share of Junior Participating Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive 25 times the amount received per share of common stock. These rights are protected by customary anti-dilution provisions. 
 No Redemption . The shares of Junior Participating Preferred Stock are not redeemable. 
 5.5 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
 On August 5, 2020, we entered into an investment agreement (the Investment Agreement with funds managed by private equity firm Crestview Partners, relating to the issuance of 135,000 shares of newly issued Convertible Series A Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of 135 million or 1,000 per share. 
 Ranking . With respect to dividends and distributions on liquidation, winding-up and dissolution, the preferred stock ranks (i) senior to the common stock and any other class or series of the Company s stock whose terms do not expressly provide that such class or series will rank senior to, or equally with, the preferred stock, (ii) on parity with any class or series of the Company s stock whose terms expressly provide that such class or series will rank equally with the preferred stock and (iii) junior to any class or series of the Company s stock whose terms expressly provide that such class or series will rank senior to the preferred stock. 
 Liquidation Rights . Upon a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, each share of preferred stock will be entitled to receive an amount per share equal to the greater of (i) the liquidation preference and (ii) the amount that the holder of preferred stock would have been entitled to receive at such time if the preferred stock were converted into common stock (without giving effect to any Ownership Limitation (as defined below)) (the Value of Converted Shares ). 
 Dividend Rights . The preferred stock will accrue a return on the liquidation preference at the rate of 5.5 per annum, which will be accreted into the liquidation preference on a quarterly basis or, at the option of the Company, payable in cash. The holders are also entitled to participate in dividends declared or paid on the common stock on an as-converted basis. 
 Conversion Rights . The shares of 5.5 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are convertible into shares of common stock (i) at the option of each holder or (ii) at the Company s election pursuant to its mandatory conversion right. 
 Conversion at the Option of the Holders . After the occurrence of August 21, 2020 (the Antitrust Clearance Date ), each holder has the right, at its option, to convert its preferred stock, in whole or in part, into shares of common stock at an initial conversion price equal to 21.25 per share. The conversion price is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, including in the event of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or similar events. The conversion price is also subject to adjustment for certain dilutive issuances of common stock at a price below the then-current market price and repurchases of common stock at a price above the then-current market price. 
 Mandatory Conversion at the Company s Election . Subject to certain conditions, the Company may, at its option after August 5, 2023, cause the conversion of all of the outstanding shares of preferred stock to common stock if, for at least 20 trading days during the 30 consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date the Company notifies the holders of the Company s election to mandatorily convert, the daily VWAP of the common stock is at least 200 of the conversion price. The Company will not exercise its right to mandatorily convert all outstanding shares of preferred stock unless certain liquidity conditions with regard to the shares of common stock to be issued upon such conversion are satisfied. 
 Limitations on Conversion Rights . Pursuant to the terms of the certificate of designations and the Investment Agreement, as applicable, unless and until approval of the Company s stockholders is obtained as contemplated by NYSE listing rules, (i) Crestview may not convert shares of preferred stock through either an optional or a mandatory 
 
 conversion into shares of common stock to the extent that such conversion would result in Crestview, in the aggregate, beneficially owning (without counting any common stock transferred to a non-affiliated holder) in excess of 29.9 of then-outstanding common stock (treating shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of all of the preferred stock as outstanding for this purpose) (such limitation, the Ownership Limitation ), (ii) Crestview may not exercise its preemptive rights to the extent stockholder approval is required as a result of Crestview s status as affiliates of the Company or pursuant to the applicable rules and regulations of the NYSE, and (iii) the conversion price of the preferred stock cannot be adjusted below 15.23 in connection with certain dilutive issuances of common stock at a price below the then-current market price and repurchases of common stock at a price above the then-current market price. 
 Redemption Rights . If the Company undergoes certain change of control transactions, each holder has the right to cause the Company to redeem any or all of the preferred stock for cash consideration equal to the greater of (x) (i) 101 of the liquidation preference thereof at any time on or prior to August 5, 2023 and (ii) 100 of the liquidation preference thereof at any time after August 5, 2023 and (y) the Value of Converted Shares immediately prior to such change of control transaction. 
 Voting Rights . Following the Antitrust Clearance Date, the holders generally are entitled to vote with the holders of the shares of common stock on all matters submitted for a vote of holders of shares of common stock (voting together with the holders of shares of common stock as one class) on an as-converted basis, subject to the Ownership Limitation. Additionally, certain matters will require the approval of the majority of the outstanding preferred stock, voting as a separate class, including (i) the issuance of any additional preferred stock (other than pursuant to the terms of the Investment Agreement), Series 4.75 Preferred Stock (as defined in the Company s charter), any class or series of senior or parity equity-linked securities or any rights, options or warrants to purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of senior or parity equity-linked securities, (ii) amendments, modifications, repeal or waiver of any provision of the Company s charter or of the certificate of designations that would adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or powers of the preferred stock and (iii) subject to certain customary exceptions, the declaration or payment of any dividends or distributions on, or redemption or repurchase of, any junior securities. Following the Antitrust Clearance Date, the holders of preferred stock are entitled to the exclusive right to vote, as a separate class, to elect the directors designated by Crestview pursuant to the terms of the stockholders agreement dated August 5, 2020 (the Stockholders Agreement ). 
 Registration Rights. The Company and each of the Crestview Partners (together with certain subsidiaries party to the Registration Rights Agreement, Crestview entered into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement pursuant to which, among other things, the Company granted Crestview certain registration rights with respect to its Registrable Securities. Registrable Securities means (a) any shares of common stock now owned or hereafter acquired (in compliance with the terms of the Investment Agreement and the Stockholders Agreement), including any Conversion Shares, (b) any other shares of common stock issued in respect of preemptive rights of Crestview and (c) any common stock or other securities actually issued in respect of the securities described in clauses (a) or (b) above or this clause (c) upon any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or similar event. 
 Under the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company is required to use its reasonable best efforts to file, at least 90 days prior to February 5, 2022, a registration statement for a shelf registration on Form S-3, or, if the Company is ineligible to use a Form S-3, another appropriate form, covering the resale of the Registrable Securities on a delayed or continuous basis (the Resale Shelf Registration Statement ). If the Resale Shelf Registration Statement ceases to be effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, while Registrable Securities are still outstanding, the Company must use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Resale Shelf Registration Statement to be effective again or file an additional shelf registration statement. 
 Demand Registration Rights . After the Resale Shelf Registration Statement becomes effective, Crestview is entitled to five demand registrations to sell its Registrable Securities pursuant to an underwritten offering, with no more than two in any 12-month period, as long as the anticipated gross proceeds of such underwritten offering are not less than 25,000,000 or include all remaining Registrable Securities. 
 Piggyback Registration Rights . If at any time the Company determines to file a registration statement with respect to an offering or to make an underwritten public offering pursuant to a previously filed registration statement of its common stock, whether or not for its own account, Crestview will have piggyback registration rights pursuant to which Crestview may require the inclusion of some or all of its Registrable Securities in such registration. In any such 
 
 registration that is an underwritten offering, to the extent requested by the underwriters, the Company may reduce the number of Crestview s Registrable Securities to be included in any such registration. 
 Expenses of Registration, Restrictions and Indemnification. The Company will pay all of the reasonable and documented fees and expenses incurred in connection with the registration rights described above. The Company will not be obligated to pay underwriting discounts, selling commissions or stock transfer taxes applicable to the securities registered by Crestview. 
 The Registration Rights Agreement provides for customary registration rights indemnification by each of the Company and Crestview. 
 Lock-Up Agreement . From August 5, 2020 through February 5, 2022, Crestview may not transfer any of the preferred shares purchased pursuant to the Investment Agreement Purchased Shares or common stock issued upon conversion of the Purchased Shares (the Conversion Shares to any person without the prior written consent of the Company, except Crestview may transfer Purchased Shares and Conversion Shares (i) to (a) any affiliate of Crestview, (b) any successor entity of such Crestview or (c) any investment fund, vehicle or similar entity of which Crestview, or any affiliate, advisor or manager of Crestview serves as a general partner, manager or advisor or any successor entity to the person described in this subclause (c), (ii) pursuant to an amalgamation, merger, tender or exchange offer, business combination, acquisition of assets or similar transaction involving the Company or any of its affiliates or any transaction resulting in a change of control of the Company or (iii) following commencement by the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries of bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceedings. The restrictions on transfer in the Investment Agreement do not prohibit liens on Purchased Shares or Conversion Shares, or any exercise of remedies with respect thereto. Subject to certain exceptions, Crestview also agreed that it would not knowingly transfer Purchased Shares or Conversion Shares to (I) certain competitors of the Company or (II) any person who would, upon consummation of such transfer, beneficially own 5 or more of common stock on an as-converted basis. 
 Preemptive Rights . If the Company intends to issue new equity securities for cash to any person, then Crestview, as long as it holds, in the aggregate, record and beneficial ownership of, on an as-converted basis, at least 50 of the preferred shares acquired on August 5, 2020 (the Initial Share Ownership ), has the right to participate in such equity offering on a pro rata basis, subject to customary exceptions. 
 Voting Agreement . Under the Stockholders Agreement, after the Antitrust Clearance Date and until the Sunset Date (defined below), Crestview has agreed to vote any shares of then held by them (i) in favor of each director nominated or recommended by the board of directors for election at any such meeting, and against the removal of any director who has been elected following nomination or recommendation by the board of directors, (ii) against any stockholder nomination for director that is not approved and recommended by the board of directors for election at any such meeting and (iii) in favor of stockholder approval, as contemplated by NYSE listing rules, as may be reasonably required for all equity interests beneficially owned by Crestview, its affiliates and permitted transferees, including shares of preferred stock, shares of common stock issued upon conversion of such preferred stock, and other shares of common stock owned, directly or indirectly, of record or beneficially by Crestview, its affiliates and permitted transferees. Crestview also agreed to vote any shares then held, regardless of class of shares, in excess of 34.9 of the then-outstanding common stock (treating shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of all of the preferred stock as outstanding for this purpose) in the same proportion as the non-Crestview stockholders of the Company. 
 Standstill Agreements . Subject to certain customary exceptions, Crestview is prohibited from, among other things, (i) acquiring equity securities of the Company in excess of 2,500,000 shares of common stock in the aggregate, (ii) effecting an acquisition, by tender or exchange offer, merger, amalgamation or a similar business combination, of the Company and (iii) soliciting proxies or seeking a director/management change in the Company until the later of (x) three years after the date of the Stockholders Agreement and (y) such time as Crestview holds, in the aggregate, record and beneficial ownership of, on an as-converted basis, less than 33 of the Initial Share Ownership (the Sunset Date ). In addition, Crestview is prohibited from engaging in any short sale or any purchase, sale or grant of any security that includes, relates to or derives any significant part of its value from a decline in the market price or value of the Company s securities. 
 Provisions of the Charter and Bylaws that May Have an Anti-Takeover Effect 
 Certain provisions in the charter and the bylaws, as well as Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), may have the effect of discouraging transactions that involve an actual or threatened change in control of Viad. In addition, 
 
 provisions of the charter, the bylaws and the DGCL may be deemed to have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, deter or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt that a stockholder might consider to be in its best interests. 
 
 Special Meetings of Stockholders . A special meeting of stockholders may only be called by the chairman of the board or by a majority of the board of directors. No stockholder or other person may call any such special meeting. 
 No Written Consent of Stockholders . Any action taken by our stockholders must be effected at a duly held meeting of stockholders and may not be effected by the written consent of such stockholders. 
 Blank Check Preferred Stock . The charter contains provisions that permit our board of directors to issue, without any further vote or action by the stockholders, up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and, with respect to each such series, to fix the number of shares constituting the series and the designation of the series, the voting powers, if any, of the shares of the series, and the preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, if any, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions, of the shares of such series. Such provisions could have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers or takeover attempts. 
 Advance Notice of Stockholder Action at a Meeting . Stockholders seeking to nominate directors or to bring business before a stockholder meeting must comply with certain timing requirements and submit certain information to us in advance of such meeting. 
 Business Combinations . We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL. Subject to certain exceptions, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested stockholder, unless the interested stockholder attained such status with the approval of the corporation s board of directors or the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A business combination includes, among other things, a merger or consolidation. 
 Elimination of Liability in Certain Circumstances 
 Our charter eliminates the liability of our directors to us or our stockholders for monetary damages resulting from breaches of their fiduciary duties as directors. Directors remain liable for breaches of their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, as well as for acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, and transactions from which a director derives improper personal benefit. Our charter does not absolve directors of liability for payment of dividends or stock purchases or redemptions by us in violation of Section 174 (or any successor provision) of the DGCL. 
 The effect of this provision is to eliminate the personal liability of directors for monetary damages for actions involving a breach of their fiduciary duty of care, including any such actions involving gross negligence. We do not believe that this provision eliminates the liability of our directors to us or our stockholders for monetary damages under the federal securities laws. The charter and bylaws also provide indemnification for the benefit of our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as it may be amended from time to time, including most circumstances under which indemnification otherwise would be discretionary. 

</EX-4>

<EX-10>
 3
 vvi-ex10_b10.htm
 EX-10.B10

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.B10 
 AMENDED RESTATED 2017 VIAD CORP OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AGREEMENT 
 (Effective May 26, 2022) 
 
 	Restricted Stock Units Units are hereby awarded by Viad Corp (the Corporation ), a Delaware corporation, effective May 26, 2022, to [NAME] Employee ), in accordance with the following terms and conditions: 
 
 	1.	 Unit Award . The Corporation hereby awards Employee [UNITS] Units (the Award pursuant to the Amended Restated 2017 Viad Corp Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ), subject to the terms, conditions, and restrictions of such Plan and as hereinafter set forth. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given thereto in the Plan. 
 
 	2.	 Restrictions on Transfer and Restriction Period . 
 
 		(a)	The Award and Units granted hereunder will commence vesting on May 26, 2022 (the Award Date ), in accordance with the following vesting schedule: the full amount of the Award will vest on December 31, 2024, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. During this period (the Restriction Period ), the Units that remain unvested may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, or otherwise encumbered by Employee, except as hereinafter provided. The Restriction Period shall lapse, and full ownership of Units will vest at the end of the Restriction Period, subject to forfeiture and repayment pursuant to paragraph 4. 
 
 		(b)	The Board of Directors (the Board shall have the authority, in its discretion, to accelerate the time at which any or all of the restrictions shall lapse with respect to any Units, prior to the expiration of the Restriction Period with respect thereto, or to remove any or all of such restrictions, whenever the Board may determine that such action is appropriate by reason of change in applicable tax or other law, or other change in circumstances. 
 
 3. 	 Restrictive Covenants . Unless a Change in Control shall have occurred after the date hereof, in order to better protect the goodwill of the Corporation and its Affiliates and to prevent the disclosure of the Corporation's or its Affiliates' trade secrets and confidential information and thereby help ensure the long-term success of the business, Employee, without prior written consent of the Corporation, will not engage in certain conduct as outlined in this paragraph 3: 
 
 (a) 	 Non-Competition. During Employee s employment with the Corporation or any of its Affiliates, and for a period of eighteen (18) months following termination of Employee s employment with the Corporation or any of its Affiliates, Employee will not engage in any activity or provide any services, whether as a director, manager, supervisor, employee, adviser, agent, consultant, owner of more than five (5) percent of any enterprise or otherwise, in connection with the manufacture, development, advertising, promotion, design, or sale of any service or product which is the same as or similar to or competitive with any services or products of the Corporation or its Affiliates (including both existing services or products as well as services or products known 

to Employee, as a consequence of Employee's employment with the Corporation or one of its Affiliates, to be in development): 
 (i)	with respect to which Employee's work has been directly concerned at any time during the two (2) years preceding termination of employment with the Corporation or one of its Affiliates, or 
 
 (ii)	with respect to which during that period of time Employee, as a consequence of Employee's job performance and duties, acquired knowledge of trade secrets or other confidential information of the Corporation or its Affiliates. For purposes of the provisions of paragraph 3(a), it shall be conclusively presumed that Employee has knowledge of information he or she was directly exposed to through actual receipt or review of memos or documents containing such information, or through actual attendance at meetings at which such information was discussed or disclosed. 
 
 (b) 	Non-Solicitation of Customers . During Employee s employment with the Corporation or any of its affiliates, and for a period of eighteen (18) months following termination of Employee s employment with the Corporation, Employee will not on behalf of any Competitor, solicit business from any Client of the Corporation that Employee serviced during Employee s employment with the Corporation (the Restricted Clients ). Client means any individual, person, business or entity that has consumed, obtained, retained and/or purchased any services or products offered or sold by the Corporation or any of its Affiliates during Employee s employment, and any individual, person, business or entity or that has been solicited by Employee to consume, obtain, retain or purchase the services or products offered or sold by the Corporation or any of its affiliates. Competitor means any person or organization engaged (or about to become engaged) in research, development, marketing, selling, or servicing with respect to any product or service which is the same as, similar to, or competes with any product, process or service of the Corporation or its Affiliates (including both existing services or products as well as services or products known to Employee, as a consequence of Employee's employment with the Corporation or one of its Affiliates, to be in development). 
 
 (c)	 Non-Solicitation of Employees. During Employee s employment with the Corporation and for eighteen (18) months immediately following termination of such employment for any reason, Employee will not, on behalf of himself or herself, or on behalf of any other person, firm, corporation, or entity, directly or indirectly (a) solicit for employment, or otherwise seek to employ, retain, divert or take away any of the agents, representatives or employees of the Corporation with whom Employee had contact or about whom Employee had access to information in the course of Employee s employment with the Corporation, (b) or in any other way assist or facilitate any such employment, solicitation or retention effort. 
 
 (d) 	Remedies. Employee understands and agrees that the Corporation s remedy for violation of the restrictions contained in paragraphs 3(a), 3(b) and/or 3(c) above is not limited to a requirement that Employee repay any awards granted to Employee under the Plan. Rather, in the event Employee breaches the terms of the restrictive covenants contained in paragraphs 3(a), 3(b) and/or 3(c) above, the Corporation will be entitled to seek and obtain any or all of the following remedies against Employee: 
 
 (RS) 2 

(i)	 Injunctive Relief. In the event that Employee breaches, or the Corporation reasonably believes that Employee is about to breach, any of the covenants of paragraphs 3(a), 3(b) and/or 3(c) above, Employee recognizes that the Corporation will suffer immediate and irreparable harm and that money damages alone will not be adequate to compensate the Corporation or its Affiliates. Accordingly, Employee agrees that the Corporation will be entitled to temporary, preliminary and/or permanent injunctive relief enforcing the terms of paragraphs 3(a), 3(b) and/or 3(c) above. 
 (ii) 	Damages. In the event that Employee breaches any of the covenants of paragraphs 3(a), 3(b) and/or 3(c) above, Employee agrees that the Corporation will be entitled to compensatory damages in an amount necessary to compensate the Corporation for any harm that is not adequately redressed or prevented by injunctive relief. 
 
 (iii) 	Forfeiture and Repayment. In the event Employee breaches any of the covenants of paragraphs 3(a), 3(b) and/or 3(c) above, Employee agrees and understands that the Corporation may require Employee to repay certain awards that have been granted under the Plan, as is more fully set forth in paragraph 4 below. 
 
 		(e) 	Governing Law. The restrictions set forth in provisions of paragraph 3 will be governed by, construed, interpreted, and their validity determined, under the law of the State of Delaware. 
 
 	4.		 Forfeiture and Repayment Provisions. 
 
 		(a)	 Termination of Employment . Except as provided in this paragraph 4(a) and in paragraph 8 below, or as otherwise may be determined by the Board, if Employee ceases to be an Employee of the Corporation or any of its Affiliates for any reason, all Units which at the time of such termination of employment are subject to the restrictions imposed by paragraph 2 above shall upon such termination of employment be forfeited and returned to the Corporation. Except as otherwise specifically determined by the Human Resources Committee of the Board (the Committee in its absolute discretion on a case by case basis, if twelve or more months have passed since the Award Date and (i) Employee is terminated by the Corporation or any of its Affiliates for any reason (other than for Cause, as defined below, or for failure to meet performance expectations, as determined by the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation), or (ii) Employee ceases to be an employee of the Corporation or any of its Affiliates by reason of death or total or partial disability, or (iii) Employee ceases to be an employee of the Corporation or any of its Affiliates by reason of normal or early retirement, then full ownership of the Units will occur to the extent not previously earned, upon lapse of the Restriction Period as set forth in paragraph 2 above, and dividends equivalents will be paid through such period, in each case on a pro-rata basis, calculated based on the percentage of time such Employee was employed by the Corporation or any of its Affiliates from the Award Date through the date Employee ceases to be an employee of the Corporation or any of its Affiliates; provided in every case, that Employee, upon request of the Corporation, shall execute a Separation Agreement and Release in connection with termination of his or her employment, such agreement to be in form and substance satisfactory to the Corporation in its absolute discretion. As used herein, the term Cause means (1) the conviction of a participant for committing a felony under federal law or the law of the state in which such action occurred, (2) dishonesty in the course of fulfilling a participant's employment duties or (3) willful 
 (RS) 3 

and deliberate failure on the part of a participant to perform his employment duties in any material respect, or such other events as will be determined by the Committee. The Committee will have the sole discretion to determine whether Cause exists, and its determination will be final. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no vesting or ownership of Units shall occur following termination of employment for any reason unless Employee, upon request of the Corporation, shall execute a Separation Agreement and Release in connection with such termination of employment, such agreement to be in form and substance satisfactory to the Corporation in its absolute discretion. 
 
 (b)	 Violations of Paragraph 3(a), 3(b) and/or 3(c) . 
 
 (i)	In addition to any other remedy at law or in equity, all Units subject to the restrictions imposed by paragraph 2 above shall be forfeited and returned to the Corporation, if Employee engages in any conduct agreed to be avoided pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 3(a), 3(b) and/or 3(c) at any time within eighteen (18) months following the date of Employee's termination of employment with the Corporation or any of its Affiliates. 
 
 (ii) 	In addition to any other remedy, at law or in equity, if, at any time within eighteen (18) months following the date of Employee's termination of employment with the Corporation or any of its Affiliates, Employee engages in any conduct agreed to be avoided pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 3(a), 3(b) and/or 3(c), then all payments (without regard to tax effects) received directly or indirectly by Employee with respect to the Units which vest during the two (2) year period prior to Employee's termination from employment shall be paid by Employee to the Corporation. Employee consents to the deduction from any amounts the Corporation or any of its Affiliates owes to Employee to the extent of the amounts Employee owes the Corporation hereunder. 
 
 (c)	 Misconduct . Unless a Change in Control shall have occurred after the date hereof: 
 
 (i)	All payments (without regard to tax effects) received directly or indirectly by Employee with respect to the Units shall be paid by Employee to the Corporation, if the Corporation reasonably determines that during Employee's employment with the Corporation or any of its Affiliates: 
 
 (1) 	Employee knowingly or grossly negligently engaged in misconduct that causes a misstatement of the financial statements of Viad or any of its Affiliates or misconduct which represents a material violation of any code of ethics of the Corporation applicable to Employee or of the Always Honest compliance program or similar program of the Corporation; or 
 
 (2) 	Employee was aware of and failed to report, as required by any code of ethics of the Corporation applicable to Employee or by the Always Honest compliance program or similar program of the Corporation, misconduct that causes a misstatement of the financial statements of the Corporation or any of its Affiliates or misconduct which represents a 
 (RS) 4 

material knowing violation of any code of ethics of the Corporation applicable to Employee or of the Always Honest compliance program or similar program of the Corporation. 
 
 (ii)	Employee consents to the deduction from any amounts the Corporation or any of its Affiliates owes to Employee to the extent of the amounts Employee owes the Corporation under this paragraph 4(c). 
 
 (d)	 Acts Contrary to Corporation . Unless a Change in Control shall have occurred after the date hereof, if the Corporation reasonably determines that at any time within two (2) years after the lapse of the Restriction Period Employee has acted significantly contrary to the best interests of the Corporation, including, but not limited to, any direct or indirect intentional disparagement of the Corporation, then all payments (without regard to tax effects) received directly or indirectly by Employee with respect to the Units which vest during the two (2) year period prior to the Corporation's determination shall be paid by Employee to the Corporation. Employee consents to the deduction from any amounts the Corporation or any of its Affiliates owes to Employee to the extent of the amounts Employee owes the Corporation under this paragraph 4(d). 
 
 (e)	The Corporation s reasonable determination required under paragraphs 4(c)(i) and 4(d) above shall be made by the Committee, in the case of executive officers of the Corporation, and by the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, in the case of all other officers and employees. 
 
 	5. 	 Employee's Rights; Dividend Equivalents . 
 
 (a) The Units will not have voting or other rights uniquely associated with common stock. 

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation hereby grants to Employee an award of dividend equivalents (pursuant to Section 14 of the Plan) as to the Units with respect to each dividend and distribution in cash, Shares or other property which is paid to all or substantially all holders of outstanding Shares and that has a record date between the Award Date and the date when a vested Unit is distributed or paid to Employee or is forfeited or expires (the Dividend Equivalents Period ). 

(i)	Employee will be credited with dividend equivalents in an amount equal to (A) the aggregate dividends paid per Share by the Corporation with a record date that occurs during the Dividend Equivalents Period, multiplied by (B) the number of Units outstanding hereunder of the applicable dividend record date. 
 
 (ii)	The dollar amount determined pursuant to paragraph 5(b)(i) will be credited to an account (the Account established for Employee for bookkeeping purposes only on the books of the Corporation. The balance in the Account will be subject to the same terms and conditions regarding payment and forfeiture as the Units subject to the Award granted hereunder and will be paid in cash at the time that any Shares associated with the Units are delivered (or forfeited at the time that the Units are forfeited). 
 (RS) 5 

(iii)	Any dividend equivalents granted in connection with the Units issued hereunder, and any amounts that may become distributable in respect thereof, shall be treated separately from such Units and the rights arising in connection therewith for purposes of the designation of time and form of payments required by Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). 
 
 	6. 	 Expiration of Restriction Period . 
 
 (a) Upon the lapse or expiration of the Restriction Period with respect to any Units, the Corporation shall promptly pay Employee a number of shares of Viad common stock equal to the number of Units that vest on the applicable vesting date. 

(b) Subject to an applicable insider trading policy, Employee may satisfy any tax withholding requirement by electing to have the Corporation withhold shares of the Corporation s common stock having a Fair Market Value on the date the tax is to be determined equal to the tax withholding requirement. 

7. 	 Adjustments for Changes in Capitalization of Corporation . In the event of a change in the Corporation s common stock through stock dividends, stock splits, recapitalization or other changes in the corporate structure of the Corporation during the Restriction Period, the number of Units subject to restrictions as set forth herein shall be appropriately adjusted and the determination of the Board as to any such adjustments shall be final, conclusive and binding upon Employee. Any Units or other securities received, as a result of the foregoing, by Employee with respect to Units subject to the restrictions contained in paragraph 2 above also shall be subject to such restrictions. 
 
 	8. 	 Effect of Change in Control . In the event of a Change in Control, the Restriction Period shall lapse and the Units shall be free of all restrictions and become fully vested and transferable to the full extent of the original grant. 
 
 	9. 	 Plan and Plan Interpretations as Controlling . The Units hereby awarded and the terms and conditions herein set forth are subject in all respects to the terms and conditions of the Plan, which are controlling. The Plan provides that the Committee may from time to time make changes therein, interpret it and establish regulations for the administration thereof. Employee, by acceptance of this Agreement, agrees to be bound by said Plan and such Committee actions. 
 
 10.	 Compliance with Law . Units may not be issued hereunder, or delivered or redelivered, whenever such issuance, delivery or redelivery would be contrary to law or the regulations of any governmental authority having jurisdiction. 
 
 11.	 Compliance with or exemption from Code Section 409A . Notwithstanding any other term of this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement is intended to satisfy or otherwise be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code Section 409A ). To the extent that any payment pursuant to this Agreement is or becomes subject to Section 409A it shall be paid in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A and no deferral or acceleration of payment 
 (RS) 6 

inconsistent with Section 409A shall be permitted. Any payment subject to Section 409A due to a separation from service shall be delayed for a six-month period if payable to a Key Employee (as defined below). Employee shall have no ability to designate the taxable year of payment. Payments made due to a Change in Control shall be made within 30 days of the Change in Control and Employee shall have no discretion to designate the taxable year of receipt. To the extent that any provision of this Agreement fails to satisfy the requirements of, or be exempt from Section 409A, the provision shall be automatically modified in a manner that, in the good faith opinion of the Corporation, brings the provision into compliance with Section 409A while preserving as closely as possible the original intent of this Agreement. Key Employee means an Executive considered a key employee for the 12-month period commencing on April 1 of the year following the 12-month period ending on December 31 of the preceding year during which the Executive met the requirements of Section 416 of the Code as applied under Section 409A. 
 
 	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Restricted Stock Units Agreement to be duly executed. 

Dated effective May 26, 2022	VIAD CORP 

By: 	 
 	Steve Moster 
 	Chief Executive Officer	 

ATTEST: 

This Restricted Stock Units Agreement shall be effective only upon execution by Employee and delivery to and receipt by the Corporation. 
 
 	ACCEPTED: 

Employee 
 (RS) 7 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 4
 vvi-ex10_b11.htm
 EX-10.B11

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.B11 
 2017 VIAD CORP OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AGREEMENT 
 For Short-Term Vesting Awards 
 (Effective as of February 23, 2021) 
 
 	Restricted Stock Units Units are hereby awarded by Viad Corp Company ), a Delaware corporation, effective [DATE], to [NAME] Employee in accordance with the following terms and conditions: 
 
 	1.	 Unit Award. The Corporation hereby awards the Employee [Number] Units pursuant to the 2017 Viad Corp Omnibus Incentive Plan (Plan), subject to the terms, conditions, and restrictions of such Plan and as hereinafter set forth. 
 
 	2.	 Restrictions on Transfer and Restriction Period. 
 
 		(a)	The Award and Units granted hereunder will commence vesting on [DATE], in accordance with the following vesting schedule: in three equal tranches on each of [DATES] (each, a Vesting Date ), subject to the terms of this Agreement. During this period (the Restriction Period ), the Units that remain unvested may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, or otherwise encumbered by the Employee, except as hereinafter provided. The Restriction Period shall lapse, and full ownership of Units will vest at the end of the Restriction Period, subject to forfeiture and repayment pursuant to paragraph 3. 
 
 		(b)	The Board of Directors Board shall have the authority, in its discretion, to accelerate the time at which any or all of the restrictions shall lapse with respect to any Units, prior to the expiration of the Restriction Period with respect thereto, or to remove any or all of such restrictions, whenever the Board may determine that such action is appropriate by reason of change in applicable tax or other law, or other change in circumstances. 
 
 	3.		 Forfeiture and Repayment Provisions. 
 
 		(a)	 Termination of Employment. Except as provided in paragraph 8 below, or as otherwise may be determined by the Board, if the Employee ceases to be an Employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates (as defined in the Plan) for any reason, all Units which at the time of such termination of employment are subject to the restrictions imposed by paragraph 2 above shall upon such termination of employment be forfeited and returned to the Company. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no vesting or ownership of Units shall occur following termination of employment for any reason unless Employee, upon request of the Company, shall execute a Separation Agreement and Release in connection with such termination of employment, such agreement to be in form and substance satisfactory to the Company in its absolute discretion. 
 
 (b)	 Misconduct . Unless a Change of Control shall have occurred after the date hereof: 

(i)	All payments (without regard to tax effects) received directly or indirectly by Employee with respect to the Units shall be paid by Employee to the Company, if the Company reasonably determines that during Employee's employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates: 
 
 (1) 	Employee knowingly or grossly negligently engaged in misconduct that causes a misstatement of the financial statements of Viad or any of its Affiliates or misconduct which represents a material violation of any code of ethics of the Company applicable to Employee or of the Always Honest compliance program or similar program of the Company; or 
 
 (2) 	Employee was aware of and failed to report, as required by any code of ethics of the Company applicable to Employee or by the Always Honest compliance program or similar program of the Company, misconduct that causes a misstatement of the financial statements of Viad or any of its Affiliates or misconduct which represents a material knowing violation of any code of ethics of the Company applicable to Employee or of the Always Honest compliance program or similar program of the Company. 
 
 (ii)	Employee consents to the deduction from any amounts the Company or any of its Affiliates owes to Employee to the extent of the amounts Employee owes the Company under this paragraph 3(b). 

(c)	The Company s reasonable determination required under paragraph 3(b)(i) above shall be made by the Human Resources Committee of the Company s Board of Directors, in the case of executive officers of the Company, and by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, in the case of all other officers and employees. 
 
 	4. 	 Employee's Rights. The Units will not have voting or other rights uniquely associated with common stock. 
 
 	5. 	 Expiration of Restriction Period. 
 
 (a) Upon the lapse or expiration of the Restriction Period with respect to any Units, the Company shall promptly pay Employee a number of shares of Viad common stock equal to the number of Units that vest on the applicable vesting date. 

(b) Subject to an applicable insider trading policy, Employee may satisfy any tax withholding requirement by electing to have the Company withhold shares of the Company s common stock having a Fair Market Value on the date the tax is to be determined equal to the tax withholding requirement. 

6. 	 Adjustments for Changes in Capitalization of Company. In the event of a change in the Company s common stock through stock dividends, stock splits, recapitalization or other changes in the corporate structure of the Company during the Restriction Period, the number of 

Units subject to restrictions as set forth herein shall be appropriately adjusted and the determination of the Board of Directors of the Company as to any such adjustments shall be final, conclusive and binding upon the Employee. Any Units or other securities received, as a result of the foregoing, by the Employee with respect to Units subject to the restrictions contained in paragraph 2 above also shall be subject to such restrictions. 
 
 	7. 	 Effect of Change in Control. In the event of a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan), the Restriction Period shall lapse, and the Units shall be free of all restrictions and become fully vested and transferable to the full extent of the original grant. 
 
 	8. 	 Plan and Plan Interpretations as Controlling. The Units hereby awarded and the terms and conditions herein set forth are subject in all respects to the terms and conditions of the Plan, which are controlling. The Plan provides that the Human Resources Committee of the Company s Board of Directors may from time to time make changes therein, interpret it and establish regulations for the administration thereof. The Employee, by acceptance of this Agreement, agrees to be bound by said Plan and such Committee actions. 
 
 9.	 Compliance with Law. Units may not be issued hereunder, or delivered or redelivered, whenever such issuance, delivery or redelivery would be contrary to law or the regulations of any governmental authority having jurisdiction. 
 
 10.	 Compliance with or exemption from Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other term of this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement is intended to satisfy or otherwise be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A. To the extent that any payment pursuant to this Agreement is or becomes subject to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code it shall be paid in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A and no deferral or acceleration of payment inconsistent with Section 409A shall be permitted. Any payment subject to Section 409A due to a separation from service shall be delayed for a six month period if payable to a Key Employee (as defined below). The Employee shall have no ability to designate the taxable year of payment. Payments made due to a Change in Control shall be made within 30 days of the Change in Control and the Employee shall have no discretion to designate the taxable year of receipt. To the extent that any provision of this Agreement fails to satisfy the requirements of, or be exempt from Section 409A, the provision shall be automatically modified in a manner that, in the good faith opinion of the Company, brings the provision into compliance with Section 409A while preserving as closely as possible the original intent of this Agreement. Key Employee means an Executive considered a key employee for the 12-month period commencing on April 1 of the year following the 12-month period ending on December 31 of the preceding year during which the Executive met the requirements of Internal Revenue Code Section 416 as applied under Section 409A. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Restricted Stock Units Agreement to be duly executed. 

Dated effective [DATE].	VIAD CORP 

By: 
 	Steven W. Moster 

This Restricted Stock Units Agreement shall be effective only upon execution by Employee and delivery to and receipt by the Company. 
 
 	ACCEPTED: 

Employee 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 5
 vvi-ex10_b9.htm
 EX-10.B9

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.B9 
 2017 VIAD CORP OMNIBUS INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN 
 
 STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE 
 Viad Corp, a Delaware corporation (the Company has granted to the participant listed below Participant the stock option (the Option described in this Stock Option Grant Notice (the Grant Notice ), subject to the terms and conditions of the 2017 Viad Corp Omnibus Incentive Award Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan and the Stock Option Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Agreement ), both of which are incorporated into this Grant Notice by reference. Capitalized terms not specifically defined in this Grant Notice or the Agreement have the meanings given to them in the Plan. 

Participant: 
 [NAME] 

Grant Date: 
 [DATE] 

Exercise Price per Share: 
 [PRICE] 

Shares Subject to the Option: 
 [SHARES] 

Final Expiration Date: 
 [DATE] 

Vesting Commencement Date: 
 [DATE] 

Vesting Schedule: 
 [ADJUST AS NEEDED] The Option shall vest and become exercisable (i) with respect to 50 of the Shares subject to the Option on the first anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date, and (ii) thereafter, with respect to the remaining 50 of the Shares subject to the Option on the second anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date, subject to the terms of the Agreement. 

Type of Option 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option 

By accepting (whether in writing, electronically or otherwise) the Option, Participant agrees to be bound by the terms of this Grant Notice, the Plan and the Agreement (including Exhibit B ). Participant has reviewed the Plan, this Grant Notice and the Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Grant Notice and fully understands all provisions of the Plan, this Grant Notice and the Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions arising under the Plan, this Grant Notice or the Agreement. 

VIAD CORP 
 PARTICIPANT 

By: 

Name: 
 
 [NAME] 

Title: 

| 

EXHIBIT A 
 STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
 Capitalized terms not specifically defined in this Agreement have the meanings specified in the Grant Notice or, if not defined in the Grant Notice, in the Plan. 
 ARTICLE I. GENERAL 

1.1 Grant of Option . The Company has granted to Participant the Option effective as of the grant date set forth in the Grant Notice (the Grant Date ). 

1.2 Incorporation of Terms of Plan . The Option is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. In the event of any inconsistency between the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan will control. 

1.3 Restrictive Covenants . The Option and the Shares issuable under this Option shall be subject to the provisions set forth on Exhibit B . 

1.4 Definitions . 

(a) Cause shall have the meaning as is set forth in the Executive Severance Plan. 

(b) Disability shall mean a permanent and total disability under Section 22(e)(3) of the Code. 

(c) Good Reason shall have the meaning as is set forth in the Executive Severance Plan. 

(d) Executive Severance Plan shall mean the Viad Corp Executive Severance Plan (Tier I), as amended from time to time. 

ARTICLE II. PERIOD OF EXERCISABILITY 

2.1 Commencement of Exercisability . 

(a) The Option will vest and become exercisable according to the vesting schedule in the Grant Notice (the Vesting Schedule except that any fraction of a Share as to which the Option would be vested or exercisable will be accumulated and will vest and become exercisable only when a whole Share has accumulated. 

(b) In addition, notwithstanding Sections 17.2 or 17.3 of the Plan, the then-outstanding portion of the Option shall fully vest and become exercisable on an accelerated basis upon Participant s termination of employment by the Company without Cause or by Participant for Good Reason and/or following a Change of Control. Any accelerated vesting and exercisability with respect to the Option in 

A- 1 

| 

connection with a termination of employment will be conditioned upon Participant s timely execution and non-revocation of a separation agreement and release in a form prescribed by the Company. 

(c) The Option will immediately expire and be forfeited as to any portion that is not vested and exercisable as of Participant s termination of employment for any reason (after taking into consideration any accelerated vesting and exercisability which may occur in connection with such termination of employment) except as otherwise determined by the Committee or provided in a binding written agreement between Participant and the Company. 

2.2 Duration of Exercisability . The Vesting Schedule is cumulative. Any portion of the Option which vests and becomes exercisable will remain vested and exercisable until the Option expires. The Option will be forfeited immediately upon its expiration. 

2.3 Expiration of Option . The Option may not be exercised, in part or in full, to any extent by anyone after, and will expire on, the first of the following to occur: 

(a) The final expiration date in the Grant Notice; 

(b) Except as the Committee may otherwise approve, the expiration of three months from the date of Participant s termination of employment for any reason other than for Cause or by reason of Participant s death or Disability; 

(c) Except as the Committee may otherwise approve, the expiration of one year from the date of Participant s termination of employment by reason of Participant s death or Disability; and 

(d) Except as the Committee may otherwise approve, Participant s termination of employment for Cause. 

ARTICLE III. EXERCISE OF OPTION 

3.1 Person Eligible to Exercise . During Participant s lifetime, only Participant may exercise the Option. After Participant s death, any exercisable portion of the Option may, prior to the time the Option expires, be exercised by Participant s designated beneficiary as permitted under the Plan. 

3.2 Partial Exercise . Any exercisable portion of the Option or the entire Option, if then wholly exercisable, may be exercised, in whole or in part, according to the procedures in the Plan at any time prior to the time the Option or portion thereof expires, except that the Option may only be exercised for whole Shares. 

3.3 Tax Withholding; Exercise Price . 

(a) Unless the Administrator otherwise determines, the Company shall withhold, or cause to be withheld, Shares otherwise vesting or issuable under this Option in satisfaction of any exercise price and/or applicable withholding tax obligations. With respect to tax withholding obligations, the number of Shares which may be so withheld or surrendered shall be limited to the number of Shares which have a fair market value on the date of withholding no greater than the aggregate amount of such liabilities based on the minimum individual statutory withholding rates in Participant s applicable jurisdictions for federal, state, local and foreign income tax and payroll tax purposes that are applicable to such taxable income. 

A- 2 

| 

(b) Participant acknowledges that Participant is ultimately liable and responsible for all taxes owed in connection with the Option, regardless of any action the Company or any Subsidiary takes with respect to any tax withholding obligations that arise in connection with the Option. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary makes any representation or undertaking regarding the treatment of any tax withholding in connection with the awarding, vesting or exercise of the Option or the subsequent sale of Shares. The Company and the Subsidiaries do not commit and are under no obligation to structure the Option to reduce or eliminate Participant s tax liability. 

ARTICLE IV. OTHER PROVISIONS 

4.1 Adjustments . Participant acknowledges that the Option is subject to adjustment, modification and termination in certain events as provided in this Agreement and the Plan. Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, the Option shall be subject to Sections 4.5 or 18.3 of the Plan. 

4.2 Notices . Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to the Company must be in writing and addressed to the Company in care of the Company s Secretary at the Company s principal office or the Secretary s then-current email address or facsimile number. Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to Participant must be in writing and addressed to Participant (or, if Participant is then deceased, to the designated beneficiary) at Participant s last known mailing address, email address or facsimile number in the Company s personnel files. By a notice given pursuant to this Section, either party may designate a different address for notices to be given to that party. Any notice will be deemed duly given when actually received, when sent by email, when sent by certified mail (return receipt requested) and deposited with postage prepaid in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States Postal Service, when delivered by a nationally recognized express shipping company or upon receipt of a facsimile transmission confirmation. 

4.3 Titles . Titles are provided herein for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Agreement. 

4.4 Conformity to Securities Laws . Participant acknowledges that the Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement are intended to conform to the extent necessary with all applicable laws and, to the extent applicable laws permit, will be deemed amended as necessary to conform to applicable laws. 

4.5 Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Agreement will inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Agreement or the Plan, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. 

4.6 Limitations Applicable to Section 16 Persons . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, if Participant is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, the Plan, the Grant Notice, this Agreement and the Option will be subject to any additional limitations set forth in any applicable exemptive rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including any amendment to Rule 16b 3) that are requirements for the application of such exemptive rule. To the extent applicable laws permit, this Agreement will be deemed amended as necessary to conform to such applicable exemptive rule. 

4.7 Entire Agreement . The Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement (including any exhibit hereto) constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

A- 3 

| 

4.8 Agreement Severable . In the event that any provision of the Grant Notice or this Agreement is held illegal or invalid, the provision will be severable from, and the illegality or invalidity of the provision will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of the Grant Notice or this Agreement. 

4.9 Limitation on Participant s Rights . Participation in the Plan confers no rights or interests other than as herein provided. This Agreement creates only a contractual obligation on the part of the Company as to amounts payable and may not be construed as creating a trust. Neither the Plan nor any underlying program, in and of itself, has any assets. Participant will have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to amounts credited and benefits payable, if any, with respect to the Option, and rights no greater than the right to receive the Shares as a general unsecured creditor with respect to the Option, as and when exercised pursuant to the terms hereof. 

4.10 Not a Contract of Employment . Nothing in the Plan, the Grant Notice or this Agreement confers upon Participant any right to continue in the employ or service of the Company or any Subsidiary or interferes with or restricts in any way the rights of the Company and its Subsidiaries, which rights are hereby expressly reserved, to discharge or terminate the services of Participant at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without Cause, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in a written agreement between the Company or a Subsidiary and Participant. 

4.11 Counterparts . The Grant Notice may be executed in one or more counterparts, including by way of any electronic signature, subject to applicable law, each of which will be deemed an original and all of which together will constitute one instrument. 

A- 4 

| 

B- 0 
 || 

EXHIBIT B 
 RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS 
 
 (1) Restrictive Covenants . Unless a Change of Control shall have occurred after the date hereof, in order to better protect the goodwill of the Company and its Affiliates and to prevent the disclosure of the Company s or its Affiliates trade secrets and confidential information and thereby help insure the long-term success of the business, Participant, without prior written consent of the Company, will not engage in certain conduct as outlined in this paragraph 1: 

(a) 	 Non-Competition . During Participant s employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates, and for a period of twelve (12) months following termination of Participant s employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates, Participant will not engage in any activity or provide any services, whether as a director, manager, supervisor, employee, adviser, agent, consultant, owner of more than five (5) percent of any enterprise or otherwise, in connection with the manufacture, development, advertising, promotion, design, or sale of any service or product which is the same as or similar to or competitive with any services or products of the Company or its Affiliates (including both existing services or products as well as services or products known to the Participant, as a consequence of Participant s employment with the Company or one of its Affiliates, to be in development): 
 
 (i)	with respect to which Participant s work has been directly concerned at any time during the two (2) years preceding termination of employment with the Company or one of its Affiliates, or 
 
 (ii)	with respect to which during that period of time Participant, as a consequence of Participant s job performance and duties, acquired knowledge of trade secrets or other confidential information of the Company or its Affiliates. For purposes of the provisions of paragraph 1(a), it shall be conclusively presumed that Participant has knowledge of information he was directly exposed to through actual receipt or review of memos or documents containing such information, or through actual attendance at meetings at which such information was discussed or disclosed. 
 
 (b) 	 Non-Solicitation of Customers . During Participant s employment with the Company or any of its affiliates, and for a period of twelve (12) months following termination of Participant s employment with the Company, Participant will not on behalf of any Competitor, solicit business from any Client of the Company that Participant serviced during Participant s employment with the Company (the Restricted Clients ). Client means any individual, person, business or entity that has consumed, obtained, retained and/or purchased any services or products offered or sold by the Company or any of its Affiliates during Participant s employment, and any individual, person, business or entity or that has been solicited by Participant to consume, obtain, retain or purchase the services or products offered or sold by the Company or any of its affiliates. Competitor means any person or organization engaged (or about to become engaged) in research, development, marketing, selling, or servicing with respect to any product or service which is the same as, similar to, or competes with any product, process or service of the Company or its Affiliates (including both existing services or products as well as services or products known to the Participant, as a consequence of Participant s employment with the Company or one of its Affiliates, to be in development). 
 
 (c)	 Non-Solicitation of Employees . During Participant s employment with the Company and for twelve (12) months immediately following termination of such employment for any reason, Participant will not, on behalf of himself or herself, or on behalf of any other person, firm, corporation, or entity, directly or indirectly (a) solicit for employment, or otherwise seek to employ, retain, 
 B- 1 
 || 

divert or take away any of the agents, representatives or employees of the Company with whom Participant had contact or about whom Participant had access to information in the course of Participant s employment with the Company, (b) or in any other way assist or facilitate any such employment, solicitation or retention effort. 
 
 (d) 	 Remedies . Participant understands and agrees that the Company s remedy for violation of the restrictions contained in paragraphs 1(a), 1(b) and/or 1(c) above is not limited to a requirement that Participant repay any awards granted to Participant under the Plan. Rather, in the event Participant breaches the terms of the restrictive covenants contained in paragraphs 1(a), 1(b) and/or 1(c) above, the Company will be entitled to seek and obtain any or all of the following remedies against Participant: 
 
 (i)	 Injunctive Relief . In the event that Participant breaches, or the Company reasonably believes that Participant is about to breach, any of the covenants of paragraphs 1(a), 1(b) and/or 1(c) above, Participant recognizes that the Company will suffer immediate and irreparable harm and that money damages alone will not be adequate to compensate the Company or its Affiliates. Accordingly, Participant agrees that the Company will be entitled to temporary, preliminary and/or permanent injunctive relief enforcing the terms of paragraphs 1(a), 1(b) and/or 1(c) above. 
 
 (ii) 	 Damages . In the event that Participant breaches any of the covenants of paragraphs 1(a), 1(b) and/or 1(c) above, Participant agrees that the Company will be entitled to compensatory damages in an amount necessary to compensate the Company for any harm that is not adequately redressed or prevented by injunctive relief. 
 
 (iii) 	 Forfeiture and Repayment . In the event Participant breaches any of the covenants of paragraphs 1(a), 1(b) and/or 1(c) above, Participant agrees and understands that the Company may require Participant to repay certain awards that have been granted under the Plan, as is more fully set forth in paragraph 2 below. 
 
 (2) Forfeiture and Repayment Provisions . 

(a)	 Violations of Paragraph 1(a), 1(b) and/or 1(c) . 
 (i)	In addition to any other remedy at law or in equity, the Option, to the extent outstanding, shall be forfeited and returned to the Company, if Participant engages in any conduct agreed to be avoided pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 1(a), 2(b) and/or 3(c) at any time within twelve (12) months following the date of Participant s termination of employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates. 
 (b)	 Misconduct . Unless a Change of Control shall have occurred after the date hereof: 
 
 (i)	All payments (without regard to tax effects) received directly or indirectly by Participant with respect to the Option shall be paid by Participant to the Company, if the Company reasonably determines that during Participant s employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates: 
 
 (1) 	Participant knowingly or grossly negligently engaged in misconduct that causes a misstatement of the financial statements of Viad or any of its Affiliates or misconduct which represents a material violation of any code of ethics of the Company applicable to Participant or of the Always Honest compliance program or similar program of the Company; or 
 
 B- 2 
 || 

(2) 	Participant was aware of and failed to report, as required by any code of ethics of the Company applicable to Participant or by the Always Honest compliance program or similar program of the Company, misconduct that causes a misstatement of the financial statements of Viad or any of its Affiliates or misconduct which represents a material knowing violation of any code of ethics of the Company applicable to Participant or of the Always Honest compliance program or similar program of the Company. 
 
 (ii)	Participant consents to the deduction from any amounts the Company or any of its Affiliates owes to Participant to the extent of the amounts Participant owes the Company under this paragraph 2(b). 
 
 (c)	 Acts Contrary to Company . Unless a Change of Control shall have occurred after the date hereof, if the Company reasonably determines that at any point at which the Option remains outstanding, Participant has acted significantly contrary to the best interests of the Company, including, but not limited to, any direct or indirect intentional disparagement of the Company, then all payments (without regard to tax effects) received directly or indirectly by Participant with respect to the Option prior to the Company's determination shall be paid by Participant to the Company. Participant consents to the deduction from any amounts the Company or any of its Affiliates owes to Participant to the extent of the amounts Participant owes the Company under this paragraph 2(c). 
 
 		(d)	The Company s reasonable determination required under paragraphs 2(b)(i) and 2(c) above shall be made by the Committee, in the case of executive officers of the Company, and by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, in the case of all other officers and employees. 

B- 3 
 || 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 6
 vvi-ex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

Exhibit 21 
 Viad Corp 
 Foreign and Domestic Subsidiaries 

Company Name 
 Jurisdiction 

2121885 Alberta Ltd. 
 Canada 

2187587 Alberta Ltd. 
 Canada 

2195137 Alberta Ltd. 
 Canada 

Alaskan Park Properties, Inc. 
 Arizona 

Banff Hospitality Residence Ltd. 
 Canada 

Banff-Jasper Collection Holding Corp. 
 Canada 

Banff Ribs Partnership 
 Canada 

Blitz Communications Group Limited 
 United Kingdom 

Blitz Communications Limited 
 United Kingdom 

Brewster Inc. 
 Canada 

Brewster Travel Canada Inc. 
 Canada 

CATC Alaska Tourism Corporation 
 Alaska 

Esja Attractions ehf. 
 Iceland 

ESR Exposition Service, Inc. 
 New Jersey 

Expo Accessories, Inc. 
 New York 

Expo Display Design, Inc. 
 New Jersey 

Exposervice Polska Spzoo 
 Poland 

FlyOver Attractions, Inc. 
 Delaware 

FlyOver Canada, Inc. 
 Canada 

Flyover Iceland ehf. 
 Iceland 

FlyOver Las Vegas LLC 
 Delaware 

FlyOver Vancouver, Inc 
 Canada 

G E S Global Experience Specialists Carpentry L.L.C. 
 United Arab Emirates 

GES Canada Limited 
 Canada 

GES Event Intelligence AG 
 Switzerland 

GES Event Intelligence B.V. 
 Netherlands 

GES Event Intelligence Ltd. 
 United Kingdom 

GES Event Intelligence Services Limited 
 United Kingdom 

GES Event Intelligence Services, Inc. 
 Delaware 

GES Global Experience Specialists Events L.L.C. 
 United Arab Emirates 

GES Global Experience Specialists Freight Broker L.L.C. 
 United Arab Emirates 

GES GmbH Co. KG 
 Germany 

GES Service Companies Limited 
 United Kingdom 

GES Verwaltungs GmbH 
 Germany 

Glacier Park, Inc. 
 Arizona 

Glacier Raft Company 
 Montana 

Global Experience Specialists (GES) Asia Limited 
 Hong Kong 

Global Experience Specialists (GES) Exhibition Services L.L.C. 
 United Arab Emirates 

Global Experience Specialists (GES) Holdings Ltd. 
 United Kingdom 

Global Experience Specialists (GES) Limited 
 United Kingdom 

Global Experience Specialists, Inc. 
 Nevada 

Golden Skybridge Suspension Bridges Park Ltd. 
 Canada 

Melville Logistics GmbH 
 Germany 

N200 Holding B.V. 
 Netherlands 

ON Services - AV Specialists, Inc. 
 Delaware 

onPeak LLC 
 Delaware 

GES Event Intelligence S.R.L. 
 Romania 

Pursuit Collection, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Pursuit Iceland ehf 
 Iceland 

Pursuit Investment Holdings, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Saudi Global Experience Specialists for Preparing and Organizing Exhibitions 
 United Arab Emirates 

Sawridge MPL Jasper LP 
 Canada 

Sky Lagoon Ehf 
 Canada 

Telecast Communications (Audio Visual) Limited 
 United Kingdom 

Tradeshow Convention Services Inc. 
 Washington 

Travel and Event Services, LLC 
 Delaware 

Viad Holding GmbH 
 Germany 

Viad Service Companies Limited 
 United Kingdom 

VREC, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Waterton Transport Company, Limited 
 Canada 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 7
 vvi-ex23.htm
 EX-23

EX-23 

Exhibit 23 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-218682 and 333-265225 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 28, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Viad Corp and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of Viad Corp and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Viad Corp for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 

Tempe, Arizona 

February 28, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 8
 vvi-ex24.htm
 EX-24

EX-24 

Exhibit 24 
 Power of Attorney 
 KNOW ALL BY THESE PRESENTS, that each director whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Steven W. Moster and Ellen M. Ingersoll, and each of them severally, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Form 10-K Annual Report of Viad Corp for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or their or her substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Power of Attorney has been signed on this 22nd day of February 2023, by the following persons: 

/s/ Beverly K. Carmichael 
 
 /s/ Virginia L. Henkels 

Beverly K. Carmichael 
 
 Virginia L. Henkels 

Director of Viad Corp 
 
 Director of Viad Corp 

/s/ Brian P. Cassidy 
 
 /s/ Patrick T. LaValley 

Brian P. Cassidy 
 
 Patrick T. LaValley 

Director of Viad Corp 
 
 Director of Viad Corp 

/s/ Denise M. Coll 
 
 /s/ Edward E. Mace 

Denise M. Coll 
 
 Edward E. Mace 

Director of Viad Corp 
 
 Director of Viad Corp 

/s/ Richard H. Dozer 
 
 /s/ Joshua E. Schechter 

Richard H. Dozer 
 
 Joshua E. Schechter 

Director of Viad Corp 
 
 Director of Viad Corp 

</EX-24>

<EX-31>
 9
 vvi-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Steven W. Moster, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Viad Corp; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 By: /s/ Steven W. Moster 

Steven W. Moster 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 10
 vvi-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Ellen M. Ingersoll, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Viad Corp; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 By: /s/ Ellen M. Ingersoll 

Ellen M. Ingersoll 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 11
 vvi-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certifications of 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant To Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Steven W. Moster, Chief Executive Officer of Viad Corp, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that Viad Corp s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in Viad Corp s Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, Viad Corp s financial condition and results of operations. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 By: /s/ Steven W. Moster 

Steven W. Moster 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

I, Ellen M. Ingersoll, Chief Financial Officer of Viad Corp, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that Viad Corp s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in Viad Corp s Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, Viad Corp s financial condition and results of operations. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 By: /s/ Ellen M. Ingersoll 

Ellen M. Ingersoll 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.LAB>
 25
 vvi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 26
 vvi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 27
 vvi-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 28
 vvi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 29
 vvi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

