<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230313_10-K_edgar_data_1841408_0000950170-23-007591.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20065758</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>393014</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2239658</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9127618</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3280308</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4582544</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-007591.hdr.sgml : 20230313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230313163315
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-007591
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		115
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Dave Inc./DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001841408
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40161
		FILM NUMBER:		23727758

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1265 SOUTH COCHRAN AVENUE
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8448573283

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1265 SOUTH COCHRAN AVENUE
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VPC Impact Acquisition Holdings III, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210120

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-007591.txt : 20230313

10-K
 1
 dave-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 
 (Mark One) 
 	 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 
 OR 
 	 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to _______ 
 Commission file number: 
 
 DAVE INC. 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 
 (Address and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15 of the Act. YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period than the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES NO 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of voting ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million, determined using the per share closing price of 22.02 on The Nasdaq Global Market on June 30, 2022, as adjusted for the 32-for-1 reverse stock split of Dave Inc. s common stock effected on January 5, 2023. Ordinary shares held by each director and executive officer (and their respective affiliates) and each person who owns 10 percent or more of the outstanding ordinary shares or who is otherwise believed by the registrant to be in a control position have been excluded. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 As of March 1 , 2023, there were shares of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value and shares of Class V common stock, 0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Auditor Firm ID: 
 Auditor Name: 
 Auditor Location: 

DAVE INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 1 

Basis of Presentation 
 
 3 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 
 Business 

4 

ITEM 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

18 

ITEM 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

44 

ITEM 2. 
 
 Properties 

44 

ITEM 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

44 

ITEM 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

44 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

45 

ITEM 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 

45 

ITEM 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

46 

ITEM 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

62 

ITEM 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

63 

ITEM 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

109 

ITEM 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

110 

ITEM 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

111 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

112 

ITEM 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

112 

ITEM 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

112 

ITEM 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

112 

ITEM 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

112 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

113 

ITEM 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 

116 

Signatures 

117 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this report or this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements contained in this report other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our future results of operations, financial position, market size and opportunity, our business strategy and plans, the factors affecting our performance and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words believe, may, will, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, could, should, would, can, expect, project, outlook, forecast, objective, plan, potential, seek, grow, target, if and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in the section titled Risk Factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A of this report and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this report may not occur, and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements contained in this report involve a number of judgments, risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, risks related to: 
 the ability of Dave to compete in its highly competitive industry; 

the ability of Dave to keep pace with the rapid technological developments in its industry and the larger financial services industry; 

the ability of Dave to manage its growth as a public company; 

the ability of Dave to protect intellectual property and trade secrets; 

changes in applicable laws or regulations and extensive and evolving government regulations that impact operations and business; 

the ability to attract or maintain a qualified workforce; 

level of product service failures that could lead Dave members Members to use competitors services; 

investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions, litigation and/or other regulatory or legal proceedings; 

the ability to maintain the listing of Dave Class A Common Stock on The Nasdaq Stock Market; 

the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on Dave s business; 

the possibility that Dave may be adversely affected by other economic factors, including rising interest rates, and business, and/or competitive factors; and 

other risks and uncertainties described under Item 1A., Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We caution you that the foregoing list of judgments, risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements may not be complete. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by law, we do not intend to update any of these forward-looking statements after the date of this report or to conform these statements to actual results or revised expectations. 
 1 
 
 You should read this report with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and events and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect. 
 This report contains estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry, our business and the markets for our products. We obtained the industry, market and similar data set forth in this report from our own internal estimates and research and from industry research, publications, surveys and studies conducted by third parties, including governmental agencies. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties, and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances that are assumed in this information. While we believe that the data we use from third parties are reliable, we have not separately verified these data. You are cautioned not to give undue weight to any such information, projections and estimates. 
 As a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including without limitation, the important factors described in Part I. Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our actual results or performance may be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 
 As used in this report, the Company, Dave, we, us, our and similar terms refer to Dave Inc. (f/k/a VPC Impact Acquisition Holdings III, Inc.) and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise requires. 
 2 
 
 BASIS OF PRESEN TATION 
 On January 5, 2022, we consummated the transactions contemplated by that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 7, 2021 (the Merger Agreement ), by and among VPC Impact Acquisition Holdings III, Inc. VPCC ), Dave Inc., a Delaware corporation Legacy Dave ), Bear Merger Company I Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of VPCC First Merger Sub ), and Bear Merger Company II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of VPCC Second Merger Sub and together with the First Merger Sub, the Merger Subs ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, First Merger Sub merged with and into Legacy Dave (the First Merger ), with Legacy Dave being the surviving corporation of the First Merger (the Surviving Corporation ), and immediately following the First Merger, the Surviving Corporation merged with and into Second Merger Sub (the Second Merger, together with the First Merger, the Mergers and the Mergers together with the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Business Combination ), with Second Merger Sub being the surviving company of the Second Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of VPCC. In connection with the closing of the Business Combination, we changed our name from VPC Impact Acquisition Holdings III, Inc. to Dave Inc., and the Surviving Entity operates under the name Dave Operating LLC. 
 The Company s Class A Common Stock is now listed on The Nasdaq Global Market Nasdaq under the symbol DAVE, and warrants to purchase the Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of 368 per share are listed on Nasdaq under the symbol DAVEW. Prior to the Business Combination, VPCC neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue. Until the Business Combination, based on VPCC s business activities, VPCC was a shell company as defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise requires: 
 references to the Company, Dave, we, us, our and similar terms refer to Dave Inc. (f/k/a VPC Impact Acquisition Holdings III, Inc.) and its consolidated subsidiaries; 

references to VPCC are to VPC Impact Acquisition Holdings III, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the close of the Business Combination; and 

references to Sponsor are to VPC Impact Acquisition Holdings Sponsor III, LLC. 

3 
 
 PAR T I 
 ITEM 1. BUSI NESS 
 Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise requires, the disclosures in this Item 1 refer to Dave Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries following the consummation of the Business Combination . 
 Overview 
 In the story of David vs. Goliath, the small underdog is able to outsmart and defeat his larger adversary. This is the spirit behind the name Dave. We have built an integrated and fully digital financial services platform that provides millions of Americans with seamless access to a variety of intuitive financial products at a fraction of the cost and with much greater transparency and higher speed to value than that of the legacy financial services incumbents, such as traditional banks, credit unions, and independent finance companies. Our mission is to build products that level the financial playing field. Our strategy is focused on delivering a superior banking experience for anyone living paycheck to paycheck. 
 Based on our observation and analysis of Member data, legacy financial institutions charge high fees for consumer banking and other financial services products, which disproportionately burdens tens of millions of Americans who can least afford them. We witness this dynamic playing out with our Members who we believe are on average paying between 300- 400 per year in overdraft fees, maintenance and other fees to their existing bank for basic checking services. 
 Further, we see a significant opportunity to address the broader short-term credit market. According to a report by The Financial Health Network FHN ), legacy financial institutions charge approximately 30 billion in fees annually. The FHN estimates that financially coping and vulnerable populations pay over 120 billion a year in fees and interest for access to short-term credit. 
 
 Our prospective Member opportunity is also significant. The FHN estimates that approximately 176 million Americans are financially vulnerable or financially coping based on financial health scores which reflect spending patterns relative to income, the sufficiency of liquid savings, and the manageability of debt obligations; this figure grew 6 or by 9 million Americans in 2022 as fiscal stimulus impacts waned and as inflationary and interest rate pressures mounted. The FHN study implies that approximately 70 of Americans fall into these low or volatile income and credit-challenged categories, which is up from 66 in 2021, which is the first notable increase in the five years of this FHN study. Similarly, the December 2022 Paycheck to Paycheck Report published by PYMNTS found that, in November 2022, 63 , or approximately 160 million, of all U.S. consumers were living paycheck to paycheck, up from 58 merely six months earlier. Given these dynamics, we estimate that our total addressable market consists of between 160 million to 180 million Americans who are in need of financial stability and are either not served or underserved by legacy financial institutions. 
 Dave offers a suite of innovative financial products aimed at helping our Members improve their financial health. To help Members avoid punitive overdraft fees and access short-term liquidity, Dave offers cash advances through its flagship 0 interest ExtraCash product. Through Dave Banking, we provide a digital checking account experience, seamlessly integrated with ExtraCash advances, with no hidden fees. With a Dave Banking account, Members have access to valuable tools for building long-term financial health, such as Goals savings accounts and customizable automatic round-up savings on debit spend transactions. We also help Members generate extra income for spending or emergencies through our Side Hustle product, where we present Members with supplemental work opportunities, and through our recently launched Surveys product, where Members can earn supplemental income by taking surveys. Our budgeting tool helps Members manage their upcoming bills to avoid overspending. 
 Market research conducted by Dave found that legacy financial institutions commonly require a more extensive banking relationship and days or even weeks of wait times to access their features and services, which can potentially be more onerous in order to obtain premium features (e.g., access to higher interest rates requires direct deposit or higher minimum daily balances). Even new challenger banks often take multiple days or even weeks before allowing members to access certain premium features, according to the same research. In contrast, Dave's Members are able to utilize all of Dave s products individually and instantly, whether or not their primary banking relationship is with us. As an example, our ExtraCash product allows Members to access up to 500 to cover an overdraft at their existing bank or everyday expenses such as rent, gas or groceries. We are able to do this by 
 4 
 
 leveraging our proprietary machine learning engine that analyzes a Member s prior transaction history at their existing bank. This flexible approach to Member choice and speed to value has been a key driver of our highly efficient customer acquisition costs, Member engagement and growth as well as best-in-class brand favorability. Dave leads its peers in Apple s app-store ratings, with a 4.8 average rating from over 625,000 reviews. 
 We have only begun to address the many inequities in financial services, but our progress to date demonstrates the demand for Dave to rewire the financial system for the everyday person. Since inception and through the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, over 10 million Members have registered on the Dave app and over eight million of them have used at least one of our current products and we believe that we have a substantial opportunity to continue growing our Member base going forward. We strongly believe that the value proposition of our platform approach will continue to accelerate as a result of our data-driven perspective of our Members, allowing us to introduce products and services that address their changing life circumstances. 
 Recent Developments 
 On January 4, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company approved an amendment to the Company s certificate of incorporation to complete a 1-for-32 reverse stock split effective January 5, 2023. The primary goal of the reverse stock split is to bring the Company s stock price above the share bid price requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq. Unless otherwise indicated, the effects of the reverse stock split have been reflected in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the consolidated financial statements and the footnotes in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our Strategy 
 Americans have been underserved by existing financial products for decades. We take a unique approach to serving our large addressable market with the following strategy: 
 Offering a suite of products that help solve critical Member pain points, driving low acquisition costs. 

Creating frictionless access to a suite of financial products. 

Leveraging data and proprietary artificial intelligence-based underwriting technology to offer ExtraCash at affordable prices and with leading expediency. 

Focusing on community building with our Member base. 

Generating a flywheel by cross-selling existing Members to new, complementary products at no additional Member acquisition costs, resulting in lower consumer pricing. 

Offering products to solve critical Member pain points : One in five Americans are either unbanked (no checking account) or underbanked (access to a checking account, but pays significant fees and/or has limited access to credit). Household financial insecurity is even more pervasive. Today, more than 176 million Americans are either financially vulnerable or financially coping, with over 30 unable to afford a one-time 400 emergency expense, according to the Federal Reserve's report on the Economic Well-Being of U.S. Households, and 63 are living paycheck-to-paycheck, according to results from the December 2022 Paycheck to Paycheck Report published by PYMNTS. 
 Retail banks large-scale depository institutions, regional banks, credit unions and other traditional financial institutions are largely set up to serve Americans who are financially stable. For these Americans, existing financial services offerings largely address their needs; they offer mortgages, savings accounts, credit cards, wealth management and more. In contrast, low-income or low-balance consumers are discouraged or disqualified from traditional financial services offerings as a result of their onerous overdraft fees, minimum account balance fees, minimum credit score requirements and other stringent requirements. Historically, Members have incurred an average of 300-400 per year in fees from their legacy banks. 
 5 
 
 At Dave, we have built an all-in-one mobile platform that offers the following financial products to directly address the financial instability that these Americans face: 
 ExtraCash: Many Americans are often unable to maintain a positive balance between paychecks, driving a reliance on overdraft products, payday loans, auto title loans and other forms of expensive credit to put food on the table, gas in their car or pay for unexpected emergencies. For example, traditional banks charge up to 34 for access to as little as 5 of overdraft, whereas many others in the financial services sector do not allow for overdraft at all. Dave invented a short-term liquidity alternative called ExtraCash, which allows Members to receive a cash advance of up to 500 with an option to advance funds to their bank account via the automated clearing house (ACH) network (which typically takes two to five business days) and avoid fees altogether. Members also have the option to advance funds to their bank account via the debit card network (which typically takes minutes or hours) for an express service fee. 
 Dave Banking: Dave offers a full-service digital checking account through our partnership with Evolve Bank and Trust Evolve ), an Arkansas state-chartered bank owned by Evolve Bancorp Inc. Dave Banking accounts do not have overdraft or minimum balance fees, allow for early paycheck payment, offer a Dave debit card to facilitate everyday spending including cashback reward offers, and provide Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance on checking account balances up to 250,000. Moreover, Dave Banking Members receive features to support their financial health such as Goals savings accounts and opt-in round-up savings on debit transactions in addition to receiving lower ExtraCash instant transfer fees. 
 Budget : As spending and earning dynamics have become more complex over time, Dave offers a personal financial management tool to support Members with budgeting, wherever someone banks. With Budget, Dave helps Members to manage their income and expenses between paychecks and avoid liquidity jams that may cause them to overdraft. Dave tracks Members income and expenses, and we let them know about estimated upcoming bills and other expenses. Budget will monitor their linked bank account held at a depository institution, including a Dave Banking account, and will let them know when they're in danger of having insufficient funds in their account. This helps Members avoid overdrafts, returned transactions and bank fees. 
 Side Hustle and Surveys: Dave seeks to help Members improve their financial health by offering them opportunities to generate supplemental income through two channels: Side Hustle and Surveys. Side Hustle Members can quickly submit applications to leading employers, including DoorDash, Airbnb, Lyft, Rover and more that can lead to increased income with flexible employment. Our Surveys product allows for additional earning opportunities, allowing Members to take paid surveys anytime within the Dave mobile application. These channels drive engagement within the Dave ecosystem and deepen our relationship to our Members financial wellbeing. 
 Creating frictionless access to high-impact products: In order to access the financial tools many retail banks offer, consumers are often first required to establish a checking account with that bank. Banks may also require a direct deposit relationship to discourage switching banks. Most financial technology companies in the consumer banking space have largely retained this model, requiring a primary banking relationship in order to access their tools around financial health. 
 At Dave, we believe this approach is exclusionary and discourages participation in the banking system for tens of millions of Americans who need it most. As part of our philosophy of solving critical financial pain points for consumers, we deliberately offer each of our products on a standalone basis, meeting Members where they are and allowing them to engage with Dave on their own terms. We believe that high-impact products that are easy to access and easy to use will engender Member loyalty and engagement across multiple products and expand the lifetime value of these Member relationships. 
 Leveraging data to offer high impact products quickly and at advantageous pricing: We offer our high impact ExtraCash and Budget products to Members within a matter of minutes of installing the Dave mobile application. When a Member connects their existing bank account to Dave, we analyze several months of historical spending and income data using our proprietary machine-learning and income-detection algorithms. To date, we have analyzed tens of billions Member transactions. This allows us to offer immediate budgeting insights such as an upcoming utility bill and rapidly approve Members for up to 500 of ExtraCash which can be accessed within hours. While 
 6 
 
 early wage access and cash advance products have become increasingly common across banking innovators, these products typically depend on multiple direct deposits into a bank account often requiring multiple weeks and pay cycles. At Dave, a Member can receive much-needed cash in a matter of minutes and, while Members receive a new bank account in conjunction with signing up for Dave, it is an additional benefit to Members and not a requirement to obtain ExtraCash. 
 This wealth of data, combined with our machine-learning capabilities and underwriting excellence, is competitive advantages that will increase with Member scale. We expect to continue to develop these technologies and use them for product expansion in the future. 
 Focusing on community building with our Members: We take our mission to build products that level the financial playing field seriously. That is why we have developed financial products that address the needs of more than 160 million Americans. 
 To date, we have helped our Members avoid nearly 2 billion in overdraft fees from their legacy bank relationships through our ExtraCash product. Through our charity program, we have delivered 80 million meals and pledged over 8 million to Feeding America and other causes. Dave has been named a Best Place to Work by Built In for three consecutive years, most recently being recognized as one of the best remote workplaces in the U.S. 
 Generating a virtual flywheel : Our aim is to create the most trusted, integrated financial services platform that will generate a cycle whereby positive Member experiences will lead to more products adopted per Member and enhanced profitability for each additional product at no additional acquisition cost. We refer to this cycle as our Dave Flywheel. Over ten million Americans have downloaded and registered accounts on the Dave app, and more than six million Americans have connected their existing bank accounts to Dave. 
 Our Member acquisition efficiency is a testament to Dave s product-market fit and trusted brand. Our unique ability to offer an immediate short-term solution to near-term financial instability, without direct deposit or bank account relationship length requirements, has proven highly compelling to a broad range of Members. Further, our digitally-native interface and the community impact of our products creates a compelling Member experience that paves the way to offer additional products within our ecosystem. 
 Our Product Platform 
 Our intuitive and Member-friendly app provides a fast, seamless experience across all of our products. We are committed to delivering a delightful Member experience; we continuously listen to our Members feedback and implement improvements on a rapid release cycle. As of December 31, 2022, we had received nearly 625,000 ratings on the Apple app store, with a 4.8 rating. 
 Dave s current product platform includes: 
 ExtraCash Advance Product 
 ExtraCash is our 0 APR cash advance product that gives Members access to much-needed liquidity to avoid overdraft fees or bridge themselves to their next paycheck. No credit check is required and eligibility for ExtraCash is based on the verification of the Member s checking account and the Member s identity. Beginning in the summer of 2022, all new Members receive a Dave Banking account to which they can receive their ExtraCash advance; alternatively, Members can disburse their advance to a checking account with another financial institution. Once a Member connects his or her bank account to the Dave app, data regarding the Member s account is gathered and analyzed. The amount of the advance available to a Member is a function of a proprietary machine-learning algorithm that analyzes historical spending, savings and earnings patterns based on data gathered from the Member s bank account, among other data points. This process is fully automated unless there are any issues flagged via our Member identification processes. Timing of the repayment of the ExtraCash advance is determined when the ExtraCash advance is made and is based on the estimated date that the Member will receive his or her next paycheck, which typically ranges from seven to 10 days from when they apply for an ExtraCash advance. A Member is limited to one ExtraCash advance per pay period and may only have one ExtraCash advance outstanding 
 7 
 
 at any given time. The maximum term for an ExtraCash advance is 31 days. Dave develops and manages the entire risk management and decisioning process associated with issuing and servicing ExtraCash advances. Since the payback date is an estimate of the Member s next paycheck date, we primarily monitor and manage delinquency and loss performance based on repayment experience following the estimated repayment date. Specifically, we assess dollars repaid relative to dollars owed over this period. The table below summarizes delinquency repayment performance over the historical period where the 28-day delinquency rate for a particular month represents the total delinquent principal disbursed in that calendar month (inclusive of the delinquent pledged instant transfer fees and tips) divided by the total receivables created in that particular calendar month. 

Year 
 Average 28-Day Delinquency Rate 

2020 
 4.34 

2021 
 3.93 

2022 
 3.65 

There are no fees associated with the delivery of ExtraCash funds to a checking account (typically delivered within two to five business days) via ACH. Should a Member wish to receive their funds on an expedited basis (guaranteed within eight hours, though often significantly faster), there is an optional instant transfer fee. The instant transfer fee ranges from 1.99 to 12.99, depending on the size of the advance taken and whether the ExtraCash advance is disbursed to an external account or the Members s Dave Banking account. Members are offered lower instant transfer fees if they elect to disburse ExtraCash funds internally to their Dave Banking account. Use of the expedited transfer feature is entirely optional. Further, we give Members the option to leave a tip based on what they think is fair when they use ExtraCash if they feel we have provided value to them. 
 On the repayment date, we trigger an automated withdrawal from the Member s account for the ExtraCash advance amount plus the optional instant transfer fee and optional tip if a Member opted for those services. We take a consumer-friendly approach to the withdrawal process by attempting to check Member balances before initiating all withdrawals. In the event there are insufficient funds to cover the repayment amount, we do not attempt the withdrawal and will wait until the Member has a sufficient balance before initiating the transaction in order to minimize the possibility of triggering an overdraft for our Members. Consistent with our reserve methodology, we deem a Member advance that has been outstanding for more than 120 days to be uncollectible and is therefore written off. 
 Demand Deposit Account: Dave Banking 
 Dave Banking is our FDIC-insured digital demand deposit account with premium features, cashback rewards, and no account minimums or corresponding fees. Our Dave Banking demand deposit accounts are currently issued by Evolve. 
 Members can open a Dave Banking account in minutes through the Dave mobile application, add funds to their account and begin spending using a Dave Banking virtual debit card. Dave Banking accounts also include a physical Dave Debit MasterCard that can be used for everyday purchases and spending transactions as well as at any of the nearly 40,000 MoneyPass ATM network locations to make no-fee withdrawals at these in-network ATMs. 
 Dave Banking accounts can be funded with an ExtraCash advance, direct deposit, an external debit card, an external bank account, or mobile check capture. There are no fees for a Dave Banking account, making it accessible for people of all financial situations. 
 Our Dave Banking account includes some of the best features and rewards in banking, including: 
 Zero account minimums; 

40,000 MoneyPass ATM network locations to make no-fee withdrawals; 

Paychecks delivered up to two days earlier than the scheduled payment date with direct deposit into the Dave Banking account, a feature accessible with no additional mandatory fees; 

8 
 
 Access to mobile wallets such as Apple Pay and Google Pay; 

Round-up feature allowing Members to round-up their debit card transaction into a Goals account which helps Members accumulate savings; and 

Up to 500 in ExtraCash capacity for short-term liquidity. 

Dave Banking offers robust security controls such as multi-factor authentication, contactless payment, instant card lock and protection against unauthorized purchases if cards are lost or stolen. 
 Our Dave Banking demand deposit accounts are currently issued by Evolve. Evolve is also the issuer of all Dave Banking debit cards and sponsors access to debit networks for payment transactions, funding transactions and associated settlement of funds under a sponsorship agreement with Dave. Evolve also provides sponsorship and support for ACH and associated funds settlement. Under the agreement between Dave and Evolve related to Dave Banking, Evolve receives all of the program revenue and transaction fees, and passes them on to Dave, minus any obligations owed to Evolve. Dave pays all payment network fees and other program-specific expenses associated with Dave Banking. These payment network fees are set directly by the various payment networks and based on the transactions processed on their respective network. See Our Business Model below for additional information. 
 Personal Financial Management Tool: Budget 
 We believe that understanding and visibility are core to a Member s financial health. That s why we developed our product offering called Budget, a personal financial management tool that helps Members understand their spending and savings habits and learn better financial management. 
 This automated financial management tool leverages historical bank account data to help Members understand both recurring and commonly occurring charges, helping Members understand potential upcoming pain points. Budget notifies Members when there is a chance of an overdraft, and allows Members to qualify for Dave s ExtraCash product for up to 500 of additional liquidity. We charge a 1 monthly subscription for access to the Budget product. 
 Job Application Portal: Side Hustle 
 Side Hustle is our streamlined job application portal for Dave Members to find supplemental or temporary work. We focus on gig economy, part-time, seasonal, remote and other flexible types of employment opportunities. Members can apply to dozens of jobs in-app using saved information and credentials. A side hustle can be an important part of a Member s long-term financial health, as it allows Members to quickly address unexpected expenses or cash needs with incremental income. 
 Supplemental Income Generation: Surveys 
 Our recently launched Surveys product allows for additional earning opportunities, allowing Members to take paid surveys anytime within the Dave mobile application. This functionality drives engagement within the Dave ecosystem and deepen our relationship to our Members financial wellbeing. 
 Our Business Model 
 We offer a range of financial products and services through a single platform delivered via a mobile application. 
 Our revenue is primarily broken into the following categories: 
 Service Based Revenue : in 2022, 92 of revenue, approximately 188.9 million in revenue 

ExtraCash (optional instant transfer convenience fees and optional tips) 

Budget (subscription fee) 

Other (Side Hustle lead) 

9 
 
 Transaction Based Revenue : in 2022, 8 of revenue, approximately 16.0 million in revenue 

Dave Banking (interchange fees, network incentives, deposit referral fees and out-of-network ATM fees) 

We originate ExtraCash advances directly, and we service all the advances that we originate. 
 ExtraCash advances have historically been funded through balance sheet cash. Beginning in January 2021, subsequent to the formation of Dave OD Funding I, LLC Dave OD Funding ), a subsidiary of Dave which is consolidated in Dave s financial statements, ExtraCash advances have been funded through a combination of balance sheet cash and funding available under Dave OD Funding s debt facility with Victory Park Capital, an affiliate of VPCC. ExtraCash advances are originated at Dave and transferred to Dave OD Funding for servicing. Cash is transferred back from Dave OD Funding to Dave through the acquisition of newly originated advance receivables and by distributions following the repayment of advances by Members. Proceeds of borrowings under the debt facility are used by Dave OD Funding to purchase advance receivables. The Company, through Dave OD Funding, continues to service all advances that it originates. 
 In addition, we depend on certain key third-party partners to provide certain of our products and services. Our Dave Banking demand deposit accounts and associated debit cards are currently issued by Evolve. We are party to a Bank Services Agreement with Evolve, with a term which is set to automatically renew on July 13, 2023 and which will automatically renew for successive one-year periods unless either party provides written notice of non-renewal, which may be provided without cause to the other party at least 180 days prior to the end of any such term. In addition, upon the occurrence of certain early termination events, either we or Evolve may terminate the agreement immediately upon written notice to the other party. The Bank Services Agreement does not prohibit Evolve from working with our competitors or from offering competing services, nor does it prevent us from working with other banks to provide similar services. Our partnership with Evolve allows us to provide deposit accounts and debit cards while complying with various federal, state, and other laws. Evolve also sponsors access to debit networks and ACH for payment transactions, funding transactions and associated settlement of funds. 
 In connection with our arrangements with Evolve, we have also entered into a multi-year service agreement with Galileo Financial Technologies, LLC (f/k/a Galileo Financial Technologies, Inc.) Galileo ), a payment processing platform, in which Galileo has agreed to process all transactions for our Dave Banking accounts and debit cards, and to handle corresponding payments and adjustments. Galileo also maintains cardholder information, implements certain fraud control processes and procedures, and provides related services in connection with the Dave Banking accounts and debit cards. We pay the greater of actual fees or the minimum monthly fee for these services. In January 2023, we executed an amended agreement with Galileo that should significantly reduce the fees that we pay to Galileo for these services. In conjunction with the amended agreement, the term of the agreement was amended such that the agreement expires on the fifth anniversary of the effective date of the amended agreement. Following the amended term of the agreement, the agreement renews for successive one-year periods unless either party provides written notice of non-renewal, which may be provided without cause, to the other party at least four months prior to the end of any such renewal term. The occurrence of certain events would provide each party with an early termination right under the agreement. 
 Our Growth Strategy 
 We believe we are in the early stages of realizing the full value of our existing platform. We seek to capitalize on the structural advantages inherent in being a digitally native, customer-centric, and built-to-scale platform as we continue capturing share of the growing market opportunity. Our multi-pronged growth strategy is designed to continue building upon the momentum we have generated to date to create even greater value for consumers: 
 Continue penetrating our large addressable market; 

Accelerate cross-sell into Dave Banking; 

Deliver new products and features to cross-sell to Members; and 

Evaluate additional strategic acquisitions. 

10 
 
 Continue penetrating our large addressable market: More than 160 million Americans are in need of more financial stability. Approximately one in five Americans are unbanked or underbanked without access to a checking account, or with access to a checking account but burdened excessively with interest and fees. Approximately 10 of households overdraft their account over 10 times per year, and approximately half of all banked financially vulnerable households overdrafted at least once per year. Framed differently, more than 30 of Americans are unable to afford a one-time 400 emergency and more than 63 of U.S. consumers are living paycheck-to-paycheck. Therefore, while we have achieved significant user scale, there remains significant runway for growth in our core product markets. 
 Accelerate cross-sell into Dave Banking: We are focused on continuing to expand the relationships we have with our Members into Dave Banking customers who engage in recurring funding and spending on our platform. As of the summer of 2022, all new Members receive a Dave Banking account to which they can receive an ExtraCash advance and with which they can satisfy their major funding and spending needs. Our goal is to expand the synergies between our ExtraCash product and the Dave Banking solution, build long-term, high-value direct deposit relationships with our Members and, ultimately, become the primary banking service for our Members. 
 Deliver and market new products and features: Our product development teams, inclusive of Product Management, Engineering, Design and Data Science, are constantly innovating. We are continually optimizing our current products, while also developing new features and solutions. We build products for our Members that we believe not only impact their daily financial lives, but are also intuitive and easy to use. At the same time, we design our products to drive value for our business and be technically scalable. 
 Leveraging both quantitative and qualitative Member data, we seek to solve Member financial challenges and drive greater engagement. We begin by listening to our Members and then flowing through our phases of product development research and development, prototyping and design, Member validation and Member testing, development and launch and then ongoing learning and iterating. 
 Evaluate Additional Strategic Acquisitions: We believe acquisitions will be an important tool to accelerate realization of our strategic roadmap going forward. We plan to be intentional in evaluating opportunities to serve larger populations with our leading products, to develop new avenues for engagement with and retention of our current Members and to enter new and synergistic product categories. 
 Seasonality 
 Our service based revenue is typically weakest in the first quarter when the Company tends to reduce its marketing expense in order to optimize returns on our advertising spend. The efficiency of the Company's marketing expense, based on relative levels of customer acquisition costs, is typically softest in the first quarter given how tax refunds help to support the liquidity needs of the Company's Members. Beyond the first quarter, service based revenue is typically strongest in the second and third quarter when the Company tends to accelerate marketing expense in a disciplined manner given how it can generally achieve attractive returns on that investment at greater scale. From a delinquency performance perspective, the first quarter is typically the strongest quarter for ExtraCash given the repayment support which tax refunds provide our Members. Transaction based revenue is typically strongest in the first quarter as the liquidity support which tax refunds provide causes higher levels of Dave Banking debit card spending and, hence, interchange revenue. 
 Marketing 
 Member acquisition relies primarily on paid and organic online advertising and social media. Dave also relies on television (streaming and linear), paid search, organic web traffic and e-mail marketing. Referrals and spend incentives drive incremental acquisition and engagement. Marketing creative content and online ads are produced and edited by a lean, experienced, in-house team, well-versed in tailoring messages for our target segments. Product marketing efforts are aimed at increasing Member engagement, through-funnel conversion and retention at a very low cost. 
 11 
 
 Dave's management team believes that its customer acquisition cost is one of the lowest in the industry which we attribute to both the sophistication of our marketing strategy and channel optimization as well as ExtraCash s ability to address what our proprietary research reveals as the primary pain point for our Member base: short term liquidity. We manage and monitor the efficiency of our marketing investment, in part, by comparing it to the number of customers acquired as well as the amount of gross and net revenue which these customers generate for the Company within a given period. The following table outlines Dave s customer acquisition cost which is defined as total marketing expense in a given period divided by the number of new Members who join the Dave platform in a given period by connecting an existing bank account to the Dave platform or by opening a Dave Banking account: 

Year 
 Customer Acquisition Cost (per customer) 

2020 
 17 

2021 
 25 

2022 
 24 

Customer Acquisition Cost is defined as all advertising and marketing operating expenses in a given period divided by the number of new members who join the Dave platform in a given period by connecting an existing bank account to the Dave service or by opening a new Dave Banking account. 
 Competitive Landscape 
 Consumer financial services is a large, fragmented, and competitive market, and we compete in varying degrees with a range of existing providers of consumer-focused banking, lending, commerce and other financial products. Our competitors are generally large, well-capitalized financial services companies. Some of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, particularly with respect to financial products similar to what we offer, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources, and a larger Member base. These competitors include: 
 Banking Competitors : Traditional banks and credit unions (e.g., Bank of America, Chase, Wells Fargo), new entrants obtaining banking licenses (e.g., Varo Money), and other non-bank digital providers that white-label regulated products, offering banking-related services (e.g., Chime). 

Lending and Earned Income Advance Competitors : Traditional banks and credit unions, specialty finance and other non-bank providers, offering consumer lending-related or advance products (e.g., Upstart, MoneyLion). 

Innovators in Consumer Finance : Consumer-oriented commerce enablement platforms (e.g., Affirm, Afterpay), finance-oriented social networks (e.g., CashApp, Venmo), and lending platforms (e.g., OpenLending, LendingClub). 

We believe other market participants do not adequately meet the needs of an estimated 160 to 180 million Americans who make up our target market. We believe our ease of access, speed-to-value, data-driven approach and powerful flywheel will allow us to continue to efficiently scale and generate strong returns. 
 Customer Service 
 Our mission is to deliver a center of excellence utilizing the voice of our Members to ensure they have successful interactions with our platform. We are customer-centric and devoted to providing transformational experiences. We offer omni channel support guided by Member data and artificial intelligence to augment all of our responses via chatbot, chatting with an agent, contacting us by phone, emailing with us or reaching out via social media. We use seamless tools to give us a 360-degree view of our Members journeys with the goal of offering the right resolutions to the right problems. Our 24/7 knowledge center provides best practices to empower Members to employ our tools and services effectively. We also review feedback from Members via Member satisfaction surveys, net promoter score tracking and app ratings to guide process updates and optimize our products. Our approach enables us to resolve a large variety of inquiries with ease, customization and efficiency. 
 12 
 
 Management 
 Leadership talent and vision are core priorities at Dave. We have carefully built our team to include experts who will help develop our unique and innovative solutions. Our founding team includes serial entrepreneurs, experienced designers and technology experts. Sourcing from some of the largest and most successful companies in consumer and financial technology, we have hired leaders in People, Product and Marketing. Our Legal and Regulatory functions are led by veterans from high-growth financial services firms. We will continue to focus on building our leadership team as we grow and diversify our business. 
 Employees and Culture 
 Every day, our small but mighty team works together to level the financial playing field. It is this mission and the opportunity to impact the lives of tens of millions of current and future Members that gets us out of bed each day. But, being mission driven alone is not enough to attract great talent. We have made significant strides towards setting the foundation to becoming a great place to work. 
 Over the past year, we have invested in embedding the OKR (Objectives and Key Results) framework utilized by many high performing technology organizations into our ways of working here at Dave. We have also implemented Quarterly Business Reviews, which are an opportunity for the most senior leaders of the company to review KPI performance from the previous quarter and ensure alignment on our plans for the upcoming quarter. These two changes to the way we operate have been transformational for Dave, leading to increased accountability, more effective cross-functional collaboration, and ultimately ensuring every team member has a clear understanding of Dave s goals and what they can do to contribute. 
 We continue our investment in great people leadership as we know that great people leaders have a multiplying effect on what a business is able to achieve. This insight has led us to invest very early in defining what it means to be a great leader at Dave. Our leaders aspire to create purpose, foster growth, lead through change, communicate with clarity and consistency and prioritize Dave-wide success. We continue to embed this definition of leadership into all aspects of the employee experience at Dave to ensure that over time, we are building the cadre of high performing leaders that inspire their teams to deliver our mission and business results. 
 Over the last year, we have continued to see the benefits from our strategic decision to operate as a Virtual First company. We now have team members in over 30 states and have greatly changed the profile of talent at Dave by removing geographic limitations. And, in this model, by removing daily commutes and in-office distractions, we have found that we are developing and launching more products and at a faster rate than historical experience. Finally, we know there is value in in-person collaboration and, with that in mind, we encourage team offsites and have implemented a co-working stipend to help give team members optionality in where they work. 
 Given our mission, we have invested in supporting the financial wellness of our own team by providing market competitive compensation and benefits programs, a 401k match and a benefits offering that allows all Dave employees access to a dedicated personal financial advisor to meet with as frequently as they choose. 
 Finally, as a fintech company working to reinvent so many aspects of our legacy financial system, we are no strangers to the unknown. We acknowledge that building a company and culture that employees can be proud of and recommend to their closest friends is not always linear. As such, we have mechanisms in place, including semi-annual engagement pulse surveys, to track how we are doing so that we can listen, learn and course correct. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 320 full time employees across all locations. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. 
 Regulatory Environment 
 We operate in a complex regulatory environment consisting of U.S. federal and state laws that is rapidly evolving. These laws cover most aspects of our business and include laws, regulations, rules and guidance relating to, among other things, consumer finance and protection, privacy and data protection, banking, and payments. For example, with respect to our ExtraCash advance product, certain state laws may, if applicable, regulate the charges or fees we 
 13 
 
 can assess and how we may obtain repayment from our Members. In addition, other federal and state laws, public policy, and general principles of equity, such as laws prohibiting unfair and deceptive acts or practices, may apply to our activities in banking, ExtraCash advances, payments, and other areas. These laws and regulations impact our business both directly and indirectly, including by way of our partnership with Evolve, which provides deposit accounts and debit cards to our Members. Ensuring ongoing compliance with these laws and regulations imposes significant burdens on our business operations. See Risk Factors We operate in an uncertain regulatory environment and may from time to time be subject to governmental investigations or other inquiries by state, federal and local governmental authorities and Our business is subject to extensive regulation and oversight in a variety of areas, including registration and licensing requirements under federal, state and local laws and regulations. 
 In addition, we may become subject to additional legal or regulatory requirements we are not subject to today if laws or regulations change in the jurisdictions in which we operate, or if we were to release new products or services. In addition, the regulatory framework for our products and services is evolving and uncertain and specifically the framework that applies to our ExtraCash advance business, as federal and state governments and regulators consider the application of existing laws and potential adoption of new laws. The potential for new laws and regulations, as well as ongoing uncertainty regarding the application of existing laws and regulations to our current products and services, may negatively affect our business. This could include the need to modify the way in which we generate revenue from certain business lines, obtain new licenses, or comply with additional laws and regulations in order to conduct our business. 
 State licensing requirements and regulation 
 We believe that none of our current business lines require us to obtain any state licenses. However, the application of state licensing requirements (including those applicable to consumer lenders) to our business model is not always clear and state regulators may request or require that we obtain licenses or otherwise comply with additional requirements in the future, which may result in changes to our business practices. In addition, if we are found to have engaged in activities subject to state licensure for which we lack the requisite license, or in activities that are otherwise deemed to be in violation of state lending laws, the relevant state authority may impose fines, impose restrictions on our operations in the relevant state, or seek other remedies for activities conducted in the state. 
 U.S. federal consumer protection requirements 
 Here we summarize several of the material federal consumer protection and other laws applicable to our business. Many states have laws and regulations that are similar to the federal laws described, but the degree and nature of such laws and regulations vary from state to state. We must comply with various federal consumer protection regimes, both pursuant to the financial products and services we provide directly and as a service provider to Evolve. 
 We are subject to regulation by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ), which oversees compliance with and enforces federal consumer financial protection laws. The CFPB directly and significantly influences the regulation of consumer financial products and services, including the products and services we provide. The CFPB has substantial power to regulate such products and services and the banks and non-bank entities that provide them, as well as their respective third-party service providers. This power includes rule making authority in enumerated areas of federal law such as truth in lending, credit discrimination, electronic fund transfers and truth in savings. Under Title X of the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFPB also has the authority to pursue enforcement actions against companies that offer or provide consumer financial products or services that engage in unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices, commonly referred to as UDAAPs. The CFPB may also seek a range of other remedies, including restitution, refunds of money, disgorgement of profits or compensation for unjust enrichment, civil money penalties, rescission of contracts, public notification of the violation, and restrictions on the target s conduct, activities and functions. Moreover, where a company has violated Title X of the Dodd-Frank Act or CFPB regulations under Title X, the Dodd-Frank Act empowers state attorneys general and state regulators to bring civil actions to enforce such laws and regulations. 
 14 
 
 Our business activities, either directly or indirectly through our partnership with Evolve, are also subject to applicable requirements under other federal statutes and regulations, including but not limited to: 
 Federal Trade Commission Act . The Federal Trade Commission Act prohibits unfair and deceptive acts and practices in business or commerce and grants the FTC and bank regulators enforcement authority to prevent and redress violations of this prohibition. Whether a particular act or practice violates these laws or the prohibition against UDAAPs enforced by the CFPB frequently involves a highly subjective and/or fact-specific judgment. 

Truth in Savings Act. The federal Truth in Savings Act TISA and Regulation DD which implements it require that consumers be provided various disclosures concerning terms and conditions of deposit accounts. They also impose disclosure requirements and restrictions on advertising regarding deposit accounts. TISA and Regulation DD apply to the demand deposit accounts opened by our Members at Evolve . 

Electronic Fund Transfer Act and NACHA Rules . The federal Electronic Fund Transfer Act EFTA and Regulation E which implements it provide guidelines and restrictions on the provision of electronic fund transfer services to consumers, and on making an electronic transfer of funds from consumers bank accounts. EFTA also limits consumers liability for unauthorized electronic fund transfers and requires banks and other financial services companies to comply with certain transaction error resolution procedures. Electronic fund transfers within the scope of EFTA include ACH transfers and debit card transfers. In addition, transfers performed by ACH are subject to specific authorization, timing and notification rules and guidelines administered by the National Automated Clearinghouse Association NACHA ). NACHA operating rules further imposes maximum tolerances on the volume of ACH transfers that may be returned as unauthorized or for other reasons. Exceeding those tolerances may result in limitations being imposed on our ability to initiate ACH transactions. Many transfers of funds in connection with the provision and repayment of our ExtraCash advances are performed by electronic fund transfers, including ACH transfers. We also facilitate the electronic transfer of funds requested by our Members between their deposit accounts with Evolve and their accounts at other financial institutions. 

Payday, Vehicle Title, and Certain High-Cost Installment Loans Final Rule . In 2017, the CFPB issued a final rule intended to provide various consumer protections with respect to certain short-term credit products. The rule was later stayed by a federal district court order in an industry challenge to the rule, and the effective date of many provisions of the rule was separately delayed by the CFPB in June 2019. A section pertaining to underwriting was subsequently rescinded in July 2020. The CFPB may engage in rule making in the future to amend the regulation and implement new underwriting and other requirements and restrictions that could negatively impact our business and require us to change our practices should they be deemed to apply to us. However, certain nonrecourse advance products are currently excluded from coverage by the rule provided certain consumer contract requirements are met and the advance provider does not engage in certain activities with respect to such products. 

Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act GLBA imposes limitations on financial institutions disclosure of nonpublic personal information about a consumer to nonaffiliated third parties. In certain circumstances, GLBA requires financial institutions to limit the use and further disclosure of nonpublic personal information by nonaffiliated third parties to whom they disclose such information, and requires financial institutions to disclose certain privacy policies and practices with respect to information sharing with affiliated and nonaffiliated entities, as well as to safeguard personal Member information. 

Given our novel business model and products, and the subjective nature of certain laws and regulations such as the prohibition against UDAAPs, we have been and may in the future become subject to regulatory scrutiny or legal challenge with respect to our compliance with these and other regulatory requirements. Additional or different requirements may also apply to our business in the future as the regulatory framework in which we operate is evolving and uncertain. While we have developed policies and procedures designed to assist in compliance with these laws and regulations, we may not have been, and may not always be, in compliance with these and other laws. 
 15 
 
 No assurance is given that our compliance policies and procedures have been or will be effective or adequate as laws change or are applied to us in a new manner. 
 Regulation of our bank partnership model 
 Pursuant to our partnership with Evolve, we offer our Members FDIC-insured, non-interest-bearing deposit accounts and debit cards that Members can use to access their account balances. These deposit accounts and debit cards are provided by Evolve. Under the terms of our agreement with Evolve, as well as the agreements between our Members and Evolve, each Member that chooses to open a deposit account has a deposit account at Evolve and a debit card issued by Evolve. With respect to these deposit accounts and debit cards, we act as the program manager and service provider to Evolve to provide customer support and technology features to Members using their Evolve accounts through our platform. 
 Evolve is subject to regulation and supervision by the FDIC. Many laws and regulations that apply directly to Evolve indirectly impact us (and our products) as Evolve s service provider. As such, our partnership with Evolve is subject to the supervision and enforcement authority of the Federal Reserve, Evolve s primary banking regulator. 
 Other regulatory requirements 
 In addition to the requirements described above, we are subject to and work to comply with other state and federal laws and regulations applicable to consumer financial products and services. These laws and regulations may be enforced by various state banking and consumer protection agencies, state attorneys general, the CFPB, and private litigants, among others. 
 Bank Secrecy Act and Anti-Money Laundering. Given our involvement in payments, banking transactions, and our arrangements with Evolve, we are subject to compliance obligations related to U.S. anti-money laundering AML laws and regulations. We have developed and currently operate an AML program designed to prevent our products from being used to facilitate money laundering, terrorist financing, and other financial crimes. Our program is also designed to prevent our products from being used to facilitate business in certain countries or territories, or with certain individuals or entities, including those on designated lists promulgated by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Controls and other U.S. and non-U.S. sanctions authorities. Our AML and sanctions compliance programs include policies, procedures, reporting protocols, and internal controls. Our programs are designed to address these legal and regulatory requirements and to assist in managing risks associated with money laundering and terrorist financing. 
 Privacy and Information Security Laws. We collect, store, use, disclose, and otherwise process a wide variety of information and data, including personally identifiable information PII that we acquire in connection with our Members use of our products and services, for various purposes in our business, including to help ensure the integrity of our services and to provide features and functionality to our Members. This aspect of our business is subject to numerous privacy, cybersecurity, and other laws and regulations in the United States, including the federal GLBA and various state laws such as the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ). Accordingly, we publish our privacy policies and terms of service, which describe our practices concerning the collection, storage, use, disclosure, transmission, processing, and protection of information. 
 The legal and regulatory framework for privacy and security issues is rapidly evolving, and, although we endeavor to comply with these laws and regulations and our own policies and documentation, we may fail to do so or be alleged to have failed to do so. Any actual or perceived failure to comply with legal and regulatory requirements applicable to us, including those relating to privacy or security, or any failure to protect the information that we collect from our Members from cyberattacks, or any similar actual or perceived failure by our third-party service providers and partners, may result in private litigation, regulatory or governmental investigations, administrative enforcement actions, sanctions, civil and criminal liability, and constraints on our ability to continue to operate, among other things. Please see the section titled Risk Factors Risks Relating to Dave s Business and Industry 
 16 
 
 Stringent and changing laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection could result in claims, harm our results of operations, financial condition, and future prospects, or otherwise harm our business. 
 Laws Governing Marketing and Member Communications. In addition, there are federal and state laws and regulations on marketing activities conducted over the internet, through email, or by mail or telephone, including the federal Telephone Consumer Protection Act TCPA ), the federal Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act CAN-SPAM Act ), FTC regulations and guidelines that implement, among other things, the FTC s Do-Not-Call Registry and other requirements in connection with telemarketing activities, and state telemarketing laws. Our marketing activities may subject us to some or all of these laws and regulations. 
 New Laws and Regulations. Various federal and state regulatory agencies in the United States continue to examine a wide variety of issues that are applicable to us and may impact our business. These issues include consumer protection, cybersecurity, privacy, electronic transfers, state licensing, and the regulation of cash advance services. As we continue to develop and expand, we monitor for additional rules and regulations that may impact our business. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 Intellectual property and proprietary rights are important to the success of our business. We rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, and trade secret laws in the United States and other jurisdictions, as well as license agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements, and other contractual protections, to establish and protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights, including our proprietary technology, software, know-how, and brand. In the future we will be looking closely at the possibility of filing design and utility patents to further enhance the measures of intellectual property protection for the company. However, these laws, agreements, and procedures provide only limited protection. As of December 31, 2022, we own five registered trademarks in the United States and have ten pending trademark applications in various stages of review by the PTO. Although we take steps to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights, we cannot be certain that the steps we have taken will be sufficient or effective to prevent the unauthorized access, use, copying, or the reverse engineering of our technology and other proprietary information, including by third parties who may use our technology or other proprietary information to develop services that compete with ours. Moreover, others may independently develop technologies or services that are competitive with ours or that infringe on, misappropriate, or otherwise violate our intellectual property and proprietary rights. Policing the unauthorized use of our intellectual property and proprietary rights can be difficult. The enforcement of our intellectual property and proprietary rights also depends on any legal actions we may bring against any such parties being successful, but these actions are costly, time-consuming, and may not be successful, even when our rights have been infringed, misappropriated, or otherwise violated. In addition, aspects of our platform and services include software covered by open source licenses. The terms of various open source licenses have not been interpreted by United States courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our services. 
 Although we rely on intellectual property and proprietary rights, including patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets, as well as contractual protections, in our business, we also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our intellectual property and proprietary rights through appropriate technological restrictions, such as physical and electronic security measures. We believe that factors such as the technological and creative skills of our personnel and frequent enhancements to our network are also essential to establishing and maintaining our technology leadership position. 
 See the section titled Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry for a more comprehensive description of risks related to our intellectual property and proprietary rights. 
 Available Information 
 We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the public over the internet at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Our SEC filings are also available free of charge on the Investor Relations portion of our website at dave.com as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the SEC. Our website and the information contained on or through that site are not incorporated into this report. All website addresses in this report are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 17 

Information About Our Executive Officers and Directors 
 
 Executive Officers 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Jason Wilk 
 
 37 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

Kyle Beilman 
 
 35 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Jason Wilk . Mr. Wilk co-founded Dave Inc. and has served as President and Chief Executive Officer since the closing of the Business Combination and prior to the Business Combination as Legacy Dave s Chief Executive Officer since May 2016. 
 
 Kyle Beilman . Mr. Beilman has served as Chief Financial Officer and Secretary since the closing of the Business Combination and prior to the Business Combination served as Legacy Dave s Chief Financial Officer since January 2021 and between July 2017 to October 2019 and Chief Operating Officer from October 2019 to January 2021. 
 
 Board of Directors 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Jason Wilk 
 
 37 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

Teresa Aragones 
 
 53 
 
 Marketing Advisor 

Brendan Carroll 
 
 45 
 
 Senior Partner, Victory Park Capital Advisors, LLC 

Andrea Mitchell 
 
 51 
 
 Managing Partner, Law firm of Mitchell Sandler LLC 

Michael Pope 
 
 56 
 
 Former Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Shutterfly, Inc. 

Dan Preston 
 
 37 
 
 Former Chief Executive Officer and Director, Metromile 

Item 1A. Risk Fa ctors. 
 In the course of conducting our business operations, we are exposed to a variety of risks. Any of the risk factors we describe below have affected or could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The market price of shares of our common stock could decline, possibly significantly or permanently, if one or more of these risks and uncertainties occurs. Certain statements in Risk Factors are forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise requires, the disclosures in this Item 1A refer to Dave Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries following the consummation of the Business Combination. 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 Our business is subject to a number of risks, including risks that may prevent us from achieving our business objectives or may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. These risks are discussed more fully below and include, but are not limited to, risks related to: 
 The industries in which we compete are highly competitive, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

If we are unable to keep pace with the rapid technological developments in our industry and the larger financial services industry necessary to continue providing our Members with new and innovative products and services, the use of our platform and other products and services could decline. In addition, if the prices we charge for our products and services are unacceptable to our Members, our operating results will be harmed. 

Our ExtraCash advances expose us to credit risk of our Members and if our underwriting criteria for making advances is not sufficient to mitigate against this risk, our financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected if a substantial number of our Members fail to repay the ExtraCash advance they receive. 

18 
 
 We may not be able to scale our business quickly enough to meet our Members growing needs, and if we are not able to grow efficiently, our operating results could be harmed. 

If we are unable to acquire new Members and retain our current members or sell additional functionality and services to them, our revenue growth will be adversely affected. 

Dave has historically incurred losses in the operation of its business. We may never achieve or sustain profitability. 

We operate in an uncertain regulatory environment and may from time to time be subject to governmental investigations or other inquiries by state, federal and local governmental authorities. 

The financial services industry continues to be targeted by new laws or regulations in many jurisdictions, including the U.S. states in which we operate, that could restrict the products and services we offer, impose additional compliance costs on us, render our current operations unprofitable or even prohibit our current operations. 

Our business is subject to extensive regulation and oversight in a variety of areas, including registration and licensing requirements under federal, state and local laws and regulations. 

Stringent and changing laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection could result in claims, harm our results of operations, financial condition, and future prospects, or otherwise harm our business. 

Dave identified material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting in its audited financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. If Dave is unable to remediate these material weaknesses, or if it identifies additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fails to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, it may not be able to accurately or timely report its financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect Dave s business and share price. 

Dave s forecasted operating results and projections rely in large part upon assumptions, analyses and internal estimates developed by Dave s management. If these assumptions, analyses or estimates prove to be incorrect or inaccurate, Dave s actual operating results may differ materially and adversely from those forecasted or projected. 

Fraudulent and other illegal activity involving our products and services could lead to reputational damage to us, reduce the use of our platform and services and may adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 

In the normal course of business, we collect, process, use and retain sensitive and confidential information regarding our Members and prospective Members, including data provided by and related to Members and their transactions, as well as other data of the counterparties to their payments. A data security breach could expose us to liability and protracted and costly litigation, and could adversely affect our reputation and operating revenues. 

Dave s management has limited experience in operating a public company. 

We transfer funds to our Members daily, which in the aggregate comprise substantial sums, and are subject to the risk of errors, which could result in financial losses, damage to our reputation, or loss of trust in our brand, which would harm our business and financial results. 

Dave Inc. has guaranteed up to 25,000,000 of one of its subsidiary s obligations under a debt facility, and currently that limited guaranty is secured by a first-priority lien against substantially all of Dave Inc. s assets. The debt facility contains financial covenants and other restrictions on our actions, which could limit our operational flexibility and otherwise adversely affect our financial condition. 

If our present or any future key banking relationships are terminated and we are not able to secure or successfully migrate client portfolios to a new bank partner or partners, our business would be adversely affected. 

19 
 
 We depend upon several third-party service providers for processing our transactions and provide other important services for our business. If any of our agreements with our processing providers are terminated or if we experience any interruption or delay in the services provided by our third-party service providers, delivery of our products and services could be impaired or suspended and our business could suffer. 

Our recent rapid growth, including growth in our volume of payments, may not be indicative of future growth, and if we continue to grow rapidly, we may not be able to manage our growth effectively. Our rapid growth also makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will not be successful. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 The industries in which we compete are highly competitive, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 The industries in which we compete are highly competitive and subject to rapid and significant changes. We compete against companies and financial institutions across the retail banking, financial services, consumer technology and financial technology services industries, as well as other nonbank lenders serving credit-challenged consumers, including online marketplace lenders, check cashers, point-of-sale lenders and payday lenders. We may compete with others in the market who may in the future provide offerings similar to ours, particularly companies who may provide money management, lending and other services though a platform similar to our platform. These and other competitors in the banking and financial technology industries are introducing innovative products and services that may compete with ours. We expect that this competition will continue as banking and financial technology industries continue to evolve, particularly if non-traditional non-recourse advance providers and other parties gain greater market share in these industries. If we are unable to differentiate our products and platform from and successfully compete with those of our competitors, our business, results of operations and financial condition will be materially and adversely affected. 
 Many existing and potential competitors are entities substantially larger in size, have more resources, are more highly diversified in revenue and substantially more established with significantly more brand awareness than ours. As such, many of our competitors can leverage their size, robust networks, financial wherewithal, brand awareness, pricing power and technological assets to compete with us. To the extent new entrants gain market share, the purchase and use of our products and services would decline. If price competition materially intensifies, we may have to decrease the prices of our products and services, which would likely adversely affect the results of operations. 
 Our long-term success depends on our ability to compete effectively against existing and potential competitors that seek to provide banking and financial technology products and services. If we fail to compete effectively against these competitors, our revenues, results of operations, prospects for future growth and overall business will be materially and adversely affected. 
 If we are unable to keep pace with the rapid technological developments in our industry and the larger financial services industry necessary to continue providing our Members with new and innovative products and services, the use of our platform and other products and services could decline. 
 The financial services industry is subject to rapid and significant technological changes. We cannot predict the effect of technological changes on our business. We expect that new services and technologies applicable to our industry will continue to emerge, and these new services and technologies may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies we currently utilize in our products and services. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to develop new technologies and adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards. These initiatives are inherently risky, and they may not be successful or may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, we may make future investments in, or enter into strategic partnerships to develop new technologies and services or to implement infrastructure to further our strategic objectives, strengthen our existing businesses and remain competitive. However, our ability to transition to new 
 20 
 
 services and technologies that we develop may be inhibited by a lack of industry-wide standards, changes to the regulatory landscape, resistance by consumers to these changes, or by the intellectual property rights of third parties. 
 If the prices we charge for our products and services are unacceptable to our Members, our operating results will be harmed. 
 We generate revenue by charging Members a fixed monthly rate for membership to our platform as well as additional fees related to optional expedited delivery of advances. Members who obtain an ExtraCash advance through our platform also have the option to tip us. We also generate revenue from our Dave banking product through interchange and out-of-network ATM fees, as well as from our job portal service through referral fees from partner companies. As the market for our platform matures, as new or existing competitors introduce new products or services that compete with ours or if general inflationary pressures continue, we may experience pricing pressure and be unable to retain current Members and attract new Members at prices that are consistent with our pricing model and operating budget. Our pricing strategy for new products and services we introduce may prove to be unappealing to our Members, and our competitors could choose to bundle certain products and services competitive with ours. If this were to occur, it is possible that we would have to change our pricing strategies or reduce our prices, which could harm our revenue, gross profits, and operating results. 
 Our ExtraCash advances expose us to credit risk of our Members and if our underwriting criteria for making advances is not sufficient to mitigate against this risk, our financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected if a substantial number of our Members fail to repay the ExtraCash advance they receive. 
 Our ExtraCash advance product exposes us to financial losses if Members do not repay the advance we provide to them. The timing and volume of advance repayments have a significant impact on our financial results and cash flows. If a large number of Members do not repay advances, our financial condition and operating results would be adversely affected. 
 Our underwriting standards may not offer adequate protection against the risk of non-payment, especially in periods of economic uncertainty such as has existed with the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic and more recently with rising interest rates and inflationary pressures. 
 Our ability to accurately forecast performance and determine an appropriate provision and allowance for credit losses, is critical to our business and financial results. The allowance for credit losses is established through a provision for credit losses based on management s evaluation of the risk inherent in the cash advance portfolio, the composition of the portfolio, specific impaired advances, and current economic conditions. Please see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 There can be no assurance that our performance forecasts will be accurate. In periods with changing economic conditions, rising interest rates and increasing inflationary pressures, accurately forecasting repayment of advances is more difficult. Our allowance for losses is an estimate, and if actual repayment defaults are materially greater than our allowance for losses, or more generally, if our forecasts are not accurate, our financial position, liquidity and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. For example, uncertainty surrounding the continuing economic impact of COVID-19 on our Members has made historical information on credit losses slightly less reliable in the current environment, and there can be no assurances that we have accurately estimated repayment rates. 
 We may not be able to scale our business quickly enough to meet our Members growing needs, and if we are not able to grow efficiently, our operating results could be harmed. 
 As usage of our platform grows and we sign additional strategic partners, we will need to devote additional resources to improving and maintaining our infrastructure and computer network and integrating with third-party applications to maintain the performance of our platform. In addition, we will need to appropriately scale our internal business systems and our services organization, including customer support, risk and compliance operations, and professional services, to serve our growing Member base. 
 21 
 
 Any failure of or delay in these efforts could result in service interruptions, impaired system performance, and reduced Member satisfaction, which could hurt our revenue growth. If sustained or repeated, performance issues could reduce the attractiveness of our platform to Members and could result in lost Member opportunities, which could hurt our revenue growth, Member loyalty, and our reputation. Even if we are successful in these efforts to scale our business, they will be expensive and complex, and require the dedication of significant management time and attention. We could also face inefficiencies or service disruptions as a result of our efforts to scale our internal infrastructure. We cannot be sure that the expansion and improvements to our internal infrastructure will be effectively implemented on a timely basis, if at all, and such failures could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 If we are unable to acquire new Members and retain our current members or sell additional functionality and services to them, our revenue growth will be adversely affected. 
 To increase our revenue, in addition to acquiring new Members, we must continue to retain existing Members and convince them to expand their use of our platform by increasing the number of Members and incentivizing them to pay for additional functionality. Our ability to retain our Members and increase their usage could be impaired for a variety of reasons, including member reaction to changes in the pricing of our products or the other risks described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As a result, we may be unable to retain existing Members or increase the usage of our platform by them, which would have an adverse effect on our business, revenue, gross margins, and other operating results, and accordingly, on the trading price of our common stock. 
 Our ability to sell additional functionality to our existing Members may require more sophisticated and costly sales efforts. Similarly, the rate at which our Members purchase additional products from us depends on several factors, including general economic conditions, such as rising interest rates and inflation, and the pricing of additional product functionality. If our efforts to sell additional functionality to our Members are not successful, our business and growth prospects would suffer. 
 Our member subscriptions are open-ended arrangements that can be terminated by the Member without penalty at any time. For us to maintain or improve our operating results, it is important that our Members continue to maintain their subscriptions on the same or more favorable terms. We cannot accurately predict renewal or expansion rates given the diversity of our member base in terms of size, industry, and geography. Our renewal and expansion rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of several factors, including member spending levels, member satisfaction with our platform, decreases in the number of Members, pricing changes, competitive conditions, the acquisition of our Members by other companies, and general economic conditions. If our Members do not renew their subscriptions, or if they reduce their usage of our platform, our revenue and other operating results will decline and our business will be adversely affected. If our renewal or expansion rates fall significantly below the expectations of the public market, securities analysts, or investors, the trading price of our common stock would likely decline. 
 We have limited operating history and face significant challenges as a new entrant in our industry. 
 Legacy Dave was incorporated in October 2015 and we have a relatively short operating history in the financial services industry, which is continuously evolving. We have limited experience to date in building consumer financial services technology. We cannot assure you that we will be able to develop products and services on our platform that will enable us to meet quality, price and engineering standards, as well as comply with any regulatory standards we may be subject to. You should consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and significant challenges we face as a new entrant in our industry, including, among other things, with respect to our ability to: 
 build a well-recognized, trusted and respected brand; 

establish and expand our Member base; 

successfully market our products and services; 

properly price our services and successfully anticipate the usage of such services by our Members; 

improve and maintain our operational efficiency; 

maintain a reliable, secure, high-performance and scalable technology infrastructure; 

22 
 
 predict our future revenues and appropriately budget our expenses; 

attract, retain and motivate talented employees; 

anticipate trends that may emerge and affect our business; 

anticipate and adapt to changing market conditions, including technological developments and changes in competitive landscape; and 

navigate an evolving and complex regulatory environment. 

If we fail to address any or all of these risks and challenges, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 
 Changes in debit interchange rates could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 
 We expect interchange revenues from fees charged to merchants by card networks for processing a debit or credit payment to represent a significant percentage of our total operating revenues as adoption of our Dave banking product increases. The amount of interchange revenues that we earn is highly dependent on the interchange rates that the payment networks set and adjust from time to time. 
 The enactment of the Dodd-Frank Act required the Federal Reserve Board to implement regulations that have substantially limited interchange fees for many debit card issuers. While the interchange rates that may be earned by us are exempt from the limitations imposed by the Dodd-Frank Act, there can be no assurance that future regulation or changes by the payment networks will not impact our interchange revenues substantially. If interchange rates decline, whether due to actions by the payment networks or future regulation, we would likely need to change our fee structure to offset the loss of interchange revenues. To the extent we change the pricing of our Dave banking product, we might find it more difficult to acquire new Members, to maintain or grow Dave banking debit card usage and to retain existing Members. As a result, our total operating revenues, operating results, prospects for future growth and overall business could be materially and adversely affected. 
 If we lose key personnel, if their reputations are damaged, or if we are unable to attract and retain executives and employees we need to support our operations and growth, our business may be harmed. 
 Our success and future growth depend upon the continued services of our management team and other key employees who are critical to our overall management, as well as the continued development of our products, strategic partnerships, our culture and our strategic direction. We currently do not have key person insurance on any of our employees. The loss of one or more of our senior management team members or other key employees could disrupt or harm our business, and we may not be able to find adequate replacements. We cannot ensure that we will be able to retain the services of any members of our senior management or other key employees or that we would be able to timely replace members of our senior management or other key employees should any of them depart. 
 If we fail to offer high-quality customer support, or if our support is more expensive than anticipated, our business and reputation could suffer. 
 Our Members rely on our customer support services to resolve issues and realize the full benefits provided by our platform. High-quality support is also important for the renewal and expansion of our subscriptions with existing Members. We primarily provide customer support over chat and email. If we do not help our Members quickly resolve issues and provide effective ongoing support, or if our support personnel or methods of providing support are insufficient to meet the needs of our Members, our ability to retain Members, increase adoption by our existing Members and acquire new Members could suffer, and our reputation with existing or potential Members could be harmed. If we are not able to meet the customer support needs of our Members by chat and email during the hours that we currently provide support, we may need to increase our support coverage and provide additional phone-based support, which may reduce our profitability. 
 23 
 
 If our present or any future key banking relationships are terminated and we are not able to secure or successfully migrate client portfolios to a new bank partner or partners, our business would be adversely affected. 
 We rely on agreements with Evolve to provide deposit accounts, debit card services and other transaction services to us and our Members. These agreements and corresponding regulations governing banks and financial institutions may give Evolve substantial discretion in approving certain aspects of our business practices, including our application and qualification procedures for Members and require us to comply with certain legal requirements. Evolve discretionary actions under these agreements could impose material limitations to, or have a material adverse effect on, our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our relationship with Evolve Bank is terminated, we would need to find another financial institution to provide those services, which could be difficult and expensive. If we are unable to find a replacement financial institution to provide the services we receive from Evolve, we would not be able to service our deposit accounts, debit cards and other services, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, our financial results could be adversely affected if our costs associated with using Evolve materially change or if any penalty or claim for damages is imposed as a result of our breach of our agreements with them or their other requirements. 
 Our recent rapid growth, including growth in our volume of payments, may not be indicative of our future growth, and if we continue to grow rapidly, we may not be able to manage our growth effectively. Our rapid growth also makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will not be successful. 
 Our operating revenues increased from 153.0 million in 2021 to 204.8 million in 2022. Although we have recently experienced significant growth in our revenue and transaction volume, even if our revenue continues to increase, we expect our growth rate will decline in the future as a result of a variety of factors, including the increasing scale of our business. Overall growth of our revenue depends on a number of factors, including our ability to: 
 price our products and services effectively to attract new Members; 

create new products and expand the functionality and scope of the products we offer on our platform; 

maintain the rates at which Members subscribe to and continue to use our platform; 

provide our Members with high-quality support that meets their needs; 

introduce our products to new markets; 

successfully identify and acquire or invest in businesses, products or technologies that we believe could complement or expand our platform; 

increase awareness of our brand and successfully compete with other companies; and 

manage the risks related to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, rising interest rates and inflation on our business and operations. 

We may not successfully accomplish any of these objectives, which makes it difficult for us to forecast our future operating results. If the assumptions that we use to plan our business are incorrect or change in reaction to changes in our market, or if we are unable to maintain consistent revenue or revenue growth, it may be difficult to achieve and maintain profitability. You should not rely on our revenue from any prior quarterly or annual periods as any indication of our future revenue or revenue or payment growth. 
 In addition, we expect to continue to expand substantial financial and other resources on: 
 product development, including investments in our product development team and the development of new products and new functionality for our platform; 

sales, marketing and customer success; 

technology infrastructure, including systems architecture, scalability, availability, performance and security; 

acquisitions and/or strategic investments; 

24 
 
 regulatory compliance and risk management; and 

general administration, including increased legal and accounting expenses associated with being a public company. 

These investments may not result in increased revenue growth in our business. If we are unable to increase our revenue at a rate sufficient to offset the expected increase in our costs, or if we encounter difficulties in managing a growing volume of payments, our business, financial position and operating results will be adversely affected, and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability over the long term. 
 Dave has historically incurred losses in the operation of its business. We may never achieve or sustain profitability. 
 Since incorporation in October 2015, we have been engaged in growth activities related to building our business, which requires substantial capital and other expenditures. We have incurred net losses in previous fiscal years, including fiscal year 2022, and we may incur losses again in the future. We expect our cash needs to increase significantly for the next several years as we: 
 market our products and services; 

hire additional marketing, client support, engineering, product development and administrative personnel; 

expand our client support and service operations; and 

implement new and upgraded operational and financial systems, procedures and controls. 

As a result of these continuing costs and expenses, we need to generate significant revenues to attain and maintain profitability and positive cash flow. To date, our operations have been supported by equity and debt financings. If we do not continue to increase our revenues, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 We may require additional capital to support the growth of our business, and this capital may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 
 We have funded our operations since inception primarily through equity financings, sales of memberships to our platform, optional expedited processing fees and Member tips. We cannot be certain when or if our operations will generate sufficient cash to fully fund our ongoing operations or the growth of our business. We intend to continue to make investments to support our business, which may require us to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. 
 We expect to have sufficient capital to fund our planned operations for the next 12 months. We may need to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity related or debt securities, or through obtaining credit from government, financial institutions or other lenders. We cannot be certain that additional funds will be available to us on favorable terms when required, or at all. If we cannot raise additional funds when we need them, our financial condition, results of operations, business and prospects could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our operating results may fluctuate in the future. 
 Our quarterly and annual results of operations may fluctuate in the future, which may adversely affect our stock price. Fluctuations in our quarterly or annual results of operations might result from a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including, but not limited to: 
 the election by our Members of expedited processing of our ExtraCash advance product; 

the timing and volume of tips our Members send to us, advance payments and subscriptions and use of our products and services; 

the timing and success of new product or service introductions by us or our competitors; 

25 
 
 fluctuations in Member retention rates; 

changes in the mix of products and services that we provide to our Members; 

the timing of commencement of new product development and initiatives, the timing of costs of existing product roll-outs and the length of time we must invest in those new products before they generate material operating revenues; 

our ability to effectively sell our products through direct-to-consumer initiatives; 

changes in our or our competitors pricing policies or sales terms; 

costs associated with significant changes in our risk policies and controls; 

the amount and timing of costs related to fraud losses; 

the amount and timing of commencement and termination of major advertising campaigns, including partnerships and sponsorships; 

disruptions in the performance of our products and services, and the associated financial impact thereof; 

the amount and timing of costs of any major litigation to which we are a party; 

the amount and timing of costs related to the acquisition of complementary businesses; 

the amount and timing of capital expenditures and operating costs related to the maintenance and expansion of our business; 

changes in our executive leadership team; 

our ability to control costs, including third-party service provider costs and sales and marketing expenses in an increasingly competitive market; and 

changes in the political or regulatory environment affecting the banking or financial technology service industries. 

Fraudulent and other illegal activity involving our products and services could lead to reputational damage to us, cause us to incur financial losses, reduce the use of our platform and services and may adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 
 Criminals are using increasingly sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities using deposit account products or Member information. Illegal activities involving products and services like ours often include malicious social engineering schemes. Illegal activities may also include fraudulent payment or refund schemes and identity theft. We rely upon third parties for transaction processing services, which subjects us and our Members to risks related to the vulnerabilities of those third parties. A single significant incident of fraud, or increases in the overall level of fraud, involving our products and services, have in the past and could in the future, result in reputational damage to us. Such damage could reduce the use and acceptance of our products and services, cause our banking and strategic partners to cease doing business with us, or lead to greater regulation that would increase our compliance costs. Fraudulent activity could also result in the imposition of regulatory sanctions, including significant monetary fines, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 For example, in February 2021, we observed anomalous chargeback transaction volume in connection with the funding of Dave Banking accounts via debit card networks. After investigating, we discovered that these were fraudulent transactions exposing us to losses under the debit card network rules. In the third quarter of 2022, we experienced a fraud event which resulted in member advance write-offs of approximately 3.0 million. To address the challenges we face with respect to fraudulent activity of the nature outlined above and other activity as well, we have implemented risk control mechanisms that have made it more difficult for all Members, including legitimate Members, to obtain and use our Dave banking product. We believe it is likely that our risk control mechanisms may continue to adversely affect the growth of our Dave banking product for the foreseeable future and as a result, negatively impact our operating revenues. 
 26 
 
 We are exposed to losses from Dave banking Member accounts. 
 Fraudulent activity involving our Dave banking account may lead to Member disputed transactions, for which we may be liable under banking regulations and payment network rules. Our fraud detection and risk control mechanisms may not prevent all fraudulent or illegal activity. To the extent we incur losses from disputed transactions, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. Additionally, our Members can incur charges in excess of the funds available in their accounts, and we may become liable for these overdrafts. While we decline authorization attempts for amounts that exceed the available balance in a Member s account, the application of payment network rules and the timing of the settlement of transactions, among other things, can result in overdrawn accounts. 
 Our remaining overdraft exposure arises primarily from late-posting. A late-post occurs when a merchant posts a transaction within a payment network-permitted timeframe, but subsequent to our release of the authorization for that transaction, as permitted by payment network rules. Under payment network rules, we may be liable for the transaction amount even if the Member has made additional purchases in the intervening period and funds are no longer available in the Member s account at the time the transaction is posted. 
 We transfer funds to our Members daily, which in the aggregate comprise substantial sums, and are subject to the risk of errors, which could result in financial losses, damage to our reputation, or loss of trust in our brand, which would harm our business and financial results. 
 We have grown rapidly and seek to continue to grow, and although we maintain a robust and multi-faceted risk management process, our business is always subject to the risk of financial losses as a result of operational errors, software defects, service disruption, employee misconduct, security breaches, or other similar actions or errors on our platform. Software errors in our platform and operational errors by our employees may also expose us to losses. 
 Moreover, our trustworthiness and reputation are fundamental to our business. The occurrence of any operational errors, software defects, service disruption, employee misconduct, security breaches, or other similar actions or errors on our platform could result in financial losses to our business and our Members, loss of trust, damage to our reputation, or termination of our agreements with strategic partners, each of which could result in: 
 loss of Members; 

lost or delayed market acceptance and sales of our products and services; 

legal claims against us; 

regulatory enforcement action; or 

diversion of our resources, including through increased service expenses or financial concessions, and increased insurance costs. 

Although we maintain insurance to cover losses resulting from our errors and omissions, there can be no assurance that our insurance will cover all losses or our coverage will be sufficient to cover our losses. If we suffer significant losses or reputational harm as a result, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Cyberattacks and other security breaches or disruptions suffered by us or third parties upon which we rely could have a materially adverse effect on our business, harm our reputation and expose us to public scrutiny and liability. 
 In the normal course of business, we collect, process, use and retain sensitive and confidential information regarding our Members and prospective Members, including data provided by and related to Members and their transactions, as well as other data of the counterparties to their payments. We also have arrangements in place with certain third-party service providers that require us to share consumer information. Information security risks in the financial services industry continue to increase generally, in part because of new technologies, the use of the Internet and telecommunications technologies (including mobile devices) to conduct financial and other business transactions and the increased sophistication and activities of organized criminals, perpetrators of fraud, hackers, terrorists and 
 27 
 
 other malicious third parties. In addition to cyberattacks and other security breaches involving the theft of sensitive and confidential information, hackers, terrorists, sophisticated nation-state and nation-state supported actors and other malicious third parties recently have engaged in attacks that are designed to disrupt key business services, such as consumer-facing websites. 
 These cybersecurity challenges, including threats to our own IT infrastructure or those of third-party providers, may take a variety of forms ranging from stolen bank accounts, business email compromise, user fraud, account takeover, check fraud or cybersecurity attacks, such as ransomware, unauthorized encryption, denial-of-service attacks, social engineering, unauthorized access, spam or other attacks, to mega breaches targeted against cloud-based services and other hosted software, which could be initiated by individual or groups of hackers or sophisticated cyber criminals. A cybersecurity incident or breach could result in disclosure of confidential information and intellectual property, or cause service interruptions and compromised data. We may be unable to anticipate or prevent techniques used in the future to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems because they change frequently and often are not detected until after an incident has occurred. We have administrative, technical, and physical security measures in place, and we have policies and procedures in place to contractually require service providers to whom we disclose data to implement and maintain reasonable privacy and security measures. Despite our security measures, and those of our third-party vendors, our information technology and infrastructure has experienced breaches and may be subject or vulnerable in the future to breaches or attacks. If our own confidential business information were improperly disclosed, our business could be materially and adversely affected. A core aspect of our business is the reliability and security of our platform. Any perceived or actual breach of security, regardless of how it occurs or the extent of the breach, could have a significant impact on our reputation as a trusted brand, cause us to lose existing partners or Members, prevent us from obtaining new partners and Members, require us to expend significant funds to remedy problems caused by breaches and implement measures to prevent further breaches, and expose us to legal risk and potential liability including from governmental or regulatory investigations, class action litigation and other lawsuits. If sensitive information is lost or improperly disclosed through a data breach or otherwise or threatened to be disclosed, we could experience a loss of confidence by our partners and Members in the security of our systems, products and services and prevent us from obtaining new partners and Members, and we could incur significant costs to remedy problems caused by breaches and implement measures to prevent further breaches, and expose us to legal risk and potential liability and penalties, including from governmental or regulatory investigations, class action litigation and other lawsuits, all of which could adversely affect our reputation and our operating results. Any actual or perceived security breach at a company providing services to us or our Members could have similar effects. 
 Most jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals, regulatory authorities and others of security breaches involving certain types of data. In addition, our agreements with certain partners and service providers may require us to notify them in the event of a security breach. Such mandatory disclosures are costly, could lead to negative publicity, may cause our Members to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures and require us to expend significant capital and other resources to respond to and/or alleviate problems caused by the actual or perceived security breach. A security breach of any of our vendors that processes personally identifiable information of our Members may pose similar risks. 
 In May 2020, an unauthorized third party attempted to gain access to Dave Member accounts and was able to access Member profiles and Members partial or incomplete bank account information. We did not uncover any evidence that the attacker was able to take any actions with respect to the data, other than gaining read access to it, nor do we believe any unauthorized transactions were made or advances requested on the Dave system. We provided notice to relevant parties as required under applicable law and agreements and took steps to set up alerts to detect abnormal request volumes and introduced rate limiting at the IP address level. In addition, in June 2020, we were notified of an unauthorized third party breach of our Dave database. The third party was able to access to Dave s system by breaching the system of one of Dave s third party service providers. The attacker was able to download a large data set, including encrypted social security numbers for some Members; however, there was no evidence that unauthorized transactions were made or advances requested on the Dave system, nor do we believe that the third party gained access to decryption keys or was otherwise able to decrypt encrypted information. We took remedial measures, including the engagement of an outside security consultant to monitor for ongoing dark web activity and to conduct a security audit and incident investigation, and notified relevant parties as required under applicable law and agreements. As a result of these breaches, Dave did not experience any material adverse impact to its business or operation and any costs and expenses relating to such security breaches were not material to Dave. As we have 
 28 
 
 increased our Member base and our brand has become more widely known and recognized, third parties may continue to seek to compromise our security controls or gain unauthorized access to our sensitive corporate information or our Members data. 
 If our banking partner or other strategic partners were to conclude that our systems and procedures are insufficiently rigorous, they could terminate their relationships with us, and our financial results and business could be adversely affected. Under our terms of service and our contracts with strategic partners, if there is a breach of nonpublic personal information of our Members that we store, we could be liable to the partner for their losses and related expenses. 
 While we maintain cybersecurity insurance, our insurance may be insufficient or may not cover all liabilities incurred by such attacks. We also cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for data handling or data security liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, operating results, and reputation. 
 We guarantee certain obligations of one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, which guaranty is secured by a first-priority lien against substantially all of our assets, and contains financial covenants and other restrictions on our actions, which could limit our operational flexibility and otherwise adversely affect our financial condition. 
 One of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, Dave OD Funding has a senior secured debt facility with Victory Park Capital Advisors, LLC and its affiliates (the Debt Facility ). We have guaranteed up to 25,000,000 of Dave OD Funding s obligations under the Debt Facility, and currently that limited guaranty is secured by a first-priority lien against substantially all of our assets. The Debt Facility contains financial covenants and other restrictions on our actions, which could limit our operational flexibility and otherwise adversely affect our financial condition. 
 We depend upon several third-party service providers for processing our transactions and provide other important services for our business. If any of our agreements with our processing providers are terminated or if we experience any interruption or delay in the services provided by our third-party service providers, delivery of our products and services could be impaired or suspended and our business could suffer. 
 Our business involves processing of large numbers of transactions and management of the data necessary to do so. Our success depends upon the efficient and error-free handling of the money that is collected, remitted or deposited in connection with the provision of our products and services. We rely on the ability of our vendors and third-parties to process and facilitate these transactions, including ACH processing (as we are not a bank), and debit card payment processing, in an efficient, uninterrupted and error-free manner. We also rely on third-party service providers to perform various functions relating to our business, including software development, marketing, operational functions, fraud detection, cloud infrastructure services, information technology, data analysis, and, because we are not a bank and cannot belong or directly access the ACH payment network, ACH processing, and debit card payment processing. 
 While we oversee these service providers to ensure they provide services in accordance with our agreements and regulatory requirements, we do not have control over the operations of any of the third-party service providers that we utilize. In the event that a third-party service provider fails to perform such functions for any reason, including negligence, willful misconduct or fraud, fire, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunication failures, software and hardware defects, terrorist attacks and similar events, our ability to process payments and perform other operational functions for which we currently rely on such third-party service providers will suffer and our business, cash flows and future prospects may be negatively impacted. 
 We use both internally developed and third-party systems, including cloud computing and storage systems, for our services and certain aspects of transaction processing. Any damage to, or failure of, third party computer network systems or data centers generally, or those of our vendors (including as a result of disruptions at our third-party data center hosting facilities and cloud providers), or an improper action by our employees, agents or third-party vendors, 
 29 
 
 could result in interruptions in our services, causing Members and other partners to become dissatisfied with our products and services or subject us to potential financial losses. Sustained or repeated system failures could reduce the attractiveness of our products and services, and result in Member attrition, thereby reducing operating revenue and harming our results of operations. Further, negative publicity arising from these types of disruptions could be damaging to our reputation and may adversely impact use of our products and services, including our platform, and adversely affect our ability to attract new Members and business partners. 
 If we fail to adequately protect our proprietary rights, our competitive position could be impaired and we may lose valuable assets, generate less revenue and incur costly litigation to protect our rights. 
 Our success is dependent, in part, upon protecting our proprietary technology and rights. We rely on a combination of copyrights, trademarks, trade secret laws, and contractual provisions to establish and protect our proprietary rights. However, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property may be inadequate. Any of our trademarks or other intellectual property rights may be challenged or circumvented by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. Furthermore, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability, and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy our products and use information that we regard as proprietary to create products and services that compete with ours. 
 No assurance can be given that the contractual agreements we enter into to establish and protect our proprietary rights will be effective in controlling access to and distribution of our products and proprietary information. Further, these agreements do not prevent our competitors or partners from independently developing technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our platform. 
 Real or perceived software errors, failures, bugs, defects, or outages could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and future prospects. 
 Our platform and our internal systems rely on software that is highly technical and complex. In addition, our platform and our internal systems depend on the ability of such software to store, retrieve, process, and manage immense amounts of data. As a result, undetected errors, failures, bugs, or defects may be present in such software or occur in the future in such software, including open source software and other software we license from third parties, especially when updates or new products or services are released. 
 Any real or perceived errors, failures, bugs, or defects in the software may not be found until our Members use our platform and could result in outages or degraded quality of service on our platform that could adversely impact our business, as well as cause negative publicity, loss of or delay in market acceptance of our products and services, and harm to our brand or weakening of our competitive position. In such an event, we may be required, or may choose, to expend significant additional resources in order to correct the problem. Any real or perceived errors, failures, bugs, or defects in the software we rely on could also subject us to liability claims, impair our ability to attract new Members, retain existing Members, or expand their use of our products and services, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and future prospects. 
 Dave s management has limited experience in operating a public company. 
 Many of our senior management team have limited experience in the management of a publicly-traded company. Their limited experience in dealing with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies could be a significant disadvantage in that it is likely that an increasing amount of their time may be devoted to these activities, which will result in less time being devoted to the management and growth of the company s operations. We may not have adequate personnel with the appropriate level of knowledge, experience and training in accounting policies, compliance practices or internal controls required of public companies. For example, lack of a sufficient number of accounting and finance professionals contributed to material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as described in Item 9A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The development and implementation of the standards and controls and the hiring of experienced personnel necessary to achieve the level of accounting standards required of a public company may require expenditures greater than expected, and a delay could impact our ability to accurately and timely report our operating results, timely file required reports with the SEC and comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). We have expanded our 
 30 
 
 employee base to support our operations as a public company and it is possible that additional employees may need to be hired, which will increase its operating costs in future periods. 
 Dave identified material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting in its audited financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. If Dave is unable to remediate these material weaknesses, or if it identifies additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fails to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, it may not be able to accurately or timely report its financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect Dave s business and share price. 
 In connection with the preparation and audits of our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, material weaknesses were identified in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of its annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 As of December 31, 2022, material weaknesses were identified in our internal control over financial reporting. These material weaknesses, as well as our remediation plans, are described in Item 9A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 While we believe these efforts will be sufficient to remediate the material weaknesses, we cannot assure you that we will be able to complete our evaluation, testing or any required remediation in a timely fashion, or at all or that the measures we have taken to date and may take in the future will prevent or avoid potential future material weaknesses. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting is subject to various inherent limitations, including cost limitations, judgments used in decision making, assumptions about the likelihood of future events, the possibility of human error and the risk of fraud. If we are unable to remediate the material weaknesses or identify additional material weakness in the future, our ability to record, process and report financial information accurately, and to prepare financial statements within the time periods required by the SEC, could be adversely affected which, in turn, may adversely affect our reputation and business and the market price of the Company s Class A Common Stock. In addition, any such failures could result in litigation or regulatory actions by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, loss of investor confidence, delisting of our securities and harm to our reputation and financial condition, or diversion of financial and management resources from the operation of our business. 
 We strive to deliver simple, transparent, and fair financial products, which may conflict with the short-term interests of our stockholders. 
 Our core principle, and the foundation on which we have built our company, is to deliver simple, transparent, and fair financial products. Therefore, we have made in the past, and may make in the future, decisions that we believe will benefit our Members and therefore provide long-term benefits for our business, even if our decision negatively impacts our short-term results of operations. For example, the advances facilitated through our platform have no mandatory fees. Our decisions may negatively impact our short-term financial results or not provide the long-term benefits that we expect, in which case the success of our business and results of operations could be harmed. 
 Negative publicity about us or our industry could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and future prospects. 
 Negative publicity about us or our industry, even if inaccurate, could adversely affect our reputation and the confidence in, and use of our platform, potentially harming our reputation and causing disruptions to our platform. Such negative publicity could involve: the transparency, fairness, Member experience, quality, and reliability of our platform or consumer fintech platforms in general, the effectiveness of our risk models, our ability to effectively manage and resolve complaints, our privacy and security practices, litigation, regulatory activity, misconduct by our employees, funding sources, bank partners, service providers, or others in our industry, the experience of consumers with our platform or services. Any such reputational harm could further affect the behavior of consumers, including their willingness to obtain advances, deposit accounts, and other products and services facilitated through our platform. As a result, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and future prospects would be materially and adversely affected. 
 31 
 
 Our business, financial condition and results of operations have and may continue to be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic or other similar epidemics or adverse public health developments, including government responses to such events. 
 There are many uncertainties regarding the current global pandemic involving a novel strain of coronavirus, and the Company continues to closely monitor the impact of the pandemic on all aspects of its business, including how it has and may in the future impact its Members, employees, suppliers, vendors, and business partners. The duration and magnitude of the continuing effects of COVID-19 on the Company s Members remain uncertain and dependent on various factors, including the continued severity and transmission rate of the virus, new variants of the virus which may evade vaccines and developed treatments for COVID-19, the nature of and duration for which preventative measures are instituted and remain in place, the extent and effectiveness of containment and mitigation efforts, including vaccination programs, and the type of stimulus measures and other policy responses that the U.S. government may further adopt. 
 The Company s business and operations were disrupted by the conditions caused by COVID-19, which adversely affected Members spending levels and disposable income. In general, overall economic conditions potentially increases Members credit risk. Economic conditions that affect personal finances of Members could also impact repayment of advances that we make to our Members. The Company is concurrently evaluating its policies around the level and extent of Members cash advances and corresponding credit risk. The Company expects to continue to assess the evolving impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and intends to make adjustments to its responses accordingly. 
 Additionally, concerns over the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and variants of the virus that have emerged have in the past caused volatility in financial and other capital markets and any such volatility may adversely affect our stock price and our ability to access capital markets in the future. 
 If we cannot maintain our company culture as we grow, our success and our business may be harmed. 
 We believe our culture has been a key contributor to our success to date and that the nature of the platform that we provide promotes a sense of greater purpose and fulfillment in our employees. Any failure to preserve our culture could negatively affect our ability to retain and recruit personnel, which is critical to our growth, and to effectively focus on and pursue our corporate objectives. As we grow and develop the infrastructure of a public company, we may find it difficult to maintain these important aspects of our culture. If we fail to maintain our company culture, our business and competitive position may be adversely affected. 
 We use open source software in our products, which could subject us to litigation or other actions. 
 We use open source software in our products. From time to time, there have been claims challenging the ownership of open source software against companies that incorporate it into their products. As a result, we could be subject to lawsuits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software. Litigation could be costly for us to defend, have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition, or require us to devote additional research and development resources to change our products. In addition, if we were to combine our proprietary software products with open source software in a certain manner under certain open source licenses, we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary software products. If we inappropriately use or incorporate open source software subject to certain types of open source licenses that challenge the proprietary nature of our products, we may be required to re-engineer such products, discontinue the sale of such products, or take other remedial actions. 
 Natural catastrophic events, pandemics and man-made problems such as power disruptions, computer viruses, data security breaches, and terrorism may disrupt our business. 
 Natural disasters, pandemics such as COVID-19, or other catastrophic events may cause damage or disruption to our operations, international commerce and the global economy, and thus could harm our business. We have a large employee presence in Los Angeles, California, and our data centers are located in the Midwest. The west coast of the United States contains active earthquake zones and the greater Los Angeles area has experienced major fire danger in the past five years and may experience major fires in the future. In the event of a major earthquake, 
 32 
 
 hurricane or catastrophic event such as fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, cyber-attack, war, or terrorist attack, we may be unable to continue our operations and may endure system interruptions, reputational harm, delays in our application development, lengthy interruptions in the availability of our products and services, breaches of data security, and loss of critical data, all of which could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Additionally, as computer malware, viruses, and computer hacking, fraudulent use attempts, and phishing attacks have become more prevalent, we, and third parties upon which we rely, face increased risk in maintaining the performance, reliability, security, and availability of our solutions and related services and technical infrastructure to the satisfaction of our Members. Any computer malware, viruses, computer hacking, fraudulent use attempts, phishing attacks, or other data security breaches related to our network infrastructure or information technology systems or to computer hardware we lease from third parties, could, among other things, harm our reputation and our ability to retain existing Members and attract new Members. 
 In addition, the insurance we maintain may be insufficient to cover our losses resulting from disasters, cyber-attacks, or other business interruptions, and any incidents may result in loss of, or increased costs of, such insurance. 
 Risks Related to Regulatory and Legal Matters 
 Our business is subject to extensive regulation and oversight in a variety of areas, including registration and licensing requirements under federal, state and local laws and regulations. 
 We are subject to extensive regulation under United States federal and state laws and regulations. Regulators have broad discretion with respect to the interpretation, implementation, and enforcement of these laws and regulations, including through enforcement actions that could subject us to civil money penalties, Member remediations, increased compliance costs, and limits or prohibitions on our ability to offer certain products or services or to engage in certain activities. Any failure or perceived failure to comply with any of these laws or regulations could subject us to lawsuits or governmental actions and/or damage our reputation, which could materially and adversely affect our business. Moreover, any competitors subject to different, or in some cases less restrictive, legislative or regulatory regimes may have or obtain a competitive advantage over us. 
 We are subject to the regulatory and enforcement authority of the CFPB, which oversees compliance with federal consumer financial protection laws. In addition, our partnership with Evolve is subject to the supervisory authority of the Federal Reserve, which is Evolve s primary federal bank regulator. The CFPB has broad enforcement powers, and upon determining a violation of applicable law has occurred can order, among other things, rescission or reformation of contracts, the refund of moneys, restitution, disgorgement or compensation for unjust enrichment, the payment of damages or other monetary relief, public notifications regarding violations, limits on activities or functions, remediation of practices, external compliance monitoring and civil money penalties. The cost of responding to investigations can be substantial and an adverse resolution to an investigation, including a consent order or other settlement, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and future prospects. 
 In June 2020, we received a Civil Investigative Demand CID notifying us that the CFPB had opened a non-public investigation into various aspects of our ExtraCash advance business in compliance with the prohibition against UDAAPs, the EFTA, and, to the extent it applies, the Truth in Lending Act. We provided the CFPB with all information and documents required by the CID, and on September 27, 2021, the CFPB staff notified us that it currently did not intend to recommend that the CFPB take any enforcement action. In addition, on July 15, 2022, a purported class action was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California alleging violations of California consumer protection laws and state and federal lending laws, among other things. The complaint seeks injunctive relief, damages, restitution, nonrestitutionary disgorgement, pre- and post-judgment interest and reasonable attorneys fees and costs. The Company is actively litigating this matter and cannot estimate the likely outcome at this time. 
 We have been and may in the future also be subject to investigations and potential enforcement actions that may be brought by state regulatory authorities, state attorneys general or other state enforcement authorities and other governmental agencies. Any such actions could subject us to civil money penalties and fines, Member remediations, 
 33 
 
 and increased compliance costs, damage our reputation and brand and limit or prohibit our ability to offer certain products and services or engage in certain business practices. Further, in some cases, regardless of fault, it may be less time-consuming or costly to settle these matters, which may require us to implement certain changes to our business practices, provide remediation to certain individuals or make a settlement payment to a given party or regulatory body. 
 The financial services industry continues to be targeted by new laws or regulations in many jurisdictions, including the U.S. states in which we operate, that could restrict the products and services we offer, impose additional compliance costs on us, render our current operations unprofitable or even prohibit our current operations. 
 We are required to comply with frequently changing federal, state, and local laws and regulations that regulate, among other things, the terms of the financial products and services we offer. New laws or regulations may require us to incur significant expenses to ensure compliance. Federal and state regulators of consumer financial products and services are also enforcing existing laws, regulations, and rules more aggressively, and enhancing their supervisory expectations regarding the management of legal and regulatory compliance risks. For example, State attorneys general have indicated that they will take a more active role in enforcing consumer protection laws, including through the establishment of state consumer protection agencies as well as the use of Dodd-Frank Act provisions that authorize state attorneys general to enforce certain provisions of federal consumer financial laws and obtain civil money penalties and other relief available to the CFPB. 
 In addition, regulators are interpreting existing laws, regulations and rules in new and different ways as they attempt to apply them to novel products and business models such as ours. Changes in the laws, regulations and enforcement priorities applicable to our business, or changes in the way existing laws and regulations are interpreted and applied to us, could have a material impact on our business model, operations and financial position. In some cases, these measures could even directly prohibit some or all of our current business activities in certain jurisdictions or render them unprofitable and/or impractical to continue. 
 The application of traditional federal and state consumer protection statutes and related regulations to innovative products offered by financial technology companies such as us is often uncertain, evolving and unsettled. To the extent that our products are deemed to be subject to any such laws, we could be subject to additional compliance obligations, including state licensing requirements, disclosure requirements and usury or fee limitations, among other things. Application of such requirements and restrictions to our products and services could require us to make significant changes to our business practices (which may increase our operating expenses and/or decrease revenue) and, in the event of retroactive application of such laws, subject us to litigation or enforcement actions that could result in the payment of damages, restitution, monetary penalties, injunctive restrictions, or other sanctions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, and results of operations. 
 Further, we may not be able to respond quickly or effectively to regulatory, legislative, and other developments, and these changes may in turn impair our ability to offer our existing or planned features, products, and services and/or increase our cost of doing business. In addition, we expect to continue to launch new products and services in the coming years, which may subject us to additional legal and regulatory requirements under federal, state and local laws and regulations. To the extent the application of these laws or regulations to our new offerings is unclear or evolving, including changing interpretations and the implementation of new or varying regulatory requirements by federal or state governments and regulators, this may significantly affect or change our proposed business model, increase our operating expenses and hinder or delay our anticipated launch timelines for new products and services. 
 If we were to become directly subject to banking regulations or be subjected to additional third-party risk management obligations, our business model may need to be substantially altered and we may not be able to continue to operate our business as it is currently operated. 
 We are not currently subject to laws and regulations applicable to traditional banks. However, banking products made available through us by our bank partner remain subject to regulation and supervision by our bank partner s regulators and we, as a service provider to our bank partner, undertake certain compliance obligations. If we were to become directly subject to banking regulations or if the third-party risk management requirements applicable to us were to change, our business model may need to be substantially altered and we may not be able to continue to 
 34 
 
 operate our business as it is currently operated. Failure by us, or any of our business partners, to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 
 We operate in an uncertain regulatory environment and may from time to time be subject to governmental investigations or other inquiries by state, federal and local governmental authorities. 
 Determinations of compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements can be highly technical and subject to varying interpretations. From time to time we become aware of instances where our products and services have not fully complied with requirements under applicable laws and regulations. When we become aware of such an instance, whether as a result of our compliance reviews, regulatory inquiry, Member complaint or otherwise, we generally conduct a review of the activity in question and determine how to address it, such as modifying the product, making Member refunds or taking other remedial actions. 
 Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations, rules and guidance, or any finding that our past forms, practices, processes, procedures, controls or infrastructure were insufficient or not in compliance, could subject us to regulatory enforcement actions, result in the assessment against us of civil, monetary, criminal or other penalties (some of which could be significant in the case of knowing or reckless violations), result in the issuance of cease and desist orders (which can include orders for restitution, as well as other kinds of affirmative relief), require us to refund payments, interest or fees, result in a determination that certain financial products are not collectible, result in a suspension or revocation of licenses or authorization to transact business, result in a finding that we have engaged in unfair and deceptive acts or practices, limit our access to services provided by third-party financial institutions or cause damage to our reputation, brands and valued Member relationships. We may also incur additional, substantial expenses to bring those products and services into compliance with the laws of various jurisdictions or as a result choose to stop offering certain products and services in certain jurisdictions. 
 Our failure to comply with any regulations, rules, or guidance applicable to our business could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, changes to, or the discontinuation of, certain products and services necessary to maintain compliance with regulatory and legal requirements or to adequately manage compliance-related risks may result in corresponding changes to or limitations on the fees we can charge and other sources of revenue we currently rely upon. Such failures or changes to our products, services or business may have substantial adverse effects on our prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and could prohibit or directly or indirectly impair our ability to continue current operations. 
 If we were found to be operating without having obtained necessary state or local licenses, it could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and future prospects. 
 Certain states have adopted laws regulating and requiring licensing, registration, notice filing, or other approval by parties that engage in certain activities regarding consumer finance transactions. We have also received inquiries from state regulatory agencies regarding requirements to obtain licenses from or register with those states, including in states where we have determined that we are not required to obtain such a license or be registered with the state, and we expect to continue to receive such inquiries. The application of some consumer financial licensing laws to our platform and the related activities it performs is unclear. In addition, state licensing requirements may evolve over time, including, in particular, recent trends in legislation seeking to impose licensing requirements and regulation of parties engaged in non-recourse advance activities. 
 If we were found to be in violation of applicable state licensing requirements by a court or a state, federal, or local enforcement agency, or agree to resolve such concerns by voluntary agreement, we could be subject to or agree to pay fines, damages, injunctive relief (including required modification or discontinuation of our business in certain areas), criminal penalties, and other penalties or consequences, and the advances facilitated through our platform could be rendered void in whole or in part, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. For example, we have received and responded to inquiries from various states, in each case regarding whether the advance products we offer in those states should subject us to state licensing and related requirements. In December 2021, we entered into a Memorandum of Understanding MOU with the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation CA DFPI ). The MOU requires us to provide the 
 35 
 
 CA DFPI with certain information as requested by the CA DFPI and adhere to certain best practices in connection with our ExtraCash advance product (including certain disclosures related to us not being licensed by the CA DFPI). 
 Stringent and changing laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection could result in claims, harm our results of operations, financial condition, and future prospects, or otherwise harm our business. 
 We are subject to a variety of laws, rules, directives, and regulations, as well as contractual obligations, relating to the processing of personal information, including personally identifiable information. The regulatory framework for privacy and data protection worldwide is rapidly evolving and, as a result, implementation standards and enforcement practices are likely to continue to evolve for the foreseeable future. Legislators and regulators are increasingly adopting or revising privacy and data protection laws, rules, directives, and regulations that could have a significant impact on our current and planned privacy and data protection-related practices, our processing of consumer or employee information, and our current or planned business activities. 
 Compliance with current or future privacy and data protection laws (including those regarding security breach notification) affecting consumer and/or employee data to which we are subject could result in higher compliance and technology costs and could restrict our ability to provide certain products and services (such as products or services that involve us sharing information with third parties or storing sensitive information), which could materially and adversely affect our profitability and could reduce income from certain business initiatives. 
 Our failure, or the failure of any third party with whom we work, to comply with privacy and data protection laws could result in potentially significant regulatory investigations and government actions, litigation, fines, or sanctions, consumer, funding source, or bank partner actions, and damage to our reputation and brand, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Complying with privacy and data protection laws and regulations may cause us to incur substantial operational costs or require us to change our business practices. We may not be successful in our efforts to achieve compliance either due to internal or external factors, such as resource allocation limitations or a lack of vendor cooperation. We have in the past, and may in the future, receive complaints or notifications from third parties alleging that we have violated applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations. Non-compliance could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities, consumers, or others. 
 In addition to government regulation, privacy advocates and industry groups may propose new and different self-regulatory standards that may apply to us. Because the interpretation and application of privacy and data protection laws, regulations, rules, and other standards are still uncertain, it is possible that these laws, rules, regulations, and other actual or alleged legal obligations, such as contractual or self-regulatory obligations, may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing data management practices or the functionality of our platform. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, lawsuits and other claims, we could be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or which could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with laws, regulations, policies, legal, or contractual obligations, industry standards, or regulatory guidance relating to privacy or data security, may result in governmental investigations and enforcement actions, litigation, fines and penalties, or adverse publicity, and could cause our Members and partners to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. We expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws, regulations, and industry standards relating to privacy, data protection, marketing, consumer communications, and information security, and we cannot determine the impact such future laws, regulations, and standards may have on our business. Future laws, regulations, standards, and other obligations or any changed interpretation of existing laws or regulations could impair our ability to develop and market new functionality and maintain and grow our Member base and increase revenue. Future restrictions on the collection, use, sharing, or disclosure of data, or additional requirements for express or implied consent of our Members, partners, or end users for the use and disclosure of such information could require us to incur additional costs or modify our platform, possibly in a material manner, and could limit our ability to develop new functionality. 
 If we are not able to comply with these laws or regulations, or if we become liable under these laws or regulations, we could be directly harmed, and we may be forced to implement new measures to reduce our exposure to this liability. This may require us to expend substantial resources or to discontinue certain products, which would negatively affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, the increased attention focused upon liability issues as a result of lawsuits and legislative proposals could harm our reputation or otherwise 
 36 
 
 adversely affect the growth of our business. Furthermore, any costs incurred as a result of this potential liability could harm our operating results. 
 Any future litigation against us could be costly and time-consuming to defend. 
 We have in the past and may in the future become subject to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, such as claims brought by our Members in connection with commercial disputes, employment claims made by our current or former employees, or claims for reimbursement following misappropriation of Member data. Litigation might result in substantial costs and may divert management s attention and resources, which might seriously harm our business, overall financial condition, and operating results. Insurance might not cover such claims, might not provide sufficient payments to cover all the costs to resolve one or more such claims, and might not continue to be available on terms acceptable to us. A claim brought against us that is uninsured or underinsured could result in unanticipated costs, thereby reducing our operating results and leading analysts or potential investors to reduce their expectations of our performance, which could reduce the trading price of our stock. 
 Risks Relating to Ownership of our Securities 
 The dual class structure of our Common Stock has the effect of concentrating voting control with Jason Wilk, Dave s founder, Chief Executive Officer and President and a member of the Dave Board of Directors. This will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters, including the outcome of important transactions, including a change in control. 
 Shares of Dave Class V Common Stock will have 10 votes per share, while shares of Dave Class A Common Stock will have one vote per share. Jason Wilk, Dave s co-founder and its Chief Executive Officer and President, respectively, holds all of the issued and outstanding shares of Dave Class V Common Stock. Accordingly, as of March 1, 2023, Mr. Wilk holds approximately 60.0 of the voting power of our capital stock on an outstanding basis and will be able to control matters submitted to its stockholders for approval, including the election of directors, amendments of our organizational documents and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of Dave s assets or other major corporate transactions. Mr. Wilk may have interests that differ from yours and may vote in a way with which you disagree and which may be adverse to your interests This concentrated control may have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control of Dave, could deprive its stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their capital stock as part of a sale of Dave and might ultimately affect the market price of shares of Dave Class A Common Stock. For information about Dave s dual class structure, see the section titled Description of Securities. 
 Dave s dual class structure may depress the trading price of our Dave Class A Common Stock. 
 Dave cannot predict whether its dual class structure will result in a lower or more volatile market price of the Dave Class A Common Stock or in adverse publicity or other adverse consequences. For example, certain index providers have announced restrictions on including companies with multiple-class share structures in certain of their indexes. S P Dow Jones and FTSE Russell have announced changes to their eligibility criteria for inclusion of shares of public companies on certain indices, including the S P 500, pursuant to which companies with multiple classes of shares of common stock are excluded. In addition, several stockholder advisory firms have announced their opposition to the use of multiple class structures. As a result, the dual class structure of Dave s Common Stock may cause stockholder advisory firms to publish negative commentary about Dave s corporate governance practices or otherwise seek to cause Dave to change its capital structure. Any such exclusion from indices or any actions or publications by stockholder advisory firms critical of Dave s corporate governance practices or capital structure could adversely affect the value and trading market of the Dave Class A Common Stock. 
 Our stock price is volatile. 
 The trading price of the Dave Class A Common Stock and Public Warrants is volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond Dave s control. These factors include: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in operating results; 

37 
 
 failure to meet or exceed financial estimates and projections of the investment community or that Dave provides to the public; 

issuance of new or updated research or reports by securities analysts or changed recommendations for the industry in general; 

announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, collaborations or capital commitments; 

operating and share price performance of other companies in the industry or related markets; 

the timing and magnitude of investments in the growth of the business; 

actual or anticipated changes in laws and regulations; 

additions or departures of key management or other personnel; 

increased labor costs; 

disputes or other developments related to intellectual property or other proprietary rights, including litigation; 

the ability to market new and enhanced solutions on a timely basis; 

sales of substantial amounts of the Dave Class A Common Stock by Dave s directors, executive officers or significant stockholders or the perception that such sales could occur; 

changes in capital structure, including future issuances of securities or the incurrence of debt; and 

general economic, political and market conditions, including rising interest rates. 

In addition, the stock market in general, and the stock prices of technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. Broad market and industry factors may seriously affect the market price of Dave Class A Common Stock, regardless of actual operating performance. In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a particular company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. This litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources. 
 Dave has never paid cash dividends on our capital stock and does not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 Dave has never paid cash dividends on our capital stock and currently intends to retain any future earnings to fund the growth of its business. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of the Board and will depend on Dave s financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our Dave Class A Common Stock will be the sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 
 Anti-takeover provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and applicable laws could impair a takeover attempt. 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws afford certain rights and powers to the Board that could contribute to the delay or prevention of an acquisition that it deems undesirable. Dave is also subject to Section 203 of the DGCL and other provisions of Delaware law that limit the ability of stockholders in certain situations to effect certain business combinations. Any of the foregoing provisions and terms that have the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of Dave Class A Common Stock, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for the Dave Class A Common Stock. 
 38 
 
 Dave is subject to risks related to taxation in the United States. 
 Significant judgments based on interpretations of existing tax laws or regulations are required in determining Dave s provision for income taxes. Dave s effective income tax rate could be adversely affected by various factors, including, but not limited to, changes in the mix of earnings in tax jurisdictions with different statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in existing tax policies, laws, regulations or rates, changes in the level of non-deductible expenses (including share-based compensation), changes in the location of Dave s operations, changes in Dave s future levels of research and development spending, mergers and acquisitions or the results of examinations by various tax authorities. Although Dave believes its tax estimates are reasonable, if the IRS or any other taxing authority disagrees with the positions taken on its tax returns, Dave could have additional tax liability, including interest and penalties. If material, payment of such additional amounts upon final adjudication of any disputes could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position. 
 Changes to applicable tax laws and regulations or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could affect Dave s business and future profitability. 
 Dave is a U.S. corporation and thus subject to U.S. corporate income tax on its worldwide income. Further, since Dave s operations and customers are located throughout the United States, Dave will be subject to various U.S. state and local taxes. U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax laws, policies, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to Dave and may have an adverse effect on its business and future profitability. 
 For example, several tax proposals have been set forth that would, if enacted, make significant changes to U.S. tax laws. Such proposals include an increase in the U.S. income tax rate applicable to corporations (such as Dave) from 21 to 28 . Congress may consider, and could include, some or all of these proposals in connection with tax reform that may be undertaken. It is unclear whether these or similar changes will be enacted and, if enacted, how soon any such changes could take effect. The passage of any legislation as a result of these proposals and other similar changes in U.S. federal income tax laws could adversely affect Dave s business and future profitability. 
 As a result of plans to expand Dave s business operations, including to jurisdictions in which tax laws may not be favorable, its obligations may change or fluctuate, become significantly more complex or become subject to greater risk of examination by taxing authorities, any of which could adversely affect Dave s after-tax profitability and financial results. 
 In the event that Dave s business expands domestically or internationally, its effective tax rates may fluctuate widely in the future. Future effective tax rates could be affected by operating losses in jurisdictions where no tax benefit can be recorded under U.S. GAAP, changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws. Factors that could materially affect Dave s future effective tax rates include, but are not limited to: (a) changes in tax laws or the regulatory environment, (b) changes in accounting and tax standards or practices, (c) changes in the composition of operating income by tax jurisdiction, and (d) pre-tax operating results of Dave s business. 
 Additionally, Dave may be subject to significant income, withholding, and other tax obligations in the United States and may become subject to taxation in numerous additional U.S. state and local and non-U.S. jurisdictions with respect to income, operations and subsidiaries related to those jurisdictions. Dave s after-tax profitability and financial results could be subject to volatility or be affected by numerous factors, including (a) the availability of tax deductions, credits, exemptions, refunds and other benefits to reduce tax liabilities, (b) changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if any, (c) the expected timing and amount of the release of any tax valuation allowances, (d) the tax treatment of stock-based compensation, (e) changes in the relative amount of earnings subject to tax in the various jurisdictions, (f) the potential business expansion into, or otherwise becoming subject to tax in, additional jurisdictions, (g) changes to existing intercompany structure (and any costs related thereto) and business operations, (h) the extent of intercompany transactions and the extent to which taxing authorities in relevant jurisdictions respect those intercompany transactions, and (i) the ability to structure business operations in an efficient and competitive manner. Outcomes from audits or examinations by taxing authorities could have an adverse effect on Dave s after-tax profitability and financial condition. Additionally, the IRS and several foreign tax authorities have increasingly focused attention on intercompany transfer pricing with respect to sales of products and services and the use of intangibles. Tax authorities could disagree with Dave s intercompany charges, 
 39 
 
 cross-jurisdictional transfer pricing or other matters and assess additional taxes. If Dave does not prevail in any such disagreements, Dave s profitability may be affected. 
 Dave s after-tax profitability and financial results may also be adversely affected by changes in relevant tax laws and tax rates, treaties, regulations, administrative practices and principles, judicial decisions and interpretations thereof, in each case, possibly with retroactive effect. 
 Dave s ability to utilize its net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 
 In general, under Section 382 of the Code, a corporation that undergoes an ownership change is subject to limitations on its ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards NOLs to offset future taxable income. The limitations apply if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, which is generally defined as a greater than 50 percentage point change (by value) in its equity ownership by certain stockholders over a three-year period. If Dave has experienced an ownership change at any time since its incorporation, Dave may be subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its existing NOLs and other tax attributes to offset taxable income or tax liability. In addition, future changes in Dave s stock ownership, which may be outside of Dave s control, may trigger an ownership change. Similar provisions of state tax law may also apply to limit Dave s use of accumulated state tax attributes. As a result, even if Dave earns net taxable income in the future, its ability to use its pre-change NOL carryforwards and other tax attributes to offset such taxable income or tax liability may be subject to limitations, which could potentially result in increased future income tax liability to Dave. 
 There is no guarantee that the Public Warrants will be in the money at the time they become exercisable, and they may expire worthless. 
 The exercise price for our warrants is 368.00 per share of Dave Class A Common Stock. There is no guarantee that the Public Warrants will be in the money following the time they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, and as such, they may expire worthless. 
 We may amend the terms of the Public Warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of Public Warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding Public Warrants. As a result, the exercise price of the Public Warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of Dave Class A Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of a Public Warrant could be decreased, all without a holder s approval. 
 The Public Warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The Warrant Agreement provides that the terms of the Public Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding Public Warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of Public Warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the Public Warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding Public Warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the Public Warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then-outstanding Public Warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the Public Warrants, convert the Public Warrants into cash or stock (at a ratio different than initially provided), shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of Dave Class A Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of a Public Warrant. 
 We may redeem unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to warrant holders, thereby making their warrants worthless. 
 We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.32 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of the Dave Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds 576.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give proper notice of such redemption and provided certain other conditions are met. If 
 40 
 
 and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (a) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (b) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (c) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the Private Warrants will be redeemable by us for cash so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. 
 In addition, we may redeem your warrants after they become exercisable for a number of shares of Dave Class A Common Stock determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the Dave Class A Common Stock. Any such redemption may have similar consequences to a cash redemption described above. In addition, such redemption may occur at a time when the warrants are out-of-the-money, in which case you would lose any potential embedded value from a subsequent increase in the value of the Dave Class A Common Stock had your warrants remained outstanding. 
 We have issued and will continue to issue a substantial number of additional shares of Dave Class A Common Stock under an employee incentive plan. Any such issuances dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. 
 We have issued and will continue to issue additional shares of Dave Class A Common Stock under an employee incentive plan. The issuance of additional Dave Class A Common Stock: 
 may significantly dilute the equity interests of our investors; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of Dave Class A Common Stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for the Dave Class A Common Stock and/or the Public Warrants. 

There can be no assurance that Dave Class A Common Stock will be able to comply with the listing standards of Nasdaq. 
 On January 5, 2023, Dave effected a 1-for-32 reverse stock split in order to regain compliance with Nasdaq s minimum bid price requirement. There can be no assurance that Dave will be able to continue to comply with Nasdaq s minimum bid price requirement or other Nasdaq listing standards. If The Nasdaq Stock Market delists the Dave Class A Common Stock from trading on its exchange for failure to meet the listing standards, our stockholders could face significant material adverse consequences including: 
 a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that the Dave Class A Common Stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in the Dave Class A Common Stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

Sales of a substantial number of shares of Dave Class A Common Stock in the public market could occur at any time. This could cause the market price of the Dave Class A Common Stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 Sales of a substantial number of the Dave Class A Common Stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could 
 41 
 
 reduce the market price of the Dave Class A Common Stock. As of March 1, 2023, our current officers and directors hold approximately 15 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, including the 1,514,082 shares of Dave Class V Common Stock convertible into shares of Dave Class A Common Stock, which represents approximately 60.0 of the voting power of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. 
 Pursuant to the Investor Rights Agreement, certain holders are entitled to, among other things, certain registration rights, including the demand of up to three underwritten offerings and customary piggyback registration rights. Further, pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, we are also required to register additional shares of Dave Class A Common Stock. To satisfy these obligations, we previously registered up to 10,356,391 shares (on a post-split adjusted basis) of Dave Class A Common Stock, which also covers shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The sale of these shares is likely to have an adverse effect on the trading price of the Dave Class A Common Stock. 
 If the Business Combination s benefits do not meet the expectations of investors, stockholders or financial analysts, the market price of our securities may decline. 
 If the benefits of the Business Combination do not meet the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the market price of our securities prior to the Closing may decline. The market values of our securities at the time of the Business Combination may vary significantly from their prices on the date the Merger Agreement was executed, the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or the date on which our stockholders voted on the Business Combination. 
 In addition, fluctuations in the price of Dave securities could contribute to the loss of all or part of your investment. If an active market for our securities develops and continues, the trading price of Dave securities could be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Any of the factors listed below could have a material adverse effect on your investment in our securities and our securities may trade at prices significantly below the price you paid for them. In such circumstances, the trading price of our securities may not recover and may experience a further decline. 
 Factors that may affect the trading price of Dave securities include: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar to Dave; 

changes in the market s expectations about Dave s operating results; 

success of competitors; 

Dave s operating results failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts or investors in a particular period; 

changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning Dave or the market in general; 

operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to Dave; 

Dave s ability to market new and enhanced products and technologies on a timely basis; 

changes in laws and regulations affecting Dave s business; 

Dave s ability to meet compliance requirements; 

commencement of, or involvement in, litigation involving Dave; 

changes in Dave s capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt; 

the volume of Dave Class A Common Stock available for public sale; 

any major change in the Board or management; 

42 
 
 sales of substantial amounts of Dave Class A Common Stock by Dave s directors, executive officers or significant stockholders or the perception that such sales could occur; and 

general economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, fuel prices, international currency fluctuations and acts of war or terrorism. 

Broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our securities irrespective of our operating performance. The stock market in general and The Nasdaq Stock Market have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of our securities, may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for retail stocks or the stocks of other companies which investors perceive to be similar to Dave could depress our stock price regardless of our business, prospects, financial conditions or results of operations. A decline in the market price of Dave s securities also could adversely affect its ability to issue additional securities and its ability to obtain additional financing in the future. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about Dave, its business or its market, or if they change their recommendations regarding the Dave Class A Common Stock adversely, the price and trading volume of the Dave Class A Common Stock could decline. 
 The trading market for the Dave Class A Common Stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about Dave, its business, its market or its competitors. If any of the analysts who may cover Dave change their recommendation regarding the Dave Class A Common Stock adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about its competitors, the price of the Dave Class A Common Stock would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover Dave were to cease their coverage or fail to regularly publish reports on Dave, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause the stock price or trading volume of Dave securities to decline. 
 The JOBS Act permits emerging growth companies like us to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 
 We qualify as an emerging growth company as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including (a) the exemption from the auditor attestation requirements with respect to internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (b) the exemptions from say-on-pay, say-on-frequency and say-on-golden parachute voting requirements and (c) reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they deem important. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (a) the last day of the fiscal year (i) following March 4, 2025, the fifth anniversary of our IPO, (ii) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion (as adjusted for inflation pursuant to SEC rules from time to time) or (iii) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of the shares of Dave Class A Common Stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of our prior second fiscal quarter, and (b) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three year period. 
 In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the exemption from complying with new or revised accounting standards provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act as long as we are an emerging growth company. An emerging growth company can therefore delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies, but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 
 43 
 
 We cannot predict if investors will find the Dave Class A Common Stock less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find the Dave Class A Common Stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for the Dave Class A Common Stock and our share price may be more volatile. 
 Item 1B. Unres olved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 Item 2. Propert ies. 
 We operate out of our headquarters in Los Angeles, California. We maintain two sublease agreements for approximately 9,000 square feet located in Los Angeles, California. The subleases for the Los Angeles spaces are scheduled to expire in October 2023 and December 2025, respectively. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Pr oceedings. 
 
 See Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies, to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this report for information regarding legal proceedings in which we are involved. 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 44 
 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of 
 Equity Securities. Market Information 
 Our shares of Dave Class A Common Stock and Public Warrants have traded on Nasdaq under the symbols DAVE and DAVEW, respectively, since January 6, 2022. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 84 holders of record of Dave Class A common stock, one holder of record of our Class V common stock and two holders of record of the public warrants. The number of record holders is based upon the actual number of holders registered on our books at such date and does not include holders of shares in street name or persons, partnerships, associations, corporations or other entities identified in security position listings maintained by depository trust companies. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have not paid any cash dividends on our Dave Class A Common Stock to date. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition. The payment of any cash dividends will be within the discretion of our Board at such time. We do not anticipate declaring any cash dividends to holders of our Dave Class A Common Stock in the foreseeable future. 
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 On March 21, 2022, the Company, issued a convertible note in the principal amount of 100.0 million. The terms of the convertible note are described in Note 10 Convertible Note Payable in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 45 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. On January 5, 2023, the Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Company s certificate of incorporation to complete a 1-for-32 reverse stock split effective January 5, 2023. The effects of the reverse stock split have been reflected in the audited consolidated financial statements and the footnotes. 
 
 Overview 
 In the story of David vs. Goliath, the small underdog is able to outsmart and defeat his larger adversary. This is the spirit behind the name Dave. We have built an integrated financial services online platform that provides millions of Americans with seamless access to a variety of intuitive financial products at a fraction of the cost and with much higher speed to value than that of the legacy financial services incumbents, such as traditional banks and other financial institutions. Our mission is to build products that level the financial playing field. Our near-term strategy is focused on delivering a superior banking experience for anyone living paycheck to paycheck. 
 Based on our observation and analysis of Member data, legacy financial institutions charge high fees for consumer banking and other financial services products, which disproportionately burdens tens of millions of Americans who can least afford them. We see this dynamic playing out with our Members who we believe are on average paying between 300- 400 in overdraft, maintenance and other fees to their existing bank for basic checking services. 
 Further, we see a significant opportunity to address the broader short-term credit market. According to a report by FHN, legacy financial institutions charge approximately 30 billion in fees annually. The FHN estimates that financially coping and vulnerable populations pay over 120 billion a year in fees and interest for access to short-term credit. Our prospective Member opportunity is also significant. We estimate that our total addressable market consists of between 160 million to 180 million Americans who are in need of financial stability and are either not served or underserved by legacy financial institutions. 
 Dave offers a suite of innovative financial products aimed at helping our Members improve their financial health. To help Members avoid punitive overdraft fees and access short-term liquidity, Dave offers cash advances through its flagship 0 interest ExtraCash product. Through Dave Banking, we provide a digital checking account experience, seamlessly integrated with ExtraCash advances, with no hidden fees. With a Dave Banking account, Members have access to valuable tools for building long-term financial health, such as Goals savings accounts and customizable automatic round-up savings on debit spend transactions. We also help Members generate extra income for spending or emergencies through our Side Hustle product, where we present Members with supplemental work opportunities, and through our recently launched Surveys product, where Members can earn supplemental income by taking surveys. Our budgeting tool helps Members manage their upcoming bills to avoid overspending. 
 We have only begun to address the many inequities in financial services, but our progress to date demonstrates the demand for Dave to rewire the financial system for the everyday person. Since inception and through the date of this report, over 10 million Members have registered on the Dave app and over eight million of them have used at least one of our current products and we believe that we have a substantial opportunity to continue growing our Member base going forward. We strongly believe that the value proposition of our platform approach will continue to accelerate as a result of our data-driven perspective of our Members, allowing us to introduce products and services that address their changing life circumstances. 
 COVID-19 Impact 
 There are many uncertainties regarding the current global pandemic involving a novel strain of coronavirus, and we continue to closely monitor the impact of the pandemic on all aspects of our business, including how it has and may 
 46 
 
 in the future impact our Members, employees, suppliers, vendors, and business partners. The duration and magnitude of the continuing effects of COVID-19 and variants of the virus on our Members remain uncertain and dependent on various factors, including new variants of the virus and their severity and transmission rates, the nature of and duration for which preventive and containment measures are taken and remain in place, and the extent and effectiveness of such measures, including vaccination programs, and the type of stimulus measures and other policy responses that the U.S. government may further adopt. Moreover, the global macroeconomic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and related impacts on Members and their demand for our products and services may persist for an indefinite period, even after the effects of the pandemic have subsided. 
 For more information concerning risks related to COVID-19, see the section titled Risk Factors Our business, financial condition and results of operations have and may continue to be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic or other similar epidemics or adverse public health developments, including government responses to such events and Risk Factors Our ExtraCash advances expose us to credit risk of our Members and if our underwriting criteria for making advances is not sufficient to mitigate against this risk, our financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected if a substantial number of our Members fail to repay the cash advance they receive. 
 Comparability of Financial Information 
 Our future results of operations and financial position may not be comparable to historical results as a result of the consummation of the Business Combination. 
 Key Factors Affecting Operating Results 
 Our future operating results and cash flows are dependent upon a number of opportunities, challenges and other factors, including Member growth and activity, product expansion, competition, industry trends and general economic conditions. 
 Member Growth and Activity 
 We have made significant investments in our platform and our business is dependent on continued Member growth, as well as our ability to offer new products and services and generate additional revenues from our existing members using such additional products and services. Member growth and activity are critical to our ability to increase our scale, capture market share and earn an attractive return on our technology, product and marketing investments. Growth in Members and Member activity will depend heavily on our ability to continue to offer attractive products and services and the success of our marketing and Member acquisition efforts. 
 Product Expansion 
 We aim to develop and offer a best-in-class financial services platform with integrated products and services that improve the financial well-being of our Members. We have invested and continue to make significant investments in the development, improvement and marketing of our financial products and are focused on continual growth in the number of products we offer that are utilized by our Members. 
 Competition 
 We face competition from several financial services-oriented institutions. In our reportable segment, as well as in potential new lines of business, we may compete with more established institutions, some of which have more financial resources. We compete at multiple levels, including competition among other financial institutions and lenders in our ExtraCash business, competition for deposits in and debit card spending from our Dave Banking product from traditional banks and digital banking products and competition for subscribers to our personal financial management tools. Some of our competitors may at times seek to increase their market share by undercutting pricing terms prevalent in that market, which could adversely affect our market share for any of our products and services or require us to incur higher member acquisition costs. 
 47 
 
 Key Components of Statements of Operations 
 Basis of presentation 
 Currently, we conduct business through one operating segment which constitutes a single reportable segment. For more information about our basis of presentation, refer to Note 2 in the accompanying audited consolidated financial statements of Dave included in this report. 
 Service based revenue, net 
 Service based revenue, net primarily consists of optional tips, optional express processing fees and subscriptions charged to Members, net of processor-related costs associated with advance disbursements. Service based revenue, net also consists of lead generation fees from our Side Hustle advertising partners as well as fees earned related to the Rewards Product for Members who make debit card spending transactions at participating merchants. 
 Transaction based revenue, net 
 Transaction based revenue, net primarily consists of interchange and ATM revenues from our Checking Product, net of interchange and ATM-related fees, fees earned from withdrawal-related transactions, volume support from a certain co-branded agreement, and deposit referrals and are recognized at the point in time the transactions occur, as the performance obligations are satisfied and the variable consideration is not constrained. 
 Operating expenses 
 We classify our operating expenses into the following five categories: 
 Provision for Unrecoverable Advances 
 The provision for unrecoverable advances to Members primarily consists of an allowance for unrecoverable advances at a level estimated to be adequate to absorb credit losses inherent in the outstanding advances receivable. We currently estimate the allowance balance required using historical loss and collections experience, and, if relevant, the nature and volume of the portfolio, economic conditions, and other factors such as cash received subsequent to period-end. Changes to the allowance have a direct impact on the provision for unrecoverable advances in the audited consolidated statement of operations. We consider advances more than 120 days past due or which become uncollectible based on information available to us as impaired. All impaired advances are deemed uncollectible and subsequently written off and are a direct reduction to the allowance for unrecoverable advances. Subsequent recoveries, if any, of Member advances written-off are recorded as a reduction to Member advances, resulting in a reduction to the allowance for unrecoverable advances and a corresponding reduction to the provision for unrecoverable advances in the audited consolidated statements of operations when collected. 
 Processing and Servicing Costs 
 Processing and servicing fees consist of fees paid to our processing partners for the recovery of advances, optional tips, optional express processing fees and subscriptions. These expenses also include fees paid for services to connect Members bank accounts to our application. Except for processing and servicing fees associated with advance disbursements which are recorded net against revenue, all other processing and service fees are expensed as incurred. 
 Advertising and Marketing 
 Advertising and marketing expenses consist primarily of fees we pay to our platform partners. We incur advertising, marketing and production-related expenses for online, social media and television advertising and for partnerships and promotional advertising. Advertising and marketing expenses are expensed as incurred although they typically deliver a benefit over an extended period. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 48 
 
 Compensation and benefits expenses represent the compensation, inclusive of stock-based compensation and benefits, that we provide to our employees and the payments we make to third-party contractors. While we have an in-house customer service function, we employ third-party contractors to conduct call center operations and handle routine customer service inquiries and support. 
 Other Operating Expenses 
 Other operating expenses consist primarily of technology and infrastructure (third-party Software as a Service SaaS ), commitments to charity, transaction based costs (program expenses, association fees, processor fees, losses from Member-disputed transactions, bank card fees and fraud), depreciation and amortization of property and equipment and intangible assets, general and recurring legal fees, rent, certain sales tax related costs, office related expenses, public relations costs, professional service fees, travel and entertainment, and insurance. Costs associated with technology and infrastructure, rent, depreciation and amortization of our property and equipment and intangible assets, professional service fees, travel and entertainment, public relations costs, utilities, office-related expenses and insurance technology and infrastructure (third-party subscriptions), depreciation and amortization of property and equipment and intangible assets, general and recurring legal fees, rent, office-related expenses, public relations costs, professional service fees, travel and entertainment and insurance vary based upon our investment in infrastructure, business development, risk management and internal controls and are generally not correlated with our operating revenues or other transaction metrics. 
 Other (income) expenses 
 Other (income) expenses consist of interest income, interest expense, legal settlement and litigation expenses, other strategic financing and transactional expenses, gain on extinguishment of a liability, earnout liabilities fair value adjustments, derivative asset fair value adjustments, and changes in fair value of warrant liabilities. 
 Provision for income taxes 
 Provision for income taxes consists of the federal and state corporate income taxes accrued on income resulting from the sale of our services. 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Operating revenues 

For Year Ended 

Change 

(in thousands, except for percentages) 
 
 December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2022/2021 

2022/2021 

Service based revenue, net 

Processing fees, net 

106,664 

79,101 

27,563 

35 

Tips 

61,951 

45,106 

16,845 

37 

Subscriptions 

19,146 

17,203 

1,943 

11 

Other 

1,099 

772 

327 

42 

Transaction based revenue, net 

15,978 

10,831 

5,147 

48 

Total 

204,838 

153,013 

51,825 

34 

Service based revenue, net 
 Processing fees, net 
 Processing fees, net of processor costs associated with advance disbursements, for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 106.7 million, an increase of 27.6 million, or 35 from 79.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to increases in total advance volume from approximately 1,413 
 49 
 
 million to approximately 2,709 million year over year along with average advance amounts that increased from 104 to 144 as of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Processing fees tend to increase as advance volume increases, but may not always trend ratably as processing fees vary depending on the total amount of the advance. The percentage of Members that chose to pay a processing fee to expedite an advance remained consistent for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The average processing fees Members paid to expedite these advances increased modestly for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Tips 
 Tips for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 62.0 million, an increase of 16.8 million, or 37 , from 45.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to increases in total advance volume from approximately 1,413 million to approximately 2,709 million year over year along with average advance amounts that increased from 104 to 144 as of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Tips tend to increase as advance volume increases, but may not always trend ratably as tips often vary depending on the total amount of the advance. The percentage of Members that chose to leave a tip decreased slightly for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The average amount of tip Members chose to leave increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Subscriptions 
 Subscriptions for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 19.1 million, an increase of 1.9 million, or 11 , from 17.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to higher subscription engagement with Members on our platform. 
 Other 
 Other revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 0.3 million, or 42 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to increases in average revenue per lead related to amounts received from our Side Hustle advertising partners. 
 Transaction based revenue, net Transaction based revenue, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 16.0 million, an increase of 5.1 million, or 48 , from 10.8 million, for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to the growth in Members engaging with our Checking Product and corresponding growth in the number of transactions initiated by Members. 
 Operating expenses 

For Year Ended 

Change 

(in thousands, except for percentages) 
 
 December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2022/2021 

2022/2021 

Provision for unrecoverable advances 

66,266 

32,174 

34,092 

106 

Processing and servicing costs 

31,946 

23,459 

8,487 

36 

Advertising and marketing 

69,038 

51,454 

17,584 

34 

Compensation and benefits 

103,432 

49,544 

53,888 

109 

Other operating expenses 

68,551 

43,260 

25,291 

58 

Total 

339,233 

199,891 

139,342 

70 

Provision for unrecoverable advances The provision for unrecoverable advances totaled 66.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 32.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 34.1 million, or 106 , was primarily attributable to an increase in provision expense of 21.0 million related to Member 
 50 
 
 advances aged over 120 days and those that have become uncollectible based on information available to us, in addition to an increase in provision expense of 13.1 million related to Member advances aged 120 days and under. 
 The increase in provision expense related to Member advances aged over 120 days and those which have become uncollectible based on information available to us, period over period, was attributed to significant increases in average advance amounts and total advance volume from 1,413 million to 2,709 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. All impaired advances deemed uncollectible are subsequently written-off and are a direct reduction to the allowance for unrecoverable advances. 
 The increase in provision expense related to Member advances aged 120 days and under was primarily attributed to significant increases in average advance amounts and total advance volume during the last 4 months for the year ended December 31, 2022 and compared to the last four months of the year ended December 31, 2021. This resulted in an increase to the allowance for unrecoverable advances and corresponding higher provision for unrecoverable advances expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021. We anticipate volatility in Member advances outstanding each period as they are directly correlated with the timing and volume of Member advance activity during the last 120 days prior to the end of the period. 
 Throughout the year ended December 31, 2022, loss and collections experience of Member advances improved, however, historical loss and collections rates utilized in the calculation of the provision for unrecoverable advances decreased slightly when compared to historical rates used in 2021 which reflected underwriting modifications made during early 2020 in response to the onset of COVID-19. These underwriting modifications primarily consisted of lower advance amounts and stricter eligibility requirements. Any changes to our historical loss and collections experience directly affects the historical loss rates utilized in the calculation of the allowance for uncollectible advances. The changes in the allowance for unrecoverable advances, period over period, has a direct impact on the provision for unrecoverable advances. 
 For information on the aging of Member advances and a rollforward of the allowance for unrecoverable advances, refer to the tables in Note 6 Member Cash Advances, Net in the accompanying audited consolidated financial statements of Dave included in this report. 
 Processing and service costs Processing and servicing costs totaled 31.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 23.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 8.5 million, or 36 , was primarily attributable to the increase in advance volume from approximately 1,413 million to approximately 2,709 million, offset by volume associated discounts and cost savings due to price reductions from our processors. 
 Advertising and marketing Advertising and marketing expenses totaled 69.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 51.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 17.6 million, or 34 , was primarily attributable to increased advertising efforts, production costs and promotions across various social media platforms and television. 
 Compensation and benefits Compensation and benefits expenses totaled 103.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 49.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 53.9 million, or 109 , was primarily attributable to the following: 
 an increase in payroll and related costs of 20.6 million, primarily due to hiring and increased headcount throughout the business; and 

an increase in stock-based compensation of 33.3 million, primarily due to restricted stock units granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 and stock options granted to a certain executive during 2021, which achieved certain performance conditions associated with the close of the Business Combination. 

51 
 
 Other operating expenses Other operating expenses totaled 68.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 43.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 25.3 million, or 58 , was primarily attributable to the following: 
 an increase in insurance related costs of 7.0 million, primarily related to director and officer, general liability and cyber insurance premiums; 

an increase in accounting costs of 2.3 million, primarily related to various audit, tax and Sarbanes-Oxley compliance readiness related fees associated with the Business Combination in January 2022; 

an increase in technology and infrastructure expenses of 3.5 million, primarily due to increased costs to support the growth of our business and development of new products and features; 

an increase in expenses related to our Checking Product of 8.6 million, primarily attributable to processing fees, card fees and fraud related costs associated with the growth in Members and the number of transactions processed; 

an increase in legal fees of 2.9 million primarily due to ongoing litigation, compliance, employment and general corporate related matters; 

an increase in various administrative expenses of 2.1 million, primarily due to increases in investor relations fees, company meetings, bank service charges, sales tax, licenses and fees, travel and entertainment and other administrative expenses; 

an increase in depreciation and amortization of 3.7 million, primarily due to accelerated amortization related to the change in useful life of a certain intangible asset, increased amortization of internally developed software due to increased internally developed capitalized costs, and depreciation related to leasehold improvements and equipment purchases; and 

an increase in rent expense of 0.8 million, due to additional leased office space; offset by 

a decrease in charitable contribution expenses of 1.6 million, primarily due to decreased amounts pledged to charitable meal donations related to Members tips; and 

a decrease of 4.0 million related to primarily due to non-recurring fraudulent activity in relation to our Checking Product during the first quarter of 2021. 

Other (income) expense 

For Year Ended 

Change 

(in thousands, except for percentages) 
 
 December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2022/2021 

2022/2021 

Interest income 

(2,953) 

(287) 

(2,666) 

929 

Interest expense 

9,197 

2,545 

6,652 

261 

Legal settlement and litigation expenses 

6,282 

1,667 

4,615 

277 

Other strategic financing and transactional expenses 

4,591 

264 

4,327 

1639 

Gain on extinguishment of liability 

(4,290) 

- 

(4,290) 

-100 

Changes in fair value of earnout liabilities 

(9,629) 

- 

(9,629) 

-100 

Changes in fair value of derivative asset on loans to stockholders 

5,572 

(34,791) 

40,363 

-116 

Changes in fair value of warrant liabilities 

(14,192) 

3,620 

(17,812) 

-492 

Total 

(5,422) 

(26,982) 

21,560 

-80 

Interest income Interest income totaled 3.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 2.7 million, or 929 , was primarily attributable to interest earned from yields from short-term investments and higher interest rates during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 52 
 
 Interest expense Interest expense totaled 9.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 6.7 million, or 261 , was primarily attributable to interest related to increased borrowings from the delayed draw senior secured loan facility (the Debt Facility which Dave OD Funding I, LLC Dave OD entered into during January 2021, and which was subsequently amended in November 2021 to include a 20 million line of credit (the Credit Facility ), along with interest related to the Note with FTX Ventures and higher interest rates on borrowings under the Debt Facility and Credit Facility. 
 Legal settlement and litigation expenses Legal settlement and litigation expenses totaled 6.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. See Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies in the accompanying audited consolidated financial statements of Dave included in this report for more information regarding pending legal actions. The increase of 4.6 million, or 277 , was primarily attributable to the settlement of an employee-related legal matter. 
 Other strategic financing and transactional expenses Other strategic financing and transactional expenses totaled 4.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 4.3 million was related to certain one-time strategic opportunities in addition to certain one-time post-closing expenses associated with the Business Combination. 
 Gain on extinguishment of liability Gain on extinguishment of liability totaled 4.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 4.3 million, or 100 , was primarily attributable to the extinguishment of a 7.5 million liability related to transaction costs associated with the Business Combination that were settled during 2022 in exchange for shares of our Class A common stock. The 7.5 million in transaction costs were also included as part of additional paid in capital within our audited consolidated balance sheets as the transaction costs were originally capitalized in conjunction with the Business Combination. 
 Changes in fair value of earnout liability Changes in fair value of earnout liabilities totaled a benefit of 9.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 9.6 million, or 100 , was primarily attributable to fair value adjustments associated with certain earnout shares liability due to decreases in our underlying Class A Common Stock price. 
 Changes in fair value of derivative asset on loans to stockholders Changes in fair value of derivative asset on loans to stockholders totaled 5.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a benefit of 34.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease of 40.4 million, or 116 , was primarily attributable to the exercise of the call options and the settlement of this derivative asset at the close of the Business Combination in January 2022. For further details, please refer to Note 2 in the accompanying audited consolidated financial statements of Dave included in this report. 
 Changes in fair value of warrant liability Changes in fair value of warrant liability totaled a benefit of 14.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to an expense of 3.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in benefit of 17.8 million, or 492 , was primarily attributable to fair value adjustments associated with certain public and private warrant liabilities due to decreases in our underlying Class A Common Stock price, offset by fair value adjustments associated with certain warrants issued in connection with the Debt Facility. 
 Provision for income taxes 

For Year Ended 

Change 

(in thousands, except for percentages) 
 
 December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2022/2021 

2022/2021 

(Benefit from) provision for income taxes 

(67) 

97 

(164) 

-169 

Total 

(67) 

97 

(164) 

-169 

53 
 
 Provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 0.16 million, or 169 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in state taxes, including gross margin state taxes, resulting from a favorable ruling by the Texas Supreme Court regarding the determination of state sourced service income. 
 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 A discussion regarding our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the results for the year ended December 31, 2020 can be found under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of Dave Results of Operations in our Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on August 22, 2022 , which is available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to our results determined in accordance with GAAP, we believe the following non-GAAP measure is useful in evaluating our operational performance. We use the following non-GAAP measure to evaluate our ongoing operations and for internal planning and forecasting purposes. We believe that the non-GAAP financial information may be helpful in assessing our operating performance and facilitates an alternative comparison among fiscal periods. The non-GAAP financial measure is not, and should not be viewed as, a substitute for GAAP reporting measures. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net loss adjusted for interest expense, net, provision for income taxes, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation and other discretionary items determined by management. Adjusted EBITDA is intended as a supplemental measure of our performance that is neither required by, nor presented in accordance with, GAAP. We believe that the use of Adjusted EBITDA provides an additional tool for investors to use in evaluating ongoing operating results and trends and in comparing our financial measures with those of comparable companies, which may present similar non-GAAP financial measures to investors. However, you should be aware that, when evaluating Adjusted EBITDA, we may incur future expenses similar to those excluded when calculating these measures. In addition, our presentation of these measures should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. Our computation of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures computed by other companies, because all companies may not calculate Adjusted EBITDA in the same fashion. 
 Because of these limitations, Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for performance measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and using Adjusted EBITDA on a supplemental basis. The reconciliation of net loss to Adjusted EBITDA below should be reviewed, and no single financial measure should be relied upon to evaluate our business. 
 The following table reconciles net loss to Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31 2022 and 2021, respectively: 
 
 54 

For Year Ended 

(in thousands) 
 
 December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net loss 

(128,906) 

(19,993) 

Interest expense, net 

6,244 

2,258 

(Benefit from) provision for income taxes 

(67) 

97 

Depreciation and amortization 

6,661 

2,976 

Stock-based compensation 

40,639 

7,381 

Legal settlement and litigation expenses 

6,282 

1,667 

Other strategic financing and transactional expenses 

4,591 

264 

Gain on extinguishment of liability 

(4,290) 

- 

Changes in fair value of earnout liabilities 

(9,629) 

- 

Changes in fair value of derivative asset on loans to stockholders 

5,572 

(34,791) 

Changes in fair value of warrant liabilities 

(14,192) 

3,620 

Adjusted EBITDA 

(87,095) 

(36,521) 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Since inception, we have financed our operations primarily from the issuance of preferred stock, issuances of convertible notes, funds from borrowings under the Debt Facility and the Credit Facility, and funds received as a result of the Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and short-term investments balance was 192.0 million and 40.2 million, respectively. 
 As an early-stage company, the expenses we have incurred since inception are consistent with our strategy and approach to capital allocation. We expect to incur net losses in accordance with our operating plan as we continue to expand and improve upon our financial platform. 
 Our ability to access capital when needed is not assured and, if capital is not available to Dave when, and in the amounts needed, Dave could be required to delay, scale back or abandon some or all of our development programs and other operations, which could materially harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 We believe that our cash on hand should be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure requirements for a period of at least 12 months from the date of this report and sufficient to fund our operations. We may raise additional capital through private or public equity or debt financings. The amount and timing of our future funding requirements, if any, will depend on many factors, including the pace and results of our product development efforts. No assurances can be provided that additional funding will be available at terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may significantly curtail our operations, modify existing strategic plans and/or dispose of certain operations or assets. 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 While the effect of COVID-19 and other macro-economic factors have created economic uncertainty and impacted how we manage our liquidity and capital resources, we intend to continue to invest in people, marketing and user acquisition, technology and infrastructure, and new and existing financial products and programs we believe are critical to meeting our strategic objectives. As growth of our ExtraCash product scales, material cash will be required to fund advances until the point at which those advances are subsequently collected. The amount and timing of these related cash outflows in future periods are difficult to predict and is dependent on a number of factors including the hiring of new employees, the rate of change in technology used in our business and our business outlook as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. While we anticipate certain cash outflows related to these objectives could exceed amounts spent in prior years, we expect to fund these cash outflows primarily through our cash flows provided by operating, investing and financing activities. 
 We may use cash to acquire businesses and technologies. The nature of these transactions, however, makes it difficult to predict the amount and timing of such cash requirements. 
 55 
 
 In the normal course of business, we enter into various agreements with our vendors that may subject us to minimum annual requirements. While our contractual commitments will have an impact on our future liquidity, we believe that we will be able to adequately fulfill these obligations through cash generated from operations and from our existing cash balances. Dave does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined by the SEC regulations. 
 In response to our remote employee workforce strategy in the U.S., we have not yet closed our leased office locations. We are required to continue making our contractual payments until our operating leases are formally terminated or expire. Our remaining leases have terms of 10 months to 3 years, subject to renewal options of varying terms, and as of December 31, 2022, we had a total lease liability of 0.8 million. See Note 15, Leases in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022. 
 We also have certain contractual payment obligations for principal and interest owed under the Debt Facility. Interest payments are required to be made on a monthly basis. At December 31, 2022, 75.0 million of term loans under the Debt Facility were outstanding. See Note 13, Debt and Credit Facility in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements in this report. Additionally, we also have certain contractual payment obligations for interest owed under the 100.0 million Note we issued and sold pursuant to the Purchase Agreement entered into with FTX Ventures. Interest payments relating to the Note are required to be made or added to the outstanding principal on a semi-annual basis. At December 31, 2022, 2.4 million of interest was added to the outstanding principal. For more information on the Purchase Agreement with FTX Ventures, see Note 10, Convertible Note Payable. 
 Cash Flows Summary 

(in thousands) 
 
 For Year Ended 

Total cash (used in) provided by: 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Operating activities 

(44,883) 

(541) 

Investing activities 

(285,579) 

(37,202) 

Financing activities 

321,767 

65,046 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

(8,695) 

27,303 

Cash Flows From Operating Activities 
 We recorded a net loss of 128.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and a net loss of 20.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. We reported cash flows used in operating activities of 44.9 million and 0.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities increased compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 due to increases in processing costs, marketing, compensation and other operating expenses to support the growth of the business. Excluding non-cash impacts, changes in cash flows from operations included an increase in receivables related to revenue from Member advances of 6.8 million, an increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets of 6.8 million, a decrease in accrued expenses of 1.7 million, and a decrease in other current liabilities of 0.3 million. These changes were offset primarily by an increase in legal settlement accrual of 5.7 million, a decrease in prepaid income taxes of 0.6 million, and an increase in accounts payable of 0.3 million. 
 Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 included a net loss of 20.0 million, adjusted for non-cash items of 3.1 million for depreciation and amortization, 32.2 million for provision for unrecoverable advances, 3.6 million for an increase in warrant liability fair value, and 7.4 million for stock-based compensation expense, partially offset by 34.8 million for an increase in derivative asset fair value. Excluding non-cash impacts, changes in cash flows from operations included an increase in receivables related to revenue from Member advances of 2.3 million, a decrease in other current liabilities of 1.6 million and a decrease in other non-current liabilities of 0.5 million. These changes were offset primarily by a decrease in prepaid income taxes of 2.6 
 56 
 
 million, an increase in accounts payable of 2.6 million, an increase in accrued expenses of 7.1 million, and an increase in legal settlement accrual of 0.5 million. 
 Cash Flows From Investing Activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities was 285.6 million. This included payments for internally developed software costs of 8.6 million, the purchase of property and equipment of 0.7 million, net disbursements and collections of Member advances of 114.3 million, the purchase of short-term investments of 202.1 million, and the purchase of marketable securities of 317.7 million, offset by the sale of marketable securities of 325.6 million and the sale and maturity of short-term investments of 32.2 million. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in investing activities was 37.2 million. This included an increase in net disbursements and collections of Member advances of 40.2 million the capitalization of internally developed software costs of 6.1 million, and the purchase of property and equipment of 0.4 million, partially offset by the sale of marketable securities of 9.4 million. 
 Cash Flows From Financing Activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities was 321.8 million, which consisted of 195.0 million in proceeds from PIPE financing in connection with the Business Combination, 29.7 million in proceeds from the Business Combination, net of redemptions, 0.6 million in proceeds from stock option exercises, 100 million in proceeds from borrowings related to the Purchase Agreement with FTX Ventures, and 40.0 million related to debt facility borrowings, partially offset by 23.0 million for the payment of issuance costs related to the Business Combination, 20.0 million related to the repayment of the credit facility borrowings, and 0.5 million related to the repurchase of Class A Common Stock. For more information on the Business Combination, see Business Combination and Public Company Costs . 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 65.0 million, which consisted of 70.0 million in borrowings and 1.7 million in proceeds from for stock option exercises, partially offset by 3.9 million in line of credit repayments and 2.8 million in issuance cost payments. The 70 million in borrowings consisted of 55.0 million under the Debt Facility and 15.0 million from a pre-funding of Alameda Research s PIPE Investment. For more information on the Credit Facility and Alameda Research s PIPE Investment, see Note 13, Debt and Credit Facility and Note 3, The Reverse Recapitalization and Related Transactions. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our audited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S GAAP. The preparation of these audited consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the audited consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported revenues and expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our critical accounting estimates and assumptions are evaluated on an ongoing basis including those related to the following: 
 (i) Fair value of a derivative asset; 
 (ii) Fair value of warrant liabilities; 
 (iii) Fair value of earnout liabilities; 
 (iv) Allowance for unrecoverable advances; 
 (v) Fair value of common stock; and 
 (vi) Income taxes. 
 57 
 
 Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe that the accounting estimates discussed below are critical to understanding our historical and future performance, as these estimates relate to the more significant areas involving management s judgments and estimates. Please refer to Note 2 in our accompanying audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 While our significant accounting estimates are described in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements, we believe that the following accounting estimates require a greater degree of judgment and complexity and are the most critical to understanding our financial condition and historical and future results of operations. 
 Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. 
 Derivative Asset 
 We recorded a derivative asset related to call option on loans to stockholders. The derivative asset was carried at its estimated fair value on our audited consolidated balance sheets and was extinguished as at the close of the Business Combination as all of the call options related to the Loans to Stockholders were exercised and the related loans were settled. Changes in the estimated fair value of the derivative asset were driven by changes in the underlying value of our Common stock and any changes in fair value were reported as a loss (gain) on derivatives in the accompanying audited consolidated statements of operations. We utilized the binomial option pricing model to compute the fair value of the derivative asset and to mark to market the fair value of the derivative at each balance sheet date. The binomial option-pricing model considers a range of assumptions related to the fair value of common stock (see below Fair Value of Common Stock for further details), volatility, dividend yield and risk-free interest rate. The binomial option pricing model includes subjective input assumptions that can materially affect the fair value estimates. 
 Warrant Liabilities 
 We recorded a warrant liability associated with the Debt Facility. The warrant liability was carried on our audited consolidated balance sheets as a long-term liability estimated at fair value and extinguished immediately prior to close of the Business Combination as the warrants were exercised. Changes in the estimated fair value of this warrant liability were driven by changes in the underlying value of our Common stock and were reported as a loss (gain) in the accompanying audited consolidated statements of operations. We utilized the binomial option-pricing model to compute the fair value and to mark to market the fair value of the warrant liability at each audited consolidated balance sheet date. The binomial option-pricing model considers a range of assumptions related to the fair value of common stock (see below Fair Value of Common Stock for further details), volatility, dividend yield and risk-free interest rate. The binomial option pricing model includes subjective input assumptions that can materially affect the fair value estimates. 
 We also recorded warrant liabilities for both public and private warrants associated with the Business Combination. The warrant liabilities are carried on our audited consolidated balance sheets as a long-term liability estimated at fair value. Changes in the estimated fair value of the warrant liabilities were driven by changes in the underlying value of our Common stock and were reported as a loss (gain) in the accompanying audited consolidated statements of operations. We utilize the Black-Scholes model to compute the fair value and to mark to market the fair value of the private placement warrant liability at the time of the Business Combination and at each audited consolidated balance sheet date. The public warrants were valued using the Black-Scholes model and public trading price of the warrants, when available. The Black-Scholes model considers a range of assumptions such as stock price, strike price, volatility, time to maturity, dividend yield and risk-free interest rate. The Black-Scholes pricing model includes subjective input assumptions that can materially affect the fair value estimates. 
 Earnout Liabilities 
 We recorded earnout liabilities associated with the Business Combination. The earnout liabilities are carried on our audited consolidated balance sheets as a long-term liability estimated at fair value. Changes in the estimated fair 
 58 
 
 value of the earnout liabilities are reported as a loss (gain) in the accompanying audited consolidated statements of operations. We utilized a Monte Carlo Simulation Method to compute the fair value and to mark to market the fair value of the earnout liabilities at each audited consolidated balance sheet date. The Monte Carlo Simulation Method considers a range of assumptions such as stock price, volatility, and risk-free interest rate. The Monte Carlo Simulation Method includes subjective input assumptions that can materially affect the fair value estimates. 
 Fair Value of Common Stock 
 We are required to estimate the fair value of the common stock underlying our share-based awards. The fair value of the common stock underlying our stock-based awards has been determined, in each case, based on a valuation model as discussed further below, and was approved by our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors intends all stock options granted to be exercisable at a price per share not less than the fair value per share of the ordinary share underlying those stock options on the date of grant. 
 Before the Company's shares were traded publicly, there was no public market for its Common Stock. The valuation has been determined using appropriate valuation methodologies in accordance with the guidelines outlined in the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Practice Guide, Valuation of Privately Held Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation. 
 We considered various objective and subjective factors to determine the fair value of our common stock as of each grant date, including: 
 Historical financial performance; 

Our business strategy; 

Industry information, such as external market conditions and trends; 

Likelihood of achieving a liquidity event, such as an initial public offering, SPAC merger, or strategic sale given prevailing market conditions and the nature and history of our business; 

Prices, privileges, powers, preferences and rights of our convertible preferred stock relative to those of Dave Common Stock; 

Forecasted cash flow projections for Dave s business; 

Publicly traded price of the special purpose acquisition company SPAC ); 

Primary preferred stock financings and secondary common stock transactions of our equity securities; 

Lack of marketability/illiquidity of the common stock underlying our stock-based awards involving securities in a private company; and 

Macroeconomic conditions. 

The assumptions underlying these valuations represented management s best estimate, which involved inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. The probability of a liquidity event, the derived discount rate, and the selected multiples that are applied to our financial statistics are significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of our common stock. If we had used different assumptions or estimates, the fair value of our common stock and our stock-based compensation expense could have been materially different. 
 During 2019 and 2020, our estimated fair value of our common stock remained relatively consistent before a potential public listing through a business combination with a special purpose acquisition company was first considered in 2021 SPAC Transaction ). 
 The fair value for our common stock was estimated to be 29.92 per share (on a post-split adjusted basis) as of August 5, 2019 August 2019 Valuation and 31.39 (on a post-split adjusted basis) per share as of August 30, 2020 August 2020 Valuation ). In 2021, our management team first contemplated a SPAC Transaction, which was incorporated in the June 7, 2021 valuation that resulted in a fair value for our common stock of 277.44 per share (on a post-split adjusted basis) June 2021 Valuation ). The SPAC Transaction was considered in the subsequent 
 59 
 
 valuation performed as of October 6, 2021 that resulted in a fair value for Dave s common stock of 345.60 per share (on a post-split adjusted basis) October 2021 Valuation ). 
 The August 2019 Valuation and August 2020 Valuations were completed prior to the contemplation of the Business Combination, and at the time of these valuations our management did not expect a near-term exit. The August 2019 Valuation was performed at the time of the close of Dave s Series B-1 and B-2 preferred equity financings Series B Financing ). Since no near-term exit was expected, the August 2019 Valuation was performed using the market approach, specifically the subject company transaction method was performed using a single option pricing model OPM as the allocation method. As a result, the fair value of our common stock was inferred from the Series B Financing. The August 2020 Valuation was performed using the market approach, specifically the guideline public company method GPCM and used a single OPM as the allocation methodology. The GPCM was performed by first considering the Series B Financing s implied revenue multiple from the August 2019 valuation report, and then was adjusted based on changes in the guideline public company s multiples since the Series B Financing occurred, with consideration for adjustments based on our comparative operational performance between the periods. 
 The June 2021 Valuation and October 2021 Valuation both used the hybrid method, wherein a probability-weighted expected return model PWERM incorporated an expected near-term SPAC exit scenario as well as an OPM. The OPM was used to model the value of common stock in a delayed exit/stay private scenario. Total equity values for each scenario management identified were estimated as of the measurement date. The delayed exit/stay private scenario total equity value was estimated using the discounted cash flow method under the income approach and the GPCM under the market approach. The total equity value in the SPAC Transaction scenario included in the June 2021 Valuation was determined based on the expected Business Combination pre-money valuation. The common stock price per share in the SPAC Transaction scenario included in the October 2021 Valuation was determined based on the publicly traded price of the SPAC as of the valuation date. Our management s estimated probability for each scenario occurring at each valuation date was applied to the respective scenario s indicated common stock value to arrive at the estimated fair value of common stock. 
 The increase in the fair value of our common stock between the August 2019 and August 2020 Valuations, and the June 2021 Valuation and the October 2021 Valuation was predominantly due to our progress towards completing the Business Combination that was not known or knowable at the earlier valuation dates. As previously discussed, the August 2019 Valuation utilized the Series B financing to determine the value of common stock in a single OPM. The August 2020 Valuation relied upon the GPCM with valuation multiples selected considering the implied multiples at the time of the Series B Financing, with appropriate adjustments to the multiples to account for changes in our financial and operational performance as well as to reflect changes in the guideline public companies multiples and comparative performance, from the close of the Series B financing to the August 2020 valuation date. In early 2021, we first contemplated a SPAC Transaction and began taking the necessary steps to prepare for a business combination with VPCC. The necessary steps undertaken to prepare for the Business Combination included meeting with VPCC and investment bankers, discussing timing expectations, and negotiating the preliminary letter of intent with VPCC. As our ongoing negotiations related to the Business Combination reflected an increased likelihood of a near-term exit transaction and/or liquidity event, the valuation of Dave s equity as of the June 2021 Valuation took into consideration the indicated equity value implied by the negotiations as well as the uncertainty inherent in the future key milestones including execution of the Merger Agreement and VPCC s shareholder vote. Similarly, the increase in the common stock value to 345.60 per share in the October 2021 Valuation resulted primarily from an increase in the probability of the near-term SPAC Transaction closing and an increase in the value of common stock in that scenario due to the passage of time and an increase in the SPAC s publicly traded price as compared to the SPAC Transaction s negotiated pre-money valuation. As a result, the increase in Dave s common stock fair value between the valuation dates resulted directly from both the increase in the pre-money valuation and acceleration of the timing of an exit, from the Series B Financing to the Business Combination. 
 For further details, please refer to Note 2 in our accompanying audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Allowance for Unrecoverable Advances 
 We maintain an allowance for unrecoverable advances at a level estimated to be adequate to absorb credit losses inherent in outstanding Member advances. We currently estimate the allowance balance required using historical 
 60 
 
 loss and collections experience, and, if relevant, the nature and volume of the portfolio, economic conditions, and other factors such as cash received subsequent to period-end. Interpretations of the nature of volume of the portfolio and projections of future economic conditions involve a high degree of subjectivity. Changes to the allowance have a direct impact on the provision for unrecoverable advances in the audited consolidated statement of operations. 
 We consider advances over 120 days past due or which become uncollectible based on information available to us as impaired. All impaired advances are deemed uncollectible and subsequently written-off and are a direct reduction to the allowance for unrecoverable advances. Subsequent recoveries of Member advances written-off, if any, are recorded as a reduction to Member advances when collected, resulting in a reduction to the allowance for unrecoverable advances and a corresponding reduction to the provision for unrecoverable advances expense in the audited consolidated statements of operations. 
 Income Taxes 
 We follow ASC 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ), which requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the audited consolidated financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are based on the differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the period in which the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent management concludes it is more-likely-than-not that the asset will not be realized. 
 ASC 740 provides that a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position may be recognized when it is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained in a court of last resort, based on the technical merits. If more-likely-than-not, the amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 likely of being realized upon examination, including compromise settlements. For tax positions not meeting the more-likely-than-not threshold, no tax benefit is recorded. We have estimated 0.9 million and 0.5 million of uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to state income taxes and federal and state R D tax credits. 
 We are subject to income tax in jurisdictions in which we operate, including the United States. For U.S. income tax purposes, we are taxed as a Subchapter C corporation. 
 We recognize deferred taxes for temporary differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. We recorded a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets, net of certain deferred tax liabilities, at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Based upon management s assessment of all available evidence, we have concluded that it is more-likely-than-not that the deferred tax assets, net of certain deferred tax liabilities, will not be realized. 
 Emerging Growth Company Status 
 We are an emerging growth company as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and have elected to take advantage of the benefits of the extended transition period for new or revised financial accounting standards. We expect to remain an emerging growth company and to continue to take advantage of the benefits of the extended transition period, although we may decide to early adopt such new or revised accounting standards to the extent permitted by such standards. We expect to use this extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and non-public companies until the earlier of the date we (i) are no longer an emerging growth company or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. This may make it difficult or impossible to compare our financial results with the financial results of another public company that is either not an emerging growth company or is an emerging growth company that has chosen not to take advantage of the extended transition period exemptions because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. See Note 2 of our accompanying audited consolidated financial statements included in this report for the recent accounting pronouncements adopted and the recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 61 
 
 In addition, we intend to rely on the other exemptions and reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act for emerging growth companies. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if we intend to rely on such exemptions, we are not required to, among other things: (a) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; (b) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; (c) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audited consolidated financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis); and (d) disclose certain executive compensation-related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the Chief Executive Officer s compensation to median employee compensation. 
 We will remain an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act until the earliest of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following March 4, 2026, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC, which means the market value of our common equity that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of the prior fiscal year s second fiscal quarter; and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the previous three years. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 Refer to Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, of our audited consolidated financial statements included in this report for a discussion of the impact of recent accounting pronouncements. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Not required for smaller reporting companies. 
 
 62 
 
 Ite m 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 DAVE INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 
 64 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 66 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 68 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 69 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 70 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 71 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 73 

63 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REG ISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Dave Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Dave Inc. and subsidiary (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California March 13, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2022. 
 64 
 
 Report of Moss Adams LLP 
 
 The Shareholders and the Board of Directors Dave Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Dave Inc. and subsidiary (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ Moss Adams LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 March 25, 2022 
 (except for the effects of the reverse recapitalization described in Note 3, as to which the date is August 22, 2022, and the effects of the 1-for-32 reverse stock split described in Notes 2 and 22, as to which the date is March 13, 2023) 
 
 We served as the Company s auditor from 2018 to 2022. 
 65 
 
 Dave Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands; except share data) 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities 

Member advances, net of allowance for unrecoverable advances of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Short-term investments 

Prepaid income taxes 

Deferred issuance costs 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Lease right-of-use assets (related-party of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 

Intangible assets, net 

Derivative asset on loans to stockholders 

Debt facility commitment fee, long-term 

Restricted cash 

Other non-current assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities, and stockholders equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Lease liabilities, short-term (related-party of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 

Legal settlement accrual 

Note payable 

Credit facility 

Convertible debt, current 

Interest payable, convertible notes, current 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Lease liabilities, long-term (related-party of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 

Debt facility, long-term 

Convertible debt, long-term 

Warrant liabilities 

Earnout liabilities 

Other non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value per share , shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class A common stock, par value per share , shares authorized; and shares issued at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; 

Class V common stock, par value per share , shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; 

Treasury stock 

() 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 
 () 

Loans to stockholders 

() 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 () 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities, and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 66 
 
 Dave Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets, Continued 
 (in thousands; except share data) 
 
 The following table presents the assets and liabilities of a consolidated variable interest entity VIE ), which are included in the consolidated balance sheets above. The assets in the table below may only be used to settle obligations of consolidated VIEs and are in excess of those obligations. All intercompany accounts have been eliminated. 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Member advances, net of allowance for unrecoverable advances 

Debt facility commitment fee, current 

Debt facility commitment fee, long-term 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Current portion of debt facility 

Other current liabilities 

Long-term debt facility 

Warrant liability 

Total liabilities 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 67 
 
 Dave Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Op erations 
 (in thousands; except share data) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Operating revenues: 

Service based revenue, net 

Transaction based revenue, net 

Total operating revenues, net 

Operating expenses: 

Provision for unrecoverable advances 

Processing and servicing costs 

Advertising and marketing 

Compensation and benefits 

Other operating expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Other (income) expenses: 

Interest income 

() 

() 

Interest expense 

Legal settlement and litigation expenses 

Other strategic financing and transactional expenses 

Gain on extinguishment of liability 

() 

Changes in fair value of earnout liabilities 

() 

Changes in fair value of derivative asset on loans to stockholders 

() 

Changes in fair value of public and private warrant liabilities 

() 

Total other income, net 

() 

() 

Net loss before (benefit from) provision for income taxes 

() 

() 

(Benefit from) provision for income taxes 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Net loss per share: 

Basic 

() 

() 

Diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted-average shares used to compute net loss per share 

Basic 

Diluted 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 68 
 
 Dave Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net loss 

() 
 
 () 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities 

() 
 
 - 

Comprehensive loss 

() 
 
 () 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 69 
 
 Dave Inc. 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockhol ders Equity 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

Common stock 

Class A 

Class V 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Loans to stockholders 
 
 Treasury stock 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 
 Total stockholders equity 

Shares 
 
 Amount 

Shares 
 
 Amount 

Balance at January 1, 2021 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 
 - 

() 

Issuance of Class A common stock in connection with stock plans 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 
 
 - 

Vesting of stock option early exercises 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stockholder loans interest and amendment 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 
 
 - 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 () 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 
 - 

() 

Issuance of Class A common stock in connection with stock plans 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 
 
 - 

Issuance of Class A common stock pursuant to the PIPE financing 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of Class A common stock pursuant to the Merger Agreement 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Exercise of Series B-1 preferred stock warrants, net of settlement 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Conversion of 2019 convertible notes and accrued interest to Class A common stock 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Repurchase of Class A common stock 

() 
 
 - 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Exercise of warrant for Class A common stock 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stockholder loans interest 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 - 

- 

- 

() 

Exercise of derivative asset and paydown of stockholder loans 

() 
 
 - 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Extinguishment of liability 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 
 
 - 

Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 - 

() 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 () 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 () 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 70 
 
 Dave Inc. 
 Consolidated Statemen ts of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Operating activities 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Provision for unrecoverable advances 

Changes in fair value of derivative asset on loans to stockholders 

() 

Changes in fair value of earnout liabilities 

() 

Changes in fair value of warrant liabilities 

() 

Disposal of property and equipment 

- 

Gain on extinguishment of liability 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Non-cash interest 

() 

Non-cash lease expense 

() 

Changes in fair value of marketable securities and short-term investments 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Member advances, service revenue 

() 

() 

Prepaid income taxes 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

() 

Legal settlement accrual 

Other current liabilities 

() 

() 

Other non-current liabilities 

() 

Other non-current assets 

() 

Interest payable, convertible notes 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Investing activities 

Payments for internally developed software costs 

() 

() 

Purchase of property and equipment 

() 

() 

Net disbursements and collections of Member advances 

() 

() 

Purchase of short-term investments 

() 

Sale and maturity of short-term investments 

Purchase of marketable securities 

() 

() 

Sale of marketable securities 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

Financing activities 

Repayment on line of credit 

() 

Proceeds from PIPE offering 

Proceeds from escrow account 

Payment of issuance costs 

() 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock for stock option exercises 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

Proceeds from borrowings on convertible debt 

Proceeds from borrowings on debt and credit facilities 

Repayment of borrowings on credit facility 

() 

- 

71 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of the year 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of the year 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Operating lease right of use assets recognized 

Operating lease liabilities recognized 

Property and equipment purchases in accounts payable 

Conversion of convertible preferred stock to Class A common stock in connection with the reverse recapitalization 

Recapitalization transaction costs liability incurred 

Conversion of convertible notes and accrued interest to Class A common stock in connection with the reverse recapitalization 

Conversion of B-1 warrants to Class A common stock in connection with the reverse recapitalization 

Discharge of PIPE promissory note in connection with the reverse recapitalization 

Vesting of common stock exercised early 

Amendment to loan to stockholder 

Supplemental disclosure of cash (received) paid for: 

Income taxes 

() 

() 

Interest 

The following table provides a reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash reported within the consolidated balance sheet with the same as shown in the consolidated statement of cash flows. 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of year 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 72 
 
 for access to as little as of overdraft, whereas many others in the financial services sector do not allow for overdraft at all. Dave invented a short-term liquidity alternative called ExtraCash, which allows Members to advance funds to their account and avoid a fee altogether. Members may now receive an advance of up to and may only have one advance outstanding at any given time. Dave Banking: Dave offers a full-service digital checking account through its partnership with Evolve Bank and Trust Evolve ). The Dave Spending Account does not have overdraft or minimum balance fees. Budget: Dave's automated financial management tool leverages historical bank account data to help Members understand both recurring and commonly occurring charges. Budget notifies Members when there is a chance of an overdraft, and allows Members to qualify for Dave s ExtraCash product for up to of additional liquidity. Dave charges a monthly subscription for access to the Budget product. Side Hustle: Dave seeks to help Members improve their financial health by presenting new job opportunities to them. Through Dave s partnership with leading employers, Members can quickly submit applications and improve their income with flexible employment. Surveys: Dave recently launched Surveys product allows for additional earning opportunities, allowing Members to take paid surveys anytime within the Dave mobile application. This functionality drives engagement within the Dave ecosystem and deepens the Company's relationship to its Members financial wellbeing. Business Combination On January 5, 2022 (the Closing Date ), the Company consummated the previously announced transaction (pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated June 7, 2021 (the Business Combination Agreement ), by and among Dave Inc. (prior to the Mergers (as defined below), hereinafter referred to as Legacy Dave ), VPCC, Bear Merger Company I Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned Subsidiaries of VPCC First Merger Sub ), and Bear Merger Company II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct wholly owned Subsidiaries of VPCC Second Merger Sub ). On January 5, 2022, pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, First Merger Sub merged with and into Legacy Dave (the First Merger ), with Legacy Dave surviving the First Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of VPCC (such company, in its capacity as the surviving corporation of the First Merger, the Surviving Corporation ), immediately followed by the Surviving Corporation merging with and into Second Merger Sub (the Second Merger , the Second Merger together with the First Merger, the Mergers and the Mergers together with the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, the Business Combination or the Transactions ), with Second Merger Sub (such entity, following the Second Merger, the Surviving Entity surviving the Second Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of VPCC. Following the Mergers, VPC Impact Acquisition Holdings III, Inc. was renamed Dave Inc. and the Surviving Entity was renamed Dave Operating LLC . On January 5, 2022, the holders of (a) Legacy Dave capital stock and (b) Legacy Dave s options to purchase Legacy Dave capital stock pursuant to Legacy Dave s stock plan (the Legacy Dave Options ), received aggregate merger consideration, consisting of shares of Class A common stock of the Company, par value per share (the Class A Common Stock and shares of Class V common stock of the Company, par value per share (the Class V Common Stock , and together with the Class A Common Stock, the Common Stock ). The Company s Class A Common Stock is now listed on The N asdaq Global Market Nasdaq under the symbol DAVE , and warrants to purchase the Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of per share are listed on Nasdaq under the symbol DAVEW. The audited consolidated financial statements included i n Dave s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 25, 2022 are those of VPCC prior to the consummation of the Business Combination and the name change. The audited consolidated financial statements of Legacy Dave are included in Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on August 22, 2022 prior to the consummation of the Business Combination and the name change. Prior to the Business Combination, VPCC neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue. Until the Business Combination, based on VPCC s business activities, VPCC was a shell company as defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The audited Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 for Legacy Dave were included in Exhibit 99.3 of Amendment No. 1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (the Form 8-K/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on August 22, 2022. 

 . At a special meeting held on December 16, 2022, stockholders approved the reverse stock split. The primary goal of the reverse stock split is to bring the Company s stock price above the share bid price requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq. The effects of the reverse stock split have been reflected in the consolidated financial statements and the footnotes. 
 
 ratio and Series B-1 and Series B-2 convertible preferred stock of Legacy Dave were automatically converted into Legacy Dave common stock at a 1: ratio, which were all converted again, along with all other issued and outstanding common stock of Legacy Dave, into shares of Class A Common Stock and Class V Common Stock at an exchange ratio of (the Exchange Ratio ). Additionally, each of the Company s options that were outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Business C ombination remained outstanding and converted into options for Class A Common Stock and Class V Common Stock equal to the number of the Company s Common Stock, subject to such options multiplied by the Exchange Ratio at an exercise price per share equal to the current exercise price per share for such options divided by the Exchange Ratio, with the aggregate amount of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class V Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such options to be . Retroactive Application of Reverse Recapitalization to the Consolidated Statements of Operations Furthermore, based on the retroactive application of the reverse recapitalization to the Company s Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity, the Company recalculated the weighted average shares for the year ended December 31, 2021. The basic and diluted weighted-average Legacy Dave Common Stock were retroactively converted to Class A Common Stock and Class V Common Stock using the Exchange Ratio to conform to the recast period (for additional information, see discussion of Net Loss Per Share Attributable to Stockholders in Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies below). Retroactive Application of Reverse Recapitalization to the Consolidated Balance Sheets Finally, to conform to the retroactive application of recapitalization to the Company s Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity, the Company reclassified the of Legacy Dave Series A convertible preferred stock, of Legacy Dave Series B-1 convertible preferred stock, and the of Legacy Dave Series B-2 convertible preferred stock to the additional paid-in capital APIC ), less amounts attributable to the par value of the common stock as recast, as of December 31, 2021. 

Tips 

Subscriptions 

Other 

Transaction based revenue, net 

Total 

Service Based Revenue, Net: Service based revenue, net primarily consists of tips, processing fees, and subscriptions charged to Members, net of processor costs associated with advance disbursements. Member advances are treated as financial receivables under ASC 310 Receivables ASC 310 and processing fees, net and tips are also accounted for in accordance with ASC 310. 
 million and million, respectively. 
 
 are received on a monthly basis from Members who subscribe to the Company s application. The Company continually fulfills its obligation to each Member over the subscription term. The series of distinct services represents a single performance obligation that is satisfied over time. The Company recognizes revenue ratably as the Member receives and consumes the benefits of the platform throughout the contract period. Price concessions granted to Members who have insufficient funds when subscription fees are due are forms of variable consideration under the Company s contracts with Members. For price concessions, the Company has elected, as an accounting policy, to account for price concessions for the month at the end of the reporting month based on the actual amount of concessions granted as the impact is considered insignificant. Other service based revenue consists of lead generation fees from the Company s Side Hustle advertising partners. Transaction Based Revenue, Net: Transaction based revenue, net primarily consists of interchange and ATM revenues from the Company s Checking Product, net of certain interchange and ATM-related fees, fees earned from withdrawal-related transactions, volume support from a certain co-branded agreement, and deposit referrals and are recognized at the point in time the transactions occur, as the performance obligations are satisfied and the variable consideration is not constrained. T he Company earns interchange fees from Members spend on Dave-branded debit cards, which are reduced by interchange-related costs payable to fulfillment partners. Interchange revenue is remitted by merchants and represent a percentage of the underlying transaction value processed through a payment network. ATM fees are earned from the Member s usage of out-of-network ATMs, which are reduced by related ATM transaction costs. 

The Company does not provide modifications to advances and does not charge late fees. 
 days past due or which become uncollectible based on information available to the Company as impaired. All impaired advances are deemed uncollectible and subsequently written-off and are a direct reduction to the allowance for unrecoverable advances. Subsequent recoveries of Member advances written-off, if any, are recorded as a reduction to Member advances when collected, resulting in a reduction to the allowance for unrecoverable advances and a corresponding reduction to the provision for unrecoverable advances expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 million and million, respectively. Amortization of internally developed software commences when the software is ready for its intended use (i.e., after all substantial testing is complete). Internally developed software is amortized over its estimated useful life of years. The Company s accounting policy is to perform annual reviews of capitalized internally developed software projects to determine whether any impairment indicators are present as of December 31, or whenever a change in circumstances suggests an impairment indicator is present. If any impairment indicators are present, the Company will perform a recoverability test by comparing the sum of the estimated undiscounted cash flows attributed to the asset group to their carrying value. If the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the remaining use of the asset (i.e., cash flows when testing recoverability) are less than the asset group s carrying value, the Company will determine the fair value of the asset group and recognize an impairment loss as the amount by which the carrying value of the asset group exceeds its fair value. If based on the results of the recoverability test, no impairment is indicated as the remaining undiscounted cash flows exceed the carrying value of the software asset group, the carrying value of the asset group as of the assessment date is deemed fully recoverable. In addition, the Company evaluates the remaining useful life of an intangible asset that is being amortized each reporting period to determine whether events and circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization. If the estimate of an intangible asset s remaining useful life is changed, the remaining carrying value of the intangible asset shall be amortized prospectively over that revised remaining useful life. 
 to years using the straight-line method. Maintenance and repair costs are charged to operations as incurred and included within other operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company s payment processors also collect cash on the Company s behalf and will hold these cash balances temporarily until they are settled the next business day. Also, the Company does not believe its marketable securities are exposed to any significant credit risk due to the quality and nature of the securities in which the money is held. No Member individually exceeded 10 or more of the Company s Member cash advances balances as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Restricted Stock Awards: Restricted stock awards RSAs are valued on the grant date, and the fair value of the RSAs is equal to the estimated fair value of the Company s Common Stock on the grant date. This compensation cost is recognized over the requisite service period as a component of stock-based compensation expense, presented within compensation and benefits in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company recognizes forfeitures as they occur. RSAs Issued to Non-Employees: The Company issues shares of restricted stock to consultants for various advisory and consulting-related services. The Company recognized this expense, measured as the estimated value of the shares issued, as a component of stock-based compensation expense, presented within compensation and benefits in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 million and million, respectively, and is presented within advertising and marketing in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 likely of being realized on examination, including compromise settlements. For tax positions not meeting the more-likely-than-not threshold, no tax benefit is recorded. The Company has estimated million and million of uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to state income taxes. and federal and state R D tax credits. The Company s policy is to recognize interest expense and penalties accrued on any unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense within the statement of operations. The Company recognized million and million of interest expense and penalties as a component of income tax expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were million and million of accrued interest expense and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

() 

Less: noncumulative dividend to convertible preferred stockholders 

Less: undistributed earnings to participating securities 

Net loss attributed to common stockholders basic 

() 
 
 () 

Add: undistributed earnings reallocated to common stockholders 

Net loss attributed to common stockholders diluted 

() 
 
 () 

Denominator 

Weighted-average shares of common stock basic 

Dilutive effect of convertible preferred stock 

Dilutive effect of equity incentive awards 

Weighted-average shares of common stock diluted 

Net loss per share 

Basic 

() 
 
 () 

Diluted 

() 
 
 () 

Convertible debt 

- 

Convertible preferred stock 

- 

Series B-1 warrants 

- 

Total 

processes, consolidated financial statements, and related disclosures, and has determined that the adoption did not have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. In May 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-04, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260) , Debt-Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) , which addresses issuer s accounting for certain modifications or exchanges of freestanding equity-classified written call options. The amendments in this update are effective for all companies for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2021. The Company adopted the standard effective January 1, 2022. The Company has evaluated the effect that the updated standard had on its internal processes, consolidated financial statements, and related disclosures, and has determined that the adoption did not have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes ASU 2019-12 ), as part of its Simplification Initiative to reduce the cost and complexity in accounting for income taxes. The amendments in ASU 2019-12 remove certain exceptions related to the approach for intra-period tax allocation, the methodology for calculating income taxes in an interim period and the recognition of deferred tax liabilities for outside basis differences. ASU 2019-12 also amends other aspects of the guidance to help simplify and promote consistent application of U.S. GAAP. This ASU was effective for most public companies for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2020. Early adoption was permitted. The Company adopted the standard effective January 1, 2022. The Company has evaluated the effect that the updated standard had on its internal processes, condensed consolidated financial statements, and related disclosures, and has determined that the adoption did not have a significant impact on its condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

million were paid, which reduced the proceeds from VPCC and reduced APIC. Additionally, million of the costs were capitalized and included within deferred issuance costs in the consolidated balance sheet for the years ended December 31, 2021, and reduced APIC at closing. The remaining million in transaction costs were accrued for at closing. Upon closing the Business Combination, Legacy Dave received million in cash proceeds after transactions costs of million were paid and released from VPCC s trust account, net of redemptions of million. At closing, each non-redeemed outstanding share of Legacy Dave Class A common stock was converted into share of Class A Common Stock. Upon consummation of the Business Combination, the shares of Legacy Dave held by Legacy Dave shareholders converted into shares of Common Stock, including shares of Class A Common Stock and shares of Class V Common Stock. While the legal acquirer in the Business Combination was VPCC, for accounting and financial reporting purposes under U.S. GAAP, Legacy Dave is the accounting acquirer and the Business Combination was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization. A reverse recapitalization does not result in a new basis of accounting, and the financial statements of the combined entity represent the continuation of the financial statements of Legacy Dave in many respects. Under this method of accounting, VPCC was treated as the acquired company. Accordingly, the consolidated assets, liabilities, and results of operations of Legacy Dave became the historical consolidated financial statements of Dave, and VPCC s assets and liabilities were consolidated with Legacy Dave s on the Closing Date. Operations prior to the Business Combination are presented as those of Dave in reports subsequent to the Closing Date. 

Other assets 

Other current liabilities 

() 

Accrued expenses 

() 

Earned liabilities 

() 

Warrant liability - public 

() 

Warrant liability - private 

() 

Net assets acquired 

Additionally, as part of the recap italization, shares o f VPCC Class A common stock held by founders of VPCC (the Founder Holders were exchanged with shares of Dave Class A Common Stoc k, (or Founder Holder Earnout Shares of which will be subject to forfeiture if the vesting condition is not met over the term following the Closing Date as follows: Sixty percent of the Founder Holder Earnout Shares Founder Holder Earnout Shares) shall immediately become fully vested and no longer subject to forfeiture upon the occurrence of Triggering Event I, which is defined as the first date on which the Common Share Price is equal to or greater than afte r the Closing Date, but within the Earnout Period (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement); provided, that (i) in the event of a change of control pursuant to which Dave Stockholders receive, or have the right to receive, cash, securities or other pr operty attributing a value of at least to each share of Class A Common Stock (as agreed in good faith by the Sponsor and the Board), then Triggering Event I shall be deemed to have occurred and; (ii) in the event that, and as often as, the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock is changed by reason of any dividend, subdivision, reclassification, recapitalization, split, combination, exchange or any similar event, then the applicable Common Share Price (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) threshold (i.e., will, for all purpo ses of the Business Combination Agreement (and an agreement with the Founder Holders (the Founder Holder Agreement )), in each case be equitably adjusted to reflect such change; and The remaining Founder Holder Earnout Shares Founder Holder Earnout Shares) shall immediately become fully vested and no longer subject to forfeiture upon the occurrence of Tr iggering Event II, which is defined as the first date on which the Common Share Price is equal to or greater than after the Closing Date, but within the Earnout Period; provided that (iii) in the event of a change of control pursuant to which Dave Stockholders receive, or have the right to receive, cash, securities or other property attributing a value of at least to each share of Class A Common Stock (as agreed in good faith by Sponsor and the Board), then Triggering Event II shall be deemed to have occurred and; (iv) in the event that, and as often as, the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock is changed by reason of any dividend, subdivision, reclassification, recapitalization, split, combination, exchange or any similar event, then the applicable Common Share Price threshold (i.e., wi ll, for all purposes of the Business Combination Agreement (and the Founder Holder Agreement), in each case be equitably adjusted to reflect such change. The Founder Holder Earnout Shares were recognized at fair value upon the closing of the Business Combination and classified as a liability. The issuance of the Founder Holder Earnout Shares were recorded as a liability with the offsetting amount within APIC because the Business Combination is accounted for as a reverse recapitalization. The Founder Holder Earnout Shares will be remeasured to fair value at each reporting period end with changes in fair value going through the statements of operations. Pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, all of the issued and outstanding Series A, Series B-1 and Series B-2 redeemable convertible preferred stock and series A redeemable convertible preferred stock converted into shares of Legacy Dave common stock immediately prior to the Business Combination. Then, as of the closing of the Business Combination, all outstanding shares of Legacy Dave common stock converted into shares of Class A Common Stock and Class V Common Stock. Additionally, each of Legacy Dave options and warrants that were outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Business Combination remained outstanding and converted into options and warrants for Dave Class A and Class V Common Stock equal to the number of the Company s common stock, subject to such options or warrants, multiplied by the Exchange Ratio at an exercise price per share equal to the current exercise price per share for such option or warrant divided by the Exchange Ratio, with the aggregate amount of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class V Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such options and warran ts to be . Concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, VPCC entered into Subscription Agreements (the Subscription Agreement with certain investors (the Subscription Investors pursuant to which the Subscription Investors agreed to purchase, and the Company agreed to sell to the Subscription Investors, an aggregate of shares of the Class A Common Stock for a purchase price of per share, or an aggregate of million in gross cash proceeds (the PIPE Financing ). On August 17, 2021 Alameda Research, a Subscription Investor agreed to pre-fund its obligation under the original Subscription Agreement to subscribe for shares of Class A Common Stock for million of th e aggregate PIPE Financing subscription amount. On August 17, 2021, Legacy Dave issued a promissory note with a principal amount of million to Alameda Research and amended the Subscription Agreement to satisfy Alameda Research s obligation to pay the million purchase price under the Alameda Subscription Agreement by way of a full discharge of Legacy Dave s obligations to pay the principal under the promissory note. Upon the closing of the Business Combination, the promissory note was automatically discharged upon the Company s issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock to Alameda Research. The closing of the private placement occurred immediately prior to the closing date. 

Common stock activity between December 31, 2021 and January 5, 2022 

Exercise of derivative asset and paydown of stockholder loans 

() 
 
 - 

Issuance of Class A common stock for stock option exercises 

- 

Repurchase of Class A common stock 

() 
 
 - 

Common stock outstanding prior to the Business Combination 

Conversion of preferred stock to Class A common stock 

- 

Common stock attributable to VPCC 

- 

Adjustment related to Reverse Recapitalization 

- 

Founder Holder shares 

- 

Conversion of 2019 convertible notes and accrued interest to Class A common stock 

- 

Exercise of Series B-1 preferred stock warrants, net of settlement 

- 

Issuance of Class A common stock pursuant to the PIPE financing 

- 

Total shares of common stock as of closing of Business Combination and related transactions 

The corresponding adjustment to APIC related to the reverse recapitalization was comprised of (i) million which represents the fair value of the consideration transferred in the Business Combination, less the excess of the fair value of the shares issued over the value of the net monetary assets of VPCC, net of transaction costs and (ii) million which represents the conversion of the convertible preferred stock into Dave Class A Common Stock. 
 There were Dave options outstanding immediately after the Business Combination. Following the Business Combination, Dave warrants to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock, consisted of (i) public warrants listed on the Nasdaq and (ii) private warrants, each with an exercise price of per share, re mained outstanding. 

Total 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s marketable securities consisted of investments in a publicly traded money market mutual fund with a ticket symbol SSPXX. The underlying money market instruments were primarily comprised of certificates of deposit and financial company asset backed commercial paper. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the investment portfolio had a weighted-average maturity of days and days, respectively. The gain recognized in connection with the investment in marketable securities for the year ended December 31, 2022, was approximately million and recorded as a component of interest income in the consolidated statements of operations. The loss recognized in connection with the investment in marketable securities for the year ended December 31, 2021, was million and was recorded as a component of interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 

- 

() 

Asset-backed securities 

- 

() 

Government securities 

- 

Total 

() 

At December 31, 2022, the Company s short-term investments consisted of investments in corporate bonds and notes, asset backed securities, and government securities with varying maturity dates between 2023 through 2027. At December 31, 2021, the Company had short-term investments. 

() 

11-30 

() 

31-60 

() 

61-90 

() 

91-120 

() 

Total 

() 

Below is a detail of Member cash advances, net as of December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 

Days From Origination 
 
 Gross Member Advances 

Allowance for Unrecoverable Advances 

Member Advances, Net 

1-10 

() 

11-30 

() 

31-60 

() 

61-90 

() 

91-120 

() 

Total 

() 

Member advances, net, represent outstanding advances, tips, and processing fees, net of direct origination costs, less an allowance for unrecoverable advances. 

Plus: provision for unrecoverable advances 

Less: amounts written-off 

() 

Ending allowance balance at December 31, 2022 

Opening allowance balance at January 1, 2021 

Plus: provision for unrecoverable advances 

Less: amounts written-off 

() 

Ending allowance balance at December, 2021 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture and fixtures 

Total property and equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was approximately million and million, respectively. 

 89 
 
 Years 

() 

() 

Domain name 
 
 Years 

() 

() 

Intangible assets, net 

() 

() 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total future amortization 

Amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was million and million, respectively. impairment charges were recognized related to long-lived assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Amortization expense related to change in useful life of a certain definite-lived intangible asset for the year ended December 31, 2022 was million, respectively. Amortization expense related to change in useful life of a certain definite-lived intangible asset for the year ended December 31, 2021 was million. 

Accrued compensation 

Sales tax payable 

Accrued professional and program fees 

Other 

Total 

Accrued charitable contributions includes amounts the Company has pledged related to charitable meal donations. The Company uses a portion of tips received to make a charitable cash donation to third parties who use the funds to provide meals to those in need. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company pledged million and million related to charitable donations, respectively. These costs are expensed as incurred and are presented within other general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Other Current Liabilities 

Others 

Total 

Other current liabilities includes deferred transaction costs associated with the Business Combination. These transaction costs were also capitalized and included within APIC in the consolidated balance sheets. 

 million (the Note ). The Note bears interest at a rate of per year (compounded semiannually), payable semi-annually in arrears on June 30th and December 31st of each year. Interest may be paid in-kind or in cash, at the Company s option. (the Maturity Date after the date of the initial issuance of the Note (the Issuance Date ), the Company will pay the Purchaser the sum of (i) the outstanding principal amount of the Note, plus (ii) all accrued but unpaid interest thereon, plus (iii) all expenses incurred by the Purchaser (the Redemption Price ). Payment of the Redemption Price on the Maturity Date will constitute a redemption of the Note in whole. During the term of the Note, the Note will be convertible into shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, at the option of the Purchaser, upon delivery on one or more occasions of a written notice to the Company electing to convert the Note or all of any portion of the outstanding principal amount of the Note. The initial conversion price of the Note is per share of Common Stock (t he Conversion Price ). The Conversion Price of the Note is subject to adjustment for stock splits, dividends or distributions, recapitalizations, spinoffs or similar transactions. The Note and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Note have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. Beginning on the twenty-four-month anniversary of the Issuance Date continuing until the Maturity Date, if the closing price of the Common Stock equals or exceeds of the Conversion Price for out of the consecutive trading days ending immediately preceding the delivery of the notice of the Company s election to convert the Note, the Note will be convertible into shares of Common Stock at the option of the Company, upon delivery of a written notice to the Purchaser electing to convert the Note or all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of the Note. At any time prior to the Maturity Date, the Company may, in its sole discretion and upon delivery of a written notice to the Purchaser electing to prepay the Note, prepay the Note without penalty by paying the Purchaser of the Redemption Price. Once the Redemption Price has been delivered to the Purchaser, the Note will be canceled and retired. The effective interest rate as of December 31, 2022 was . As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the Note, including paid in-kind interest, was million. 

 In August 2021, VPCC entered into an amendment to the private investment in public equity PIPE subscription agreement PIPE Amendment it previously entered into with Alameda Research Ventures LLC Alameda Research in connection with the proposed business combination with the Company (refer to Note 1 Business and Basis of Presentation). The PIPE Amendment calls for a million pre-funding, which was facilitated through the issuance of an unsecured promissory note by the Company to Alameda Research. The Company s obligations to repay the principal amount of the promissory note will be discharged through the issuance of million shares of VPCC to Alameda Research at the closing of the business combination. The promissory note bears an interest rate of the applicable short-term federal rate and is due at the earlier of (i) the anniversary of the promissory note, or (ii) an event of default. The Company has elected to measure the note payable debt instrument at fair value using the fair value option of ASC 825-10. The Company determined that the feature to settle the promissory note with shares at the closing of the business combination is a contingently exercisable share settled put option that represents an embedded derivative instrument that requires bifurcation from the host promissory note. Additionally, the feature to redeem the promissory note upon a default event is a contingently exercisable call option and represents an embedded derivative instrument that requires bifurcation from the host promissory note. However, in accordance with ASC 815-15-25-1 criterion (b), since the Company has elected to apply the fair value option to the debt, the embedded features will not be separated from the debt host. Upon the closing of the Business Combination, the promissory note was automatically discharged upon the Company s issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock to Alameda Research. The closing of the note payable occurred immediately prior to the closing date of the Business Combination. The fair value of the Promissory Note was million as of December 31, 2021. Refer to Note 2, The Reverse Recapitalization and Related Transactions for further details on the closing of the note payable. 

 public warra nts Public Warrants outstanding and private placement warrants Private Warrants outstanding. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional Public Warrants were issued upon separation of the units into their component parts upon the closing of the Business Combination and only whole Public Warrants trade. The Public Warrants are exercisable, provided that the Company continues to have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company permits holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act). The Company filed a registration statement covering the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and the Private Warrants. If the Company s shares of Class A Common Stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, it will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, it will use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. The Public Warrants and the Private Warrants have an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustments and will expire after the completion of the Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Redemption of Public Warrants when the price per share of Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds : Once the Public Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants for cash: in whole and not in part; at a price of per warrant; upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption; and if, and only if, the closing price of Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted) for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. The Company will not redeem the Public Warrants as described above unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A Common Stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. Redemption of Public Warrants for when the price per share of Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds : Once the Public Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: in whole and not in part; at per warrant upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to an agreed table based on the redemption date and the fair market value (as defined below) of the Class A Common Stock; and if, and only if, the closing price of Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds per Public Share (as adjusted) for any trading days within the -trading day period ending three trading days bef ore the Company sends notice of redemption to the warrant holders. If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the Public Warrants will not be adjusted for issuance of Class A Common Stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. The Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants, except that the Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by VPC Impact Acquisition Holdings Sponsor III, LLC, which was the sponsor of VPCC and an affiliate of certain of VPCC s officers and directors prior to the Business Combination, (the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. Contemporaneously with the execution of the Debt Facility, the Company issued warrants to the Lenders as consideration for entering into the Debt Facility, representing a loan commitment fee. The warrants vest and become exercisable based on the Company s aggregated draw on the Debt Facility in incremental million tranches and terminate upon the earliest to occur of (i) the fifth anniversary of the occurrence of a qualified financing event and (ii) the consummation of a liquidity event. The holders of the warrants have the ability to exercise their right to acquire a number of common shares equal to of the fully diluted equity of the Company as of the closing date Equity Closing Date of the Company s next equity financing with proceeds of at least million Qualified Financing Event or immediately prior to the consummation of a liquidity event. The exercise price of the warrants is the greater of (i) of the fair market value of each share of Common Stock at the Equity Closing Date and (ii) per share, subject to certain down-round adjustments. The warrants meet the definition of a derivative under ASC 815 and will be accounted for as a liability at fair value and subsequently remeasured to fair value at the end of each reporting period with the changes in fair value recorded in the consolidated statement of operations. The initial offsetting entry to the warrant liability was an asset recorded to reflect the loan commitment fee. The loan commitment fee asset will be amortized to interest expense over the commitment period of four years. The Company estimated the fair value of the warrants at the issuance date to be million using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Determining the fair value of these warrants under this model requires subjective assumptions. These estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. 

 Immediately prior to the close of the Business Combination, all, or of the vested warrants were exercised and net settled for shares of Legacy Dave s Class A Common Stock after applying the Exchange Ratio. 
 million from various lenders associated with Victory Park Management, LLC (the Lenders ). The Debt Facility has an interest rate of annually plus a base rate defined as the greater of (as of the last business day of each calendar month) and . Interest is payable monthly in arrears. The Debt Facility has certain financial covenants, including a requirement to maintain a minimum cash, cash equivalents, or marketable securities balance of million as of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants. Payments of the loan draws are due at the following dates: (i) within five business days after the date of receipt by the Borrower and the Company (each, a Credit Party or any of their subsidiaries of any net cash proceeds in excess of thousand in the aggregate during any fiscal year from any asset sales (other than certain permitted dispositions), the Borrower shall prepay the loans or remit such net cash proceeds in an aggregate amount equal to of such net cash proceeds; (ii) within five business days after the date of receipt by any Credit Party or any of their subsidiaries, or the Agent as loss payee, of any net cash proceeds from any destruction or taking, the Borrower shall prepay the loans or remit such net cash proceeds in an aggregate amount equal to of such net cash proceeds; (iii) within three business days after the date of receipt by any Credit Party or any of their subsidiaries of any net cash proceeds from the incurrence of any indebtedness of any Credit Party or any of their subsidiaries (other than with respect to permitted indebtedness), the Borrower shall prepay the loans or remit such net cash proceeds in an aggregate amount equal to of such net cash proceeds; and (iv) (a) if extraordinary receipts are received by any Credit Party in the aggregate amount in any fiscal year in excess of thousand or (b) if an event of default has occurred and is continuing at any time when any extraordinary receipts are received by any Credit Party, then within five business days of the receipt by any Credit Party of any such extraordinary receipts, the Borrower shall prepay the loans or remit such net cash proceeds in an aggregate amount equal to (x) of such extraordinary receipts in excess of thousand in respect of clause (a) above and (y) of such extraordinary receipts in respect of clause (b) above. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, the Company had drawn million and million on the Debt Facility and had made no repayments. The debt facility matures in . In November 2021, Dave OD entered into an amendment of the Debt Facility which added a million credit line (as amended, the Credit Facility which has an interest rate of annually plus a base rate defined as the greater of (as of the last business day of each calendar month) and . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million outstanding on the Credit Facility, respectively. The Company paid off the million credit line on November 11, 2022 when the debt matured. 

 Martinsek v. Dave Inc. (filed in the California Superior Court for the County of Los Angeles) In January 2020, a former employee of the Company filed a complaint in the California Superior Court for the County of Los Angeles against the Company and the Company s Chief Executive Officer, asserting claims for, among other things, breach of contract, breach of fiduciary duty, conversion, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. The Company settled this matter in January 2023 for approximately million and is included in the Legal settlement accrual within the consolidated balance sheet for the period ended December 31, 2022. Stoffers v. Dave Inc. (filed in LA County Superior Court) This is a purported class action lawsuit filed in connection with a July 2020 data breach. The Company is in the process of settling this matter and the estimated settlement amount of approximately million is included in the Legal settlement accrual within the consolidated balance sheets for the period ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

subject to early termination by either party. Under the terms of the sublease, monthly rent is million, subject to an annual escalation of . In January 2019, the Company entered into a lease agreement with PCJW for office space located in Los Angeles, California. The lease term is , beginning January 1, 2019 and ending December 31, 2025. Monthly rent is million, subject to an annual escalation of . In May 2020, the Company entered into a sublease with Whalerock for general office space in West Hollywood, California. Under the terms of the sublease, the lease term is approximately months and the monthly rent is million. The Company began utilizing the office space in June 2021. The lease was abandoned in August of 2022. All leases were classified as operating and operating lease expenses are presented within Other operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company does not have any finance leases or sublease arrangements where the Company is the sublessor. 

Short-term lease cost 

Variable lease cost 

Total lease cost 

Year Ended December 31 

2022 
 
 2021 

Other information: 

Cash paid for operating leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liability 

Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating lease 

Weighted-average discount rate - operating lease 

2024 

2025 

Thereafter 
 
 - 

- 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

() 

() 

Total lease liabilities 

Short-term investments 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Warrant liabilities - public warrants 

Warrant liabilities - private warrants 

- 

Earnout liabilities 

- 

Total liabilities 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Assets 

Marketable securities 

Derivative asset on loans to stockholders 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Warrant liabilities 

- 

Note payable 

- 

Total liabilities 

The Company had assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company also has financial instruments not measured at fair value. The Company has evaluated cash (Level 1), restricted cash (Level 1), Member advances (Level 2), accounts payable (Level 2) and accrued expenses (Level 2), and believes the carrying value approximates the fair value due to the short-term nature of these balances. The fair value of the debt facility (Level 2) and convertible note payable (level 2) approximates their carrying values. Marketable Securities: The Company evaluated the quoted market prices in active imarkets for its marketable securities and has classified its securities as Level 1. The Company s investments in marketable securities are exposed to price fluctuations. The fair value measurements for the securities are based upon the quoted prices of similar items in active markets multiplied by the number of securities owned. Short-Term Investments: The following describes the valuation techniques used by the Company to measure the fair value of short-term investments held as of December 31, 2022. short term investments existed as of December 31, 2021. U.S. Government Securities The fair value of U.S. government securities is estimated by independent pricing services who use computerized valuation formulas to calculate current values. U.S. government securities are categorized in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Corporate Bonds and Notes The fair value of corporate bonds and notes is estimated by independent pricing services who use computerized valuation formulas to calculate current values. These securities are generally categorized in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy or in Level 3 when market-based transaction activity is unavailable and significant unobservable inputs are used. Asset-Backed Securities The fair value of these asset-backed securities is estimated by independent pricing services who use computerized valuation formulas to calculate current values. These securities are generally categorized in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy or in Level 3 when market-based transaction activity is unavailable and significant unobservable inputs are used. Derivative Asset Related to Loans to Stockholders: In relation to certain loans to stockholders, the Company purchased call options which grant the Company the right to acquire a fixed number of the Company s Common Stock, held by such stockholders over the exercise period (four years). However, the exercise price per share is not fixed. The exercise price per share increases by a nominal amount of for each month that lapses from the call option issuance date. As of the date of the Business Combination, the exercise price per share was . Th e Company understands that this variability in the exercise price of the call option is tied to the passage of time, which is not an input to the fair value of the Company s shares per ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). Therefore, the Company does not believe the call option meets the scope exception under ASC 815. As the scope exception is not met, the call option is accounted for as a derivative instrument. Accordingly, the call option was measured at fair value and presented as a derivative asset on loans to stockholders on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Interest earned on the non-recourse promissory notes was reported as interest income and changes in the fair value of the call option were reported as other income or expense in the period incurred. The call option was measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period with change in fair value recorded in earnings. The fair value of the call option as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, was and million, respectively. Upon consummation of the Business Combination in January 2022, all of the call options related to the Loans to Stockholders were exercised, settling the derivative asset on Loans to Stockholders of million and the contra-equity Loans to Stockholders of million with APIC being the offsetting entry. 

Amendment to loan to stockholder 

Change in fair value during the year 

Ending value at December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value during the year 

() 

Exercise of call option 

() 

Ending value at December 31, 2022 

The Company used a probability-weighted expected return method PWERM to weight the indicated call options value determined under the binomial option pricing model to determine the fair value of the call options. 

Risk-free interest rate 

- 

Remaining term 

- Years 

Warrant Liability Related to Debt Facility: As discussed further in Note 13, Debt and Credit Facility, in January 2021, the Company issued warrants contemporaneously with a debt facility that met the definition of a derivative under ASC 815. This warrant liability was initially recorded as a liability measured at the estimated fair value, with the offsetting entry recorded as a loan commitment fees asset. The derivative liability was subsequently recorded at fair value at each reporting period, with changes in fair value reflected in earnings. Upon consummation of the Business Combination in January 2022, these warrants were exercised and settled. The los s related to the change in fair value of the warrant liability in the year ended December 31, 2022, was million, which is presented within changes in fair value of warrant liability in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Initial fair value at the original issuance date 

Change in fair value during the year 

Ending value at December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value during the year 

() 

Exercise of warrant 

() 

Ending value at December 31, 2022 

The Company used a PWERM to weight the indicated warrant liability value determined under the binomial option pricing model to determine the fair value of the warrant liability. 

Risk-free interest rate 

- 

Remaining term 

- Years 

Note Payable: As discussed in Note 11, Note Payable, the Company has elected to measure the note payable at fair value using the fair value option of ASC 825-10. The Company identified an embedded derivative related to a convertible feature in its promissory note and in accordance with ASC 815-15-25-1 criterion (b), since the Company has elected to apply the fair value option to the debt embedded features will not be separated from the debt host. The note payable is carried on the Company s consolidated balance sheet as a current liability estimated at fair value with changes in fair value reflected in earnings. Upon consummation of the Business Combination in January 2022, this note payable was paid down and settled. million, which is presented within interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Fair value at issuance 

Change in fair value during the year 

Ending value at December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value during the year 

() 

Discharge of obligation through the issuance of Common Stock 

() 

Ending value at December 31, 2022 

Public Warrants: As discussed further in Note 12, Warrant Liabilities, in January 2022, upon completion of the Business Combination, public warrants were automatically converted to warrants to purchase Common Stock of the Company. These public warrants met the definition of a derivative under ASC 815, and due to the terms of the warrants, were required to be liability classified. This warrant liability was initially recorded as a liability at fair value, with the offsetting entry recorded as a non-cash expense within the statement of operations. The derivative liability was subsequently recorded at fair value at each reporting period, with changes in fair value reflected in earnings. The gain related to the change in fair value of the public warrant liability for year ended December 31, 2022, was million, which is presented within changes in fair value of public warrant liability in the consolidated statements of operations. Private Warrants: As discussed further in Note 12, Warrant Liabilities, in January 2022, upon completion of the Business Combination, private warrants were automatically converted to warrants to purchase Common Stock of the Company. These private warrants met the definition of a derivative under ASC 815, and due to the terms of the warrants, were required to be liability classified. This warrant liability was initially recorded as a liability at fair value, with the offsetting entry recorded as a non-cash expense within the consolidated statement of operations. The derivative liability was subsequently recorded at fair value at each reporting period, with changes in fair value reflected in earnings. The gain related to the change in fair value of the private warrant liability for year ended December 31, 2022 was million, respectively, which is presented within changes in fair value of private warrant liability in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Initial fair value at the merger date 

Change in fair value during the year 

() 

Ending value at December 31, 2022 

The Company used a Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of the private warrant liability. 

Exercise price 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Remaining term 

years 

Dividend yield 

Earnout Shares Liability: As discussed further in Note 3, The Reverse Recapitalization and Related Transactions, as part of the recapitalization, shares of C lass A Common Stock held by founders of VPCC are subject to forfeiture if the vesting condition is not met over the term following the Closing Date Founder Holder Earnout Shares ). These Founder Holder Earnout Shares were initially recorded as a liability at fair value and subsequently recorded at fair value at each reporting period, with changes in fair value reflected in earnings. The (loss) gain related to the change in fair value of the Founder Holder Earnout Shares liabilities for year ended December 31, 2022, was million, which is presented within changes in fair value of earnout liabilities in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Initial fair value at the merger date 

Change in fair value during the year 

() 

Ending value at December 31, 2022 

The Company used a Monte Carlo Simulation Method to determine the fair value of the Founder Holder Earnout Shares liability. 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Remaining term 

Dividend yield 

There were other assets or liabilities that were required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Fair Value of Common Stock: Up until the Closing of the Business Combination in which the Company became publicly traded on Nasdaq, the Company was required to estimate the fair value of the Common Stock underlying the Company s share-based awards. The fair value of the Common Stock underlying the Company s stock-based awards was determined, in each case, based on a valuation model as discussed further below, and was approved by the Company s Board of Directors. The Company s Board of Directors intends all stock options granted to be exercisable at a price per share not less than the fair value per share of the ordinary share underlying those stock options on the date of grant. In the absence of a public market for the Common Stock prior to the date of the Business Combination, the valuation of the Common Stock was determined using a market approach, income approach, and subject company transaction method. The allocation of equity value was determined using Accountants Practice Guide, Valuation of Privately Held Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation. The Company considered various objective and subjective factors to determine the fair value of the Company s common stock as of each grant date, including: Historical financial performance; 

 The Company s business strategy; 

 Industry information, such as external market conditions and trends; 

 Lack of marketability of the Common Stock; 

 Likelihood of achieving a liquidity event, such as an initial public offering, special-purpose acquisition company SPAC merger, or strategic sale given prevailing market conditions and the nature and history of the Company s business; 

 Prices, privileges, powers, preferences, and rights of our convertible preferred stock relative to those of the Common Stock; 

 Forecasted cash flow projections for the Company; 

 Illiquidity of stock-based awards involving securities in a private company; and 

 Macroeconomic conditions. 

 The assumptions underlying these valuations represented management s best estimate, which involved inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. The probability of a liquidity event and the derived discount rate are significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the common stock. If the Company had used different assumptions or estimates, the fair value of the common stock and the Company s stock-based compensation expense could have been materially different. During 2019 and 2020, the Company's estimated fair value of our common stock remained relatively consistent before a potential public listing through a business combination with a special purpose acquisition company was first considered in 2021 SPAC Transaction ). The fair value of the Company's common stock was estimated to be per share as of August 5, 2019 August 2019 Valuation and per share as of August 30, 2020 August 2020 Valuation ). In 2021, the Company's management team first contemplated a SPAC Transaction, which was incorporated in the June 7, 2021 valuation that resulted in a fair value for its common stock of per share June 2021 Valuation ). The SPAC Transaction was considered in the subsequent valuation performed as of October 6, 2021 that resulted in a fair value for Dave s common stock of per share October 2021 Valuation ). The August 2019 Valuation and August 2020 Valuations were completed prior to the contemplation of the Business Combination, and at the time of these valuations, management did not expect a near-term exit. The August 2019 Valuation was performed at the time of the close of Dave s Series B-1 and B-2 preferred equity financings Series B Financing ). Since no near-term exit was expected, the August 2019 Valuation was performed using the market approach, specifically the subject company transaction method was performed using a single option pricing model OPM as the allocation method. As a result, the fair value of the Company s Common Stock was inferred from the Series B Financing. The August 2020 Valuation was performed using the market approach, specifically the guideline public company method GPCM ), and used a single OPM as the allocation methodology. The GPCM was performed by first considering the Series B Financing s implied revenue multiple from the August 2019 valuation report, and then was adjusted based on changes in the guideline public company s multiples since the Series B Financing occurred, with consideration for adjustments based on the Company s comparative operational performance between the periods. The June 2021 Valuation and October 2021 Valuation both used the hybrid method, wherein a PWERM incorporated an expected near-term SPAC exit scenario as well as an OPM. The OPM was used to model the value of common stock in a delayed exit/stay private scenario. Total equity values for each scenario management identified were estimated as of the measurement date. The delayed exit/stay private scenario total equity value was estimated using the discounted cash flow method under the income approach and the GPCM under the market approach. The total equity value in the SPAC Transaction scenario included in the June 2021 Valuation was determined based on the expected Business Combination pre-money valuation. The common stock price per share in the SPAC Transaction scenario included in the October 2021 Valuation was determined based on the publicly traded price of the SPAC as of the valuation date. Management s estimated probability for each scenario occurring at each valuation date was applied to the respective scenario s indicated common stock value to arrive at the estimated fair value of common stock. The increase in the fair value of the Company s Common Stock between the August 2019 and August 2020 Valuations, and the June 2021 Valuation and the October 2021 Valuation was predominantly due to the Company s progress towards completing the Business Combination that was not known or knowable at the earlier valuation dates. As previously discussed, the August 2019 Valuation utilized the Series B financing to determine the value of common stock in a single OPM. The August 2020 Valuation relied upon the GPCM with valuation multiples selected considering the implied multiples at the time of the Series B Financing, with appropriate adjustments to the multiples to account for changes in the Company s financial and operational performance as well as to reflect changes in the guideline public companies multiples and comparative performance, from the close of the Series B financing to the August 2020 valuation date. In early 2021, the Company first contemplated a SPAC Transaction and began taking the necessary steps to prepare for a business combination with VPCC. The necessary steps undertaken to prepare for the Business Combination included meeting with VPCC and investment bankers, discussing timing expectations, and negotiating the preliminary letter of intent with VPCC. As ongoing negotiations related to the Business Combination reflected an increased likelihood of a near-term exit transaction and/or liquidity event, the valuation of Dave s equity as of the June 2021 Valuation took into consideration the indicated equity value implied by the negotiations as well as the uncertainty inherent in the future key milestones including execution of the Business Combination Agreement and VPCC s shareholder vote. Similarly, the increase in the common stock value to per share in the October 2021 Valuation resulted primarily from an increase in the probability of the near-term SPAC Transaction closing and an increase in the value of common stock in that scenario due to the passage of time and an increase in the SPAC s publicly traded price as compared to the SPAC Transaction s negotiated pre-money valuation. As a result, the increase in Dave s Common Stock fair value between the valuation dates resulted directly from both the increase in the pre-money valuation and acceleration of the timing of an exit, from the Series B Financing to the Business Combination. 

 shares of preferred stock were outstanding, and the Company has no present plans to issue any shares of preferred stock. Pursuant to the terms of the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The Company s Board of Directors are authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers and preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series of preferred stock. The Company s Board of Directors are able to, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of the Company s Board of Directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control or the removal of existing management. Class A and Class V Common Stock: The Company s Board of Directors has authorized two classes of common stock, Class A Common Stock and Class V Common Stock. The Company had authoriz ed and sh ares of Class A Common Stock and Class V Common Stock, respectively. Shares of , while shares of . The holders of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class V Common Stock shall at all times vote together as a single class on all matters (including the election of directors) submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders. -to-one basis at the option of the holders of Class V Common Stock at any time upon written notice to the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had and of Class A Common Stock and Class V Common Stock issued, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had and of Class A Common Stock and Class V Common Stock outstanding, respectively. 

 102 
 
 years and the awards generally vest over a period. On January 4, 2022, the stockholders of the Company approved the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ). The 2021 Plan was previously approved, subject to stockholder approval, by the Company s Board of Directors on January 4, 2022. The 2021 Plan became effective immediately upon the completion of the business combination with VPCC. The Company recognized million and million of stock-based compensation expense arising from stock option and restricted stock unit grants which is recorded as a component of compensation and benefits in the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Stock Options: Management has valued stock options at their date of grant utilizing the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The fair value of the underlying shares was estimated by using a number of inputs, including recent arm s length transactions involving the sale of the Company s common stock. years 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected volatility 

The Company had stock options granted for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Expected term The expected term represents the period of time that options are expected to be outstanding. As the Company does not have sufficient historical exercise behavior, it determines the expected life assumption using the simplified method, which is an average of the contractual term of the option and its vesting period. Risk free interest rate The risk-free interest rate is based on the implied yield available on U.S. Treasury issues with an equivalent term approximating the expected life of the options depending on the date of the grant and expected life of the options. Expected dividend yield The Company bases the expected dividend yield assumption on the fact that it has never paid cash dividends and has no present intention to pay cash dividends. Expected volatility Due to the Company s limited operating history and lack of company-specific historical or implied volatility, the expected volatility assumption is based on historical volatilities of a peer group of similar companies whose share prices are publicly available. The Company identified a group of peer companies and considered their historical stock prices. In identifying peer companies, the Company considered the industry, stage of life cycle, size, and financial leverage of such other entities. 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Expired 

() 

Options outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Expired 

() 

Options outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Nonvested options, December 31, 2022 

Vested and exercisable, December 31, 2022 

The weighted-average grant-date fair-value of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and per share, respectively. At December 31, 2022, total estimated unrecognized stock-based compensation cost related to unvested stock options prior to that date was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average remaining period of years. During the year ended December 31, 2021, in accordance with the terms of a former executive s severance agreement, the Company modified share-based payment awards by accelerating the vesting. As a result of the modification, the Company recorded stock-based compensation of million during the year ended December 31, 2021, which is included in the million stock-based compensation expense. The Company allowed certain stock option holders to exercise unvested options to purchase shares of Common Stock. Shares received from such early exercises are subject to repurchase in the event of the optionee s employment termination, at the original issuance price, until the options are fully vested. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and shares of Common Stock were subject to repurchase at weighted-average prices of and per share, respectively. The shares issued pursuant to unvested options have been included in shares issued and outstanding on the consolidated balance sheets as such shares are considered legally outstanding. On March 3, 2021, the Company granted the Chief Executive Officer stock options to purchase up to shares of Common Stock in tranches. Each of the nine tranches contain service, market and performance conditions. The market conditions relate to the achievement of certain specified price targets. Vesting commences on the grant date; however, no compensation charges are recognized until the service and performance condition are probable, which is upon the completion of a liquidity event, the achievement of specified price targets for each tranche of shares, and continuous employment. Upon the completion of the business combination with VPCC, the performance condition was met and the Company recorded a cumulative stock-based compensation expense of million. The options have a strike price of per share. The Company determined the fair value of the options on the grant date to be million using a Monte Carlo simulation with key inputs and assumptions such as stock price, term, dividend yield, risk-free interest rate, and volatility. The derived service periods determined by the valuation for each of the nine tranches range from approximately to approximately . Each tranche will be expensed monthly over the derived service period unless vesting conditions for a particular tranche are met, at which point all remaining compensation charges related to that particular tranche will be expensed in the period in which the vesting conditions were met. years 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected volatility 

Restricted Stock Units: 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Nonvested shares at December 31, 2022 

The Company had no RSU activity during the year ended December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, total estimated unrecognized stock-based compensation cost related to nonvested RSUs was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Restricted Stock Issued to Employees: The Company did t issue shares of restricted stock to employees during either of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. There was unrecognized compensation cost related to employee unvested restricted stock as of December 31, 2022. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

Nonvested shares at December 31, 2021 

Restricted Stock Issued to Non-Employees: The Company recognized and million of stock-based compensation expense related to restricted stock grants to non-employees for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Stock based compensation expense is presented within compensation and benefits in the consolidated statements of operations. There was unrecognized compensation cost related to non-employee unvested restricted stock for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

Nonvested shares at December 31, 2021 

million under lease agreements with PCJW for general office space in Los Angeles, California. 

2024 

2025 

Thereafter 
 
 - 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 
 
 () 

Total lease liabilities 

The related-party components of the lease right-of-use assets, lease liabilities, short-term, and lease liabilities, long-term are presented as part of the right-of-use asset and lease liability on the consolidated balance sheets. Related-Party Exercise Receivable Promissory Notes: During 2018, the Company received non-recourse promissory notes from certain employees, which allowed for the early exercise of stock options, with the exercise price to be paid back to the Company at a later date. The notes for thousand were secured by a pledge of shares. D uring 2020, the Company received a non-recourse promissory note from a certain executive, which allowed for the early exercise of stock options, with the exercise price to be paid back to the Company at a later date. The note for million was secured by a pledge of shares. T he promissory notes have a term of and carry stated interest rates between and , which are compounded annually. Prior to the consummation of the Business Combination in January 2022, the promissory notes were repaid. The amounts due as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, were and million, respectively. On January 3, 2022, Legacy Dave entered into an agreement with a certain executive to transfer and sell shares of Legacy Dave common stock to Legacy Dave. A total o f shares of Legacy Dave s common stock were repurchased for an aggregate purchase amount of million, which resulted in an extinguishment of the related-party exercise receivable promissory notes. Loans to Stockholders: In 2019, the Company entered into loan, pledge, and option agreements Loans to Stockholders with various employees, who are also stockholders, to provide those employees cash in exchange for non-recourse promissory notes and call options, which allow the Company to acquire shares held by these stockholders. The entire unpaid principal balance of these Loans to Stockholders, together with all accrued but unpaid interest, is due and payable upon the earlier (i) of ; (ii) a liquidity event; or (iii) upon the exercise of the call option by the Company. These Loans to Stockholders carry stated interest rates of , which are compounded annually. Please refer to Note 2, Significant Account Policies, for further details on the fair value of the derivative asset related to the Loans to Stockholders. Upon consummation of the Business Combination in January 2022, all of the call options related to the Loans to Stockholders were exercised and the related loans were settled. The Loans to Stockholders, inclusive of interest, were and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. VPCC Financing Agreement A Senior Partner at Victory Park Capital Advisors, LLC joined the board of directors of the Company upon closing of the Business Combi nation. For more information about the VPC Financing Agreement, refer to Note 13, Debt and Credit Facility. 

State 

() 

Total current 

() 

Deferred: 

Federal 

() 

State 

Total deferred 

() 

Provision for income taxes 

() 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Derivative asset 

- 

Warrant liability 

- 

Earnout liability 

Stock-based compensation 

- 

- 

Other 

- 

- 

Research and development tax credit - federal 

Change in valuation allowance 

- 

- 

Effective tax rate 

- 

Allowance for Member advances 

Research and development tax credit 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued compensation 

Lease liability 

Stock-based compensation 

Excess interest expense carryforward 

Section 174 R E expenditures 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

- 

Property and equipment 

() 

() 

Right of use asset 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Total net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 

Less: valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Total net deferred taxes 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of federal and million of combined state net operating loss NOL carryforwards available to offset future taxable income. of taxable income in any given year. The State NOLs begin to expire in , except for million of state NOLs that do not expire. Internal Revenue Code Section 382 imposes limitations on the utilization of NOLs in the event of certain changes in ownership of the Company. The Company has not yet completed a comprehensive analysis of its past ownership changes. Depending upon the degree of those past ownership changes, and any future ownership changes, annual limits may impair the Company s ability to utilize NOLs and could cause federal and state income taxes to be due sooner than if no such limitations applied. The realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future sources of taxable income. Available positive and negative evidence is considered in making this determination. Due to a history of losses and uncertainty as to future taxable income, realization of the deferred tax assets is limited to the anticipated reversal of certain deferred tax liabilities. Management determined that there were insufficient federal and state deferred tax liabilities to offset all of the federal and state deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Therefore, management believes it is more-likely-than-not that the net federal and state deferred assets will not be fully realized and has recorded valuation allowances in the amounts of million and million, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Increases to prior positions 

Decreases to prior positions 

() 

Increases for current year positions 

Balance at end of year 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of gross unrecognized tax benefits related to state income taxes and federal and state R D tax credits. The unrecognized tax benefits of million as of December 31, 2022, would, if recognized, affect the effective tax rate. Although it is possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits with respect to the uncertain tax positions will increase or decrease in the next 12 months, the Company does not expect material changes. The Company recognized insignificant amounts of interest expense as a component of income tax expense during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The income tax related accrued interest amounts were also insignificant as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. On August 16, 2022, the President signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 which contained provisions effective January 1, 2023, including a corporate minimum tax and a excise tax on stock buybacks, both of which we expect to be immaterial to our financial results, financial position and cash flows. The Company is subject to examination by taxing authorities in the jurisdictions in which it files tax returns, including federal, California, and various other state jurisdictions. The federal statute of limitations remains open for the tax periods December 31, 2019 and thereafter. The California statute of limitations remains open for the tax periods December 31, 2018 and thereafter. The statute of limitations for the various other state jurisdictions remains open for the tax periods December 31, 2019, the initial filing period in the other jurisdictions, and thereafter. 

 of their compensation subject to fixed annual limits. All current employees are eligible to participate in the 401(k) savings plan. Beginning January 2021, the Company began matching contributions to the 401(k) savings plan equal to of the first of wages deferred by each participating employee. The Company incurred expenses for employer matching contributions of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 . At a special meeting held on December 16, 2022, stockholders approved the reverse stock split. The primary goal of the reverse stock split was to bring the Company s stock price above the share bid price requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq. The effects of the reverse stock split have been reflected in the consolidated financial statements and the footnotes. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 109 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective, due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in our audited financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 described below. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 
 Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and with the participation of our management, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework). Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022, due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in our audited financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, because: 
 We did not design and maintain certain formal accounting policies, procedures, and internal controls to achieve complete, accurate and timely financial accounting, reporting and disclosures, including internal controls over the period-end financial reporting process addressing financial statement and footnote presentation and disclosures, account reconciliations, and journal entries. Additionally, the lack of a sufficient number of accounting and finance professionals resulted in an inability to consistently establish appropriate authorities and responsibilities in pursuit of Dave s financial reporting objectives, as demonstrated by, amongst other things, insufficient segregation of duties within the finance and accounting functions. 

We did not design and maintain effective controls over information technology IT general controls for information systems that are relevant to the preparation of its financial statements, specifically, with respect to: (i) program change management controls to ensure that IT program and data changes affecting financial IT applications and underlying accounting records are identified, tested, authorized and implemented appropriately; (ii) user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties and that adequately restrict user and privileged access to financial applications, programs, and data to appropriate company personnel; and (iii) computer operations controls to ensure that critical batch jobs are monitored and data backups are authorized and monitored. 

Dave is implementing a plan to remediate the material weaknesses described above. Those remediation measures are ongoing and include (i) hiring additional accounting and IT personnel to bolster its technical reporting, transactional 
 110 
 
 accounting and IT capabilities; (ii) designing and implementing controls to formalize roles and review responsibilities and designing and implementing formal controls over segregation of duties; (iii) designing and implementing formal processes, accounting policies, procedures, and controls supporting Dave s financial close process, including creating standard balance sheet reconciliation templates and journal entry controls; (iv) designing and implementing IT general controls, including controls over change management, the review and update of user access rights and privileges and computer operations controls; and (v) redesigning its internal controls around the allowance for unrecoverable advances to detect and prevent future errors. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Other than described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 111 
 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Except for the information regarding executive officers and directors, which is included in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, under Information about our Executive Officers and Directors , and our code of ethics, which is set forth below, the information required by this Item 10 will be included in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Code of Ethics 
 The board of directors of Dave has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of its directors, officers and employees, including the principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on the Corporate Governance section of Dave s website. In addition, Dave will post on the Corporate Governance section of its website all disclosures that are required by law or Nasdaq listing standards any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this Item 11 will be included in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this Item 12 will be included in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this Item 13 will be included in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this Item 14 will be included in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 112 
 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Ex hibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements The financial statements listed in the Index to Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this report. 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules None. 

(3) 
 Exhibits The following exhibits are filed, furnished or incorporated by reference as part of this report. 

113 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 

2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 7, 2021, by and among VPC Impact Acquisition Holdings III, Inc., Bear Merger Company I Inc., Bear Merger Company II LLC, and Dave Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 7, 2021.) 

3.1 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Dave Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 11, 2022.) 

3.1.1 
 Certificate of Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Dave Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 5, 2023. 

3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Dave Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 11, 2022.) 

4.1 
 Convertible Note, dated March 21, 2022, by and between Dave Inc. and FTX Ventures Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 21, 2022). 

4.2 
 Warrant Agreement, dated March 4, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and VPCC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on March 9, 2021). 

4.3 
 Description of Securities incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 25, 2022). 

10.1 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 11, 2022). 

10.2 
 Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of January 5, 2022, by and among the Company, the Sponsor, Janet Kloppenburg, Peter Offenhauser and Kurt Summers, and certain holders of Legacy Dave Capital Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 11, 2022). 

10.3 
 Lease by and between PCJW Properties LLC and Legacy Dave, dated as of January 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 11, 2022). 

10.4 
 Sublease by and between PCJW Properties LLC and Legacy Dave, dated as pf December 1, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 11, 2022). 

10.5 
 Amended and Restated 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and related forms of award agreements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 13, 2022). 

10.6 
 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 11, 2022). 

10.7 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 3, 2022, by and between Jason Wilk and Dave (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 11, 2022). 

10.8 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 31, 2022, by and between Kyle Beilman and Dave (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 1, 2022). 

114 

10.10 
 Convertible Note Purchase Agreement, dated March 21, 2022, by and between the Company and FTX Ventures Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 21, 2022). 

10.11 
 Dave Inc. Executive Incentive Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 31, 2022). 

10.12 
 Dave Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 1, 2022). 

16.1 
 Letter to the Securities and Exchange Commission from WithumSmith+Brown, PC, dated January 11, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 11, 2022). 

21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 11, 2022). 

23.1 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 

23.2 
 Consent of Moss Adams LLP. 

24.1 
 Power of attorney (included on the signature page hereof). 

31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

The schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K 
 Item 601(b)(2). The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon its request. 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 
 115 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 Not applicable 
 116 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March 13, 2023 
 
 DAVE INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Jason Wilk 

Jason Wilk 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

POWER OF A TTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints John Ricci or Kyle Beilman as his or her attorney-in-fact, with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact, or his substitute, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 Title 
 Date 

/s/ Jason Wilk 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director Principal Executive Officer 
 March 13, 2023 

Jason Wilk 

/s/ Kyle Beilman 
 Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 March 13, 2023 

Kyle Beilman 

/s/ Brendan Carroll 
 Director 
 March 13, 2023 

Brendan Carroll 

/s/ Andrea Mitchell 
 Director 
 March 13, 2023 

Andrea Mitchell 

/s/ Michael Pope 
 Director 
 March 13, 2023 

Michael Pope 

/s/ Dan Preston 
 Director 
 March 13, 2023 

Dan Preston 

/s/ Teresa Aragones 
 Director 
 March 13, 2023 

Teresa Aragones 

117 

<EX-23>
 2
 dave-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-269482, 333-268785, 333-263589) of our report dated March 13, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements of Dave Inc., appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Dave Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 March 13, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-23>
 3
 dave-ex23_2.htm
 EX-23.2

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.2 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-269482, 333-268785, 333-263589) of Dave Inc. (the Company ), of our report dated March 25, 2022 (except for the effects of the reverse recapitalization described in Note 3, as to which the date is August 22, 2022, and the effects of the 1-for-32 reverse stock split described in Notes 2 and 22, as to which the date is March 13, 2023), relating to the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and for the year then ended, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Moss Adams LLP 

Los Angeles, California 

March 13, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 dave-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Jason Wilk, certify that: 
 1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Dave Inc.; 

2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

1) 

5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 13, 2023 

/s/ Jason Wilk 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 dave-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Kyle Beilman, certify that: 
 1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Dave Inc.; 

2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 13, 2023 

/s/ Kyle Beilman 

Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 dave-ex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
 The undersigned, Jason Wilk, Chief Executive Officer, and Kyle Beilman, Chief Financial Officer of Dave Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. 1350, that: 
 (i) the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, of the Company (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date: March 13, 2023 

/s/ Jason Wilk 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

/s/ Kyle Beilman 

Chief Financial Officer 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 dave-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 dave-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 dave-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 dave-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 dave-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

