<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1854275_0001410578-23-000535.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4935112</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>304379</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>862061</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1447103</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>994660</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1239097</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-23-000535.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331142238
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-23-000535
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Innovative International Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001854275
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-AUTO RENTAL & LEASING (NO DRIVERS) [7510]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40964
		FILM NUMBER:		23786632

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		24681 LA PLAZA #300
		CITY:			DANA POINT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92629
		BUSINESS PHONE:		805-907-0597

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		24681 LA PLAZA #300
		CITY:			DANA POINT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92629

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-23-000535.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 ioacu-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) N/A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) , (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

 Registrant s telephone number , including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: The The The Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Auditor PCAOB Number: Auditor Name: Auditor Location: The aggregate market value of the voting stock (ordinary shares) held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the close of business on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately [ ] based on the closing sale price of the Class A ordinary shares on the Nasdaq Global Market on that date. The registrant does not have any non-voting common equity. As of March 30, 2023, there were Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE PART I Item 1 . Business . 6 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 27 Item 1B . Unresolved Staff Comments. 29 Item 2 . Properties . 30 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 30 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 30 PART II Item 5 . Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 31 Item 6. Reserved. 31 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 31 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 39 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 39 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 39 Item 9A . Controls and Procedures. 39 Item 9B. Other Information. 40 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 40 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 40 Item 11 . Executive Compensation 47 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 47 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 48 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 49 PART IV Item 15 . Exhibits, Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 51 Item 16 . Form 10-K Summary 51 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Some of the statements contained in this Report (as defined below) may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The statements contained in this report that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include, but are not limited to, statements about: our ability to complete our initial business combination; our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; our pool of prospective target businesses; the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; the delisting of our securities from Nasdaq or an inability to have our securities listed on Nasdaq following a business combination; potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; the potential liquidity and trading of our securities; the lack of a market for our securities; the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or our financial performance. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. Unless otherwise stated in this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: amended and restated memorandum and articles of association are to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 AST are to American Stock Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our Trust Account (as defined below) and warrant agent of our public warrants (as defined below); board of directors or board are to the board of directors of the company; Cantor are to Cantor Fitzgerald Co., the representative of the underwriters in our initial public offering; CCM are to Cohen Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC, an affiliate of a passive member of our sponsor; Class A ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares of par value 0.0001 per share of the company; Class B ordinary shares are to our Class B ordinary shares of par value 0.0001 per share of the company; Company, company, our company, IOAC, we, or us are to Innovative International Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company; Companies Act are to the Companies Act (as revised) of the Cayman Islands exempted company as the same may be amended from time to time; DWAC System are to the Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System; Exchange Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; FINRA are to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority; founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to the initial public offering and, unless the context otherwise requires, our Class A ordinary shares issued upon the conversion thereof as provided herein; GAAP are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; IFRS are to the International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; initial business combination are to a merger, capital share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses; initial public offering or IPO are to the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company on October 29, 2021; initial shareholders are to our sponsor (as defined below), and any of our officers or directors that hold founder shares; Investment Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; JOBS Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; letter agreement refers to the letter agreement, the form of which is filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement for our initial public offering; management or our management team are to our officers and directors; 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Marcum are to Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm; Merger Agreement are to the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of October 13, 2022, we entered into with Zoomcar and certain other parties. Nasdaq are to the Nasdaq Stock Market; ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; PCAOB are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States); preference shares are to our preference shares of par value 0.0001 per share in the share capital of the company; Private Placement Shares are to the Class A ordinary shares issued to our sponsor, Cantor and CCM in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering; public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares; public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares offered as part of the units in the initial public offering (whether they are subscribed for in the initial public offering or thereafter in the open market) and references to public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial shareholders to the extent our initial shareholders purchased public shares, provided that their status as public shareholders shall exist only with respect to such public shares; public warrants are to the redeemable warrants which were sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were subscribed for in our initial public offering or in the open market); Registration Statement are to the Form S-1 filed with the SEC on October 6, 2021, as amended; Report are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021; Sarbanes-Oxley Act are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; sponsor are to Innovative International Sponsor I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, controlled by Mohan Ananda, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Trust Account are to the trust account in which an amount of 234,600,000 10.20 per unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the units and Private Placement Shares in the initial public offering was placed following the closing of the initial public offering; units are to the units sold in our initial public offering, which consist of one Class A ordinary share, one-half of one redeemable warrant; warrants are to our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants. Zoomcar are to Zoomcar, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the consummation of the proposed business combination. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Zoomcar Registration Statement are to the registration statement on Form S-4 to filed by the Company in relation to the Zoomcar Transaction (as defined below); and Zoomcar Transaction are to the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 
 PART I Item 1. Business. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated on March 22, 2021 in the Cayman Islands for the purpose of effecting an initial business combination. Since our initial public offering (as described below), we have focused our search for an initial business combination on businesses that may provide significant opportunities for attractive investor returns. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business are not limited to a particular industry or geographic region, although we expect to focus on a target in an industry where we believe our management team s and founders expertise provides us with a competitive advantage, including the consumer technology, healthcare sector, information technology services, and enterprise software as a service in multiple countries such as India, UK, Singapore, etc. Initial Public Offering On October 29, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 23,000,000 units (including 3,000,000 units offered in connection with the full exercise of underwriters over-allotment options). Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share, one-half of one redeemable warrant of the Company, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share for 11.50 per share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 230,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 1,060,000 Class A ordinary shares, at a price of 10.00 per private share, in a private placement to the sponsor, CCM and Cantor, the representative of the underwriters of our initial public offering, generating gross proceeds of 10,600,000. A total of 234,600,000 from the net proceeds from the initial public offering and the Private Placement Shares was placed in the Trust Account maintained by AST, acting as trustee. Our management team is led by Dr. Mohan Ananda and Madan Menon, who are looking to leverage their extensive experience in starting and scaling businesses in the information technology and healthcare space, both domestically and internationally. We must complete our initial business combination within 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering. If our initial business combination is not consummated by July 29, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board), then our existence will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the Trust Account. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies wishing to conduct business outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Law. As an exempted company, we have applied for and received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with section 6 of the Tax Concessions Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations shall apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax shall be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. Zoomcar Transaction On October 13, 2022, we entered into the Merger Agreement with Zoomcar and certain other parties. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, (i) the Company will continue out of the Cayman Islands and re-domesticate into a 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Delaware corporation (the Domestication and (ii) following the Domestication, a Delaware subsidiary of our Company will merge with and into Zoomcar (the Merger ), with Zoomcar continuing as the surviving entity and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and with each Zoomcar stockholder receiving shares of post-Domestication Company common stock. Simultaneously with the signing of the Merger Agreement, Ananda Small Business Trust, a Nevada trust Ananda Trust ), an affiliate of our sponsor and of Mohan Ananda and Elaine Price, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, respectively, entered into a subscription agreement with the Company (the Ananda Trust Subscription Agreement to subscribe for 1,000,000 newly issued shares of the common stock (following the Domestication) of the Company at a purchase price of 10.00 per share. Simultaneously with the signing of the Merger Agreement, Ananda Trust also invested an aggregate of 10,000,000 in Zoomcar (the Ananda Trust Investment ), in exchange for a convertible promissory note issued by Zoomcar to Ananda Trust (the Ananda Trust Note ). At the closing of the Merger (the Closing ), Zoomcar s repayment obligations under the Ananda Trust Note will be offset against Ananda Trust s payment obligations under the Ananda Trust Subscription Agreement and Ananda Trust will receive newly issued shares of the Company in accordance with the terms of the Ananda Trust Subscription Agreement. In the event that the Business Combination is not consummated by the one-year anniversary of the Ananda Trust Note (or upon the earlier termination of the Merger Agreement), the Ananda Trust Note issued by Zoomcar in consideration of the Ananda Trust Investment will be exchanged for a new convertible promissory note issued by Zoomcar, and such note will be convertible upon the consummation of a subsequent financing in which Zoomcar raises an aggregate of at least 5 million, and the Ananda Trust Subscription Agreement will terminate automatically. In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, on October 13, 2022, IOAC and certain Zoomcar stockholders representing 34.4 of the outstanding Zoomcar preferred stock and common stock (on an as converted basis) entered into the lock-up agreements (the Lock-Up Agreements ). Pursuant to the Lock-Up Agreements, such Zoomcar stockholders agreed to subject certain shares of common stock of the post-combination company held by them to the restrictions described below from the Closing until the termination of applicable lock-up periods described therein. On October 13, 2022, Zoomcar delivered to IOAC certain support agreements (the Stockholder Support Agreements entered into by IOAC, Zoomcar and certain stockholders of Zoomcar, pursuant to which, among other things, the stockholders party to such Stockholder Support Agreements have agreed to support the approval and adoption of the Zoomcar Transaction and to certain transfer restrictions with respect to their Zoomcar shares. The Stockholder Support Agreements will terminate upon the earliest to occur of (a) the Closing, (b) the date of the termination of the Merger Agreement, and (c) the effective date of a written agreement of IOAC, Zoomcar, and the Zoomcar stockholders party thereto terminating such Stockholder Support Agreements. In connection with entering into the Merger Agreement, on October 13, 2022, our sponsor, the Company and Zoomcar entered into a Sponsor Support Agreement (the Sponsor Support Agreement ). Pursuant to the Sponsor Support Agreement, our sponsor agreed to (i) vote all ordinary shares of the Company held by our sponsor at any meeting of the shareholders of the Company in favor of the approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement and the Zoomcar Transaction; and (ii) not redeem or transfer any of the shares held by our sponsor, or deposit into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement in consistent with the Sponsor Support Agreement. Our sponsor also agreed to waive the anti-dilution right associated with the shares held by our sponsor and our sponsor shall use its best efforts to cooperate with the Company and Zoomcar in connection with obtaining the financing transactions. In connection with the proposed Zoomcar Transaction, we have filed the Zoomcar Registration Statement, which includes a (i) prospectus with respect to our securities to be issued in connection with the Zoomcar Transaction, (ii) proxy statement, to be used at the meeting of our shareholders to approve the Zoomcar Transaction and related matters, and (iii) consent solicitation statement, for the consent of Zoomcar stockholders to approve Zoomcar Transaction. You should review the Zoomcar Registration Statement, any amendments thereto, and other relevant documents that will be filed with the SEC for additional information regarding the Merger Agreement, the Zoomcar Transaction and Zoomcar, including the risks and uncertainties regarding the Zoomcar Transaction and Zoomcar s business. The foregoing descriptions of the Merger Agreement and related agreements are subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, Ananda Trust Subscription Agreement, Lock-Up Agreements, Stockholder Support Agreements and Sponsor Support Agreement, copies of which are attached as exhibits to the Report. Other than as specifically discussed, this Report does not give effect to the proposed Zoomcar Transaction. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Company Description IOAC was formed by Dr. Mohan Ananda and Madan Menon, who are looking to leverage their extensive experience in starting and scaling businesses in the information technology and healthcare space, both domestically and internationally. The objective of IOAC is to partner with an organization that has attained growth revenue and is looking at expanding business lines and geographical areas. IOAC elected to incorporate in the Cayman Islands in order to ensure access to a wider deal flow from multiple countries such as India, UK, Singapore, etc. IOAC intends to focus its search for business combination targets in the following four industries: A) Consumer Technology; B) Healthcare; C) Information technology services; and D) Enterprise software as a service (SaaS). 
 COVID-19 has accelerated the adoption of ecommerce and created a greater awareness of healthcare. Telemedicine and ecommerce have gained significant investments and e-commerce market size increased multifold from April 2019 through April 2020. With renewed attention to healthcare and services due to the global pandemic, it is estimated that global healthcare spending could reach more than 10 trillion by 2022. This is an indication of market potential and it is projected to grow at an accelerated pace. a) Consumer Technology The global ecommerce market size was valued at more than 9 trillion in 2019 and is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate of at least 14 for the next seven years. Digital content, travel and leisure, financial services, electronic retailing (e-tailing), among other things, present a variety of e-commerce options available to the internet-accessing customer base that are gaining momentum with increased internet usage. The digital first customer (i.e., customers who rely heavily on digital communication when they shop) has had a positive impact on the buying power of a generation of users who have made verbs of popular brands. The growing importance of faster browsing has led to the development in the connectivity, leading to developments in 4G and 5G technology. According to market research, retail ecommerce is expected to exceed 563 billion in revenue by 2025 in the United States alone. Certain members of the IOAC team are involved in the development of a social commerce app, Frientap, which gives the IOAC team a unique perspective on the ecommerce market and building marketplaces. The IOAC team intends to leverage its experience to find a competitive business combination that can capitalize on these industry trends to stay ahead of the competition and participate in the e-commerce growth story.
 b) Healthcare Healthcare spending comprises more than 10 of the GDP of most developed countries. For the US, this figure was close to 18 in 2019. The healthcare sector is the US s largest employer, employing 1 in 8 US citizens. The US Healthcare industry consists of more than 784,000 companies. According to research, (i) patient care will account for approximately 1.1 trillion, or approximately 64 , of US healthcare service revenue in 2021 and (ii) inpatient and rehabilitation will account for approximately 74.8 billion, or approximately 4.5 , of US healthcare service revenue in 2021. With such a large touchpoint, healthcare takes up a considerable mindshare as well as wallet share world-wide. At a global scale, North America s healthcare industry revenue stands at 714.5 billion with Europe running up at 422 billion and the rest of the world at 63.4 billion. With such large expenses, incorporating Artificial Intelligence Machine Learning and implementing best practices from other industries to save costs and streamline processes can act as a change agent in this industry. The IOAC team will leverage its healthcare expertise to identify strong business combination opportunities and partner with its network to incorporate technology advancements and thereby accelerate growth.
 c) IT Services IT services refer to the application of business and technical expertise to enable organizations in the creation, management and optimization of or access to information and business processes. The IT services market can be segmented by the type of skills that are employed to deliver the service (design, build, run). There are also different categories of service: business process services, application services and infrastructure services. If these services are outsourced, they are referred to as business process outsourcing (BPO), applications outsourcing (AO) and infrastructure outsourcing. The IOAC team intends to leverage its deep industry knowledge and extensive network to source deals that will allow the IOAC team to add value to the combined business entity though differentiation strategies and technology assimilation.
 d) Enterprise SaaS In the traditional definition, enterprise software is software that an organization buys and installs on its servers. The purchase and installation of this software requires high upfront costs and capital expenditure allocations. SaaS or Software as a 

 8 

Table of Contents 
 Service, by contrast, is software that is rented and is hosted in the cloud and accessed via the internet. This provides flexibility to the organization by allowing access from anywhere, and significantly, SaaS offerings tend to be multi-tenant, meaning that multiple organizations are working on the same version of software. This allows for better version control and faster deployment of updates and enhancements. The biggest advantage of the SaaS approach is that the organization can change this expense from a capital expenditure to an operational expenditure. Many enterprise SaaS companies exist, and the IOAC team will be looking to leverage its technology experience to evaluate business combination opportunities and use its network to provide value to the business combination target and facilitate the target s growth.
 
 Competitive Advantages Our team brings significant experience with sourcing, M A and growth. The management team and the board of directors have worked across Europe, Asia and the Americas in establishing and growing companies. The team intends to leverage its M A experience in these geographies to execute our business combination in the most effective manner. Each member of the management team is an accomplished entrepreneur and operator. Each also has a strong track record of identifying and sourcing deals both from an M A perspective as well as sales growth and brand recognition. With the team s experience working in multiple industries, identifying strong targets based on our unique methods of selection will ensure a reliable and resilient company that can grow with the ebbs and flows of the global economy. Acquisition Criteria We have established the criteria and guidelines listed below in accordance with our strategy, which we believe are important in evaluating prospective targets. However, may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We believe significant opportunities exist to invest in companies that are well positioned to benefit from tech-enabled trends that can command a valuation between 1 billion to 2.5 billion. Our team includes seasoned executives who cumulatively have over 220 years of experience in STEM, medical technologies, consumer goods, entertainment, information security (infosec) and Fintech and we intend to leverage this experience as we seek to acquire an organization in one of the four spaces indicated earlier of consumer technology, ecommerce, healthcare or enterprise SaaS, either in the US or Asia-Pacific (APAC) region. Our team intends to leverage on its deep business ties within the tech community in these regions to evaluate a broad range of attractive opportunities. While analyzing the prospective target companies, we fully intend to value target companies through industry standard methods, such as using existing public company comparables, proprietary modeling and or independent analysis. Our management team and independent board members have a complementary set of relevant skills across public and private investing with proven operating experience. Our acquisition strategy focuses on leveraging these skills to create a strong deal flow and robust acquisition process. While financial performance of the target organization is paramount, we intend to ensure a holistic evaluation covering the following areas: a) Sustainable market: we will focus on an organization that is able to address a sustainable market and not a hype-driven market segment. b) Technology Adoption: we will seek an entity that can effect change in its clients using technology or that can stimulate growth with technology adoption. c) Management team: we will seek an organization that has a strong management team that has been able to establish itself in the market and has established a succession plan. d) ESG: we will seek an organization that has incorporated Economic, Social Corporate Governance into its core values to ensure the organization is determined to do well financially as well as make a positive impact in society. e) Culture: we will seek an organization that has embraced an open and accepting culture to help foster a strong relationship with its employees and other stakeholders in order to ensure that there is a positive and symbiotic culture. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 After identifying the target and completing the business combination, IOAC will partner with the management team of the post-business combination entity in a variety of ways, including providing advice, implementing a new business strategy, and leveraging the team s experience and expertise in mergers and acquisitions and our experience in strategy, IT, finance, marketing and treasury. Our Business Combination Process In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which will encompass, among other things, (i) meetings with incumbent management and their advisors (if applicable); (ii) document reviews; (iii) interviews with various stakeholders, including, but not limited to, employees, customers and suppliers; (iv) on-site inspection of facilities; and (v) reviewing financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. Our acquisition criteria, due diligence processes, and value creation methods are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder communications related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this Report, would be in the form of tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials that we would file with the SEC. Sourcing of Potential Business Combination Targets We believe that the operational and transactional experience of our management team and the relationships they have developed as a result of such experience, provide us with a substantial number of potential business combination targets. These individuals and entities have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships around the world. This network has grown through sourcing, acquiring and financing businesses and maintaining relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams. Our management team members have significant experience in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. We believe that these networks of contacts and relationships and this experience provide us with important sources of investment opportunities. In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates may be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds and large business enterprises seeking to divest noncore assets or divisions. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. Other Acquisition Considerations Members of our management team may directly or indirectly own our ordinary shares or Private Placement Shares and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Each of our officers and directors presently has, and in the future any of our officers and directors may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present acquisition opportunities to such entity. Accordingly, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an acquisition opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will need to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such acquisition opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, no director or officer shall be disqualified or prevented from contracting with the company nor shall any contract or transaction entered into by or on behalf of the company in which any director shall have an interest be liable to be avoided. A director shall be at liberty to vote in respect of any contract or transaction in which he is interested provided that the nature of such interest shall be disclosed at or prior to its consideration or any vote thereon by the board of directors. We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors would materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. Our officers and directors are not prohibited from becoming either a director or officer of any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act. Initial Business Combination Nasdaq rules require that our initial business combination must occur with one or more operating businesses or assets with an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80 of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. We refer to this as the 80 fair market value test. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm. We do not currently intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination, although there is no assurance that will be the case. We have also agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. In addition, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, or our board of directors cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we are not required to obtain an opinion that the price we are paying for a target is fair to our company from a financial point of view from any of the following: (i) an independent investment banking firm; (ii) another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire; or (iii) from an independent accounting firm. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the business judgment of our board of directors, which will have significant discretion in choosing the standard used to establish the fair market value of the target or targets, and different methods of valuation may vary greatly in outcome from one another. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the issued and outstanding equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons. However, we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity securities of a target business or issue a substantial number of new shares to third-parties in connection with financing our initial business combination. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 fair market value test. If our initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. If our securities are not listed on Nasdaq, we would not be required to satisfy the 80 fair market test. However, we intend to satisfy the 80 fair market test even if our securities are not listed on Nasdaq at the time of our initial business combination. We have filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the Securities Exchange Commission to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we will be subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. Status as a Public Company We believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their equity interests, shares and/or shares of stock in the target business for our shares or for a combination of our shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more certain and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. While we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds makes us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may have a negative view of us since we are a blank check company, without an operating history, and there is uncertainty relating to our ability to obtain shareholder approval of our proposed initial business combination and retain sufficient funds in our Trust Account in connection therewith. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of the prior fiscal year s second quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. Financial Position With funds available for a business combination of approximately [ ] held in the Trust Account, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the Private Placement Shares, our shares, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may, although we do not currently intend to, seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, start-up companies or companies with speculative business plans or excess leverage, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the Trust Account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the Trust Account. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the Trust Account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek shareholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. Sources of Target Businesses Nasdaq rules require that our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation or value of comparable businesses. Our shareholders will be relying on the business judgment of our board of directors, which will have significant discretion in choosing the standard used to establish the fair market value of the target or targets, and different methods of valuation may vary greatly in outcome from one another. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from either (i) an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA, (ii) another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire, or (iii) an independent accounting firm, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to these requirements, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. We have also agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. In any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of fair market value test. There is no basis for investors of our Class A ordinary shares to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which will encompass, among other things, (i) meetings with incumbent management and their advisors (if applicable); (ii) document reviews; (iii) interviews with various stakeholders, including, but not limited to, employees, customers and suppliers; (iv) on-site inspection of facilities; and (v) reviewing financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 
 Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team Although we closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team or of our board, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our business combination, it is presently unknown if any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 the particular target business. The determination as to whether any members of our board of directors will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following a business combination, to the extent that we deem it necessary, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management team of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of a Business Combination Subject to the requirement that, so long as our securities are listed on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses or assets having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the Trust Account (less certain advisory fees to I-Bankers and taxes payable on interest earned and less any interest earned thereon that is released to us for taxes) at the time of the agreement to enter into such initial business combination, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In any case, we will only consummate an initial business combination in which we become the majority shareholder of the target (or control the target through contractual arrangements in limited circumstances for regulatory compliance purposes as discussed below) or are otherwise not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management endeavors to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. In evaluating a prospective target business, we will conduct an extensive due diligence review which encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and inspection of facilities, as well as review of financial and other information which is made available to us. This due diligence review is conducted either by our management or by unaffiliated third parties we may engage, although we have no current intention to engage any such third parties. The time and costs required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete the initial business combination cannot presently be ascertained with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which a business combination is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us and reduce the amount of capital available to otherwise complete a business combination. Fair Market Value of Target Business or Businesses So long as our securities are listed on Nasdaq, the target business or businesses or assets with which we effect our initial business combination must have a collective fair market value equal to at least 80 of the value of the Trust Account (less certain advisory fees to I-Bankers and taxes payable on interest earned and less any interest earned thereon that is released to us for taxes) at the time of the agreement to enter into such initial business combination. So long as our securities are listed on Nasdaq, if we acquire less than 100 of one or more target businesses in our initial business combination, the aggregate fair market value of the portion or portions we acquire must equal at least 80 of the value of the Trust Account (less certain advisory fees to I-Bankers and taxes payable on interest earned and less any interest earned thereon that is released to us for taxes) at the time of the agreement to enter into such initial business combination. However, we will always acquire at least a controlling interest in a target business. The fair market value of a portion of a target business or assets will likely be calculated by multiplying the fair market value of the entire business by the percentage of the target we acquire. We may seek to consummate our initial business combination with an initial target business or businesses with a collective fair market value in excess of the balance in the Trust Account. In order to consummate such an initial business combination, we may issue a significant amount of debt, equity or other securities to the sellers of such business and/or seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt, equity or other securities (although our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that we may not issue securities that can vote with ordinary shareholders on matters related to our pre-initial business combination activity). If we issue securities in order to consummate such an initial business combination, our shareholders could end up owning a minority of the combined company s voting securities as there is no requirement that our shareholders own a certain percentage of our company (or, depending on the structure of the initial business combination, an ultimate parent company that may be formed) after our business combination. Since we have no specific business combination under consideration, we have not entered into any such arrangement to issue our debt or equity securities and have no current intention of doing so. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 We anticipate structuring our initial business combination to acquire 100 of the equity interest or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination to acquire less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business, but we will only consummate such business combination if we will become the majority shareholder of the target (or control the target through contractual arrangements in limited circumstances for regulatory compliance purposes) or are otherwise not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even though we will own a majority interest in the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. The fair market value of a target business or businesses or assets will be determined by our board of directors based upon standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as actual and potential gross margins, the values of comparable businesses, earnings and cash flow, book value and, where appropriate, upon the advice of appraisers or other professional consultants. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine that the target business or assets has a sufficient fair market value to meet the threshold criterion, we will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated, independent investment banking firm or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criterion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless we consummate a business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent accounting firm that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders. Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team Although we closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. The future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. Consequently, members of our management team may not become a part of the target s management team, and the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Further, it is also not certain whether one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination. Moreover, members of our management team may not have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. Our key personnel may not remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following our initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We may not have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons. Under Nasdaq s listing rules, shareholder approval would typically be required for our initial business combination if, for example: We issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of our ordinary shares then-outstanding (other than in a public offering); Any of our directors, officers or substantial shareholder (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 of greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 The issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. 
 The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company; the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote; the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; other time and budget constraints of the company; and additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders. 
 Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders Upon Consummation of Our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the Trust Account is initially anticipated to be approximately 10.20 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our sponsor, our directors, and our officers have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares held by them, and any public shares they may acquire during or after our initial public offering in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. CCM and Cantor have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to the Private Placement Shares held by them. Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would require shareholder approval. If we structure a business combination transaction with a target company in a manner that requires shareholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a shareholder vote to approve the proposed business combination. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement and we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq rules. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 If shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and file proxy materials with the SEC. 
 We expect that a final proxy statement would be mailed to public shareholders at least 10 days prior to the shareholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such shareholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Although we are not required to do so, we currently intend to comply with the substantive and procedural requirements of Regulation 14A in connection with any shareholder vote even if we are not able to maintain our Nasdaq listing or Exchange Act registration. In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of a majority of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote at a general meeting in favor of the business combination. In such case, pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, our initial shareholders have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree) to vote any founder shares and Private Placement Shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the initial public offering. We expect that at the time of any shareholder vote relating to our initial business combination, our initial shareholders and their respective permitted transferees will own at least 74 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares entitled to vote thereon (excluding any shares underlying any units our initial shareholders may purchase in the initial public offering and the Private Placement Shares our sponsor purchased in the private placement). Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our sponsor, our directors, and our officers have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares held by them, and any public shares they may acquire during or after the initial public offering in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. CCM and Cantor will not be entitled to redemption rights with respect to any Private Placement Shares held by them in connection with the completion of a business combination. If a shareholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 
 Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our Class A ordinary shares in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares that are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Redemptions of our public shares may also be subject to a higher net tangible asset test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. Limitation on Redemption Rights upon Consummation of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. . We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our sponsor or its affiliates to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our sponsor or its affiliates at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in the IPO, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers and directors have, pursuant to a letter agreement entered into with us, waived their right to have any founder shares or public shares held by them redeemed in connection with our initial business combination. Unless any of our other affiliates acquires founder shares through a permitted transfer from our sponsor, officers and directors, and thereby becomes subject to the letter agreement, no such affiliate is subject to this waiver. However, to the extent any such affiliate acquires public shares in the IPO or thereafter through open market purchases, it would be a public shareholder and restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to any Excess Shares. Permitted Purchases of Our Securities by Our Affiliates In the event we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, or their respective affiliates may purchase shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares or warrants such persons may purchase. Any such privately negotiated purchases may be effected at purchase prices that are not higher than the per share pro rata portion of the amount held in the Trust Account. However, such persons have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the Trust Account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. Such persons will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. We have adopted an insider trading policy which will require insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing shares during certain blackout periods and when they are in possession of any material non-public 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 information and (ii) to clear all trades with our legal counsel prior to execution. We cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be dependent upon several factors, including but not limited to, the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances, our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, or their respective affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. The purpose of such purchases would be to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. If such arrangements or agreements are entered into, we will file a Current Report on Form 8-K prior to the special meeting of stockholders to disclose any arrangements entered into or significant purchases made by any of the aforementioned persons. Any such report will include (i) the amount of shares purchased and the purchase price; (ii) the purpose of such purchases; (iii) the impact of such purchases on the likelihood that the business combination will be approved; (iv) the identities or characteristics of security holders who sold shares if not purchased in the open market or the nature of the sellers; and (v) the number of shares for which we have received redemption requests. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our ordinary shares may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our sponsor, directors, officers, or their respective affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, directors, officers, or their respective affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, directors, officers, or their respective affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the Trust Account or vote against the business combination. Such persons would select the shareholders from whom to acquire shares based on the number of shares available, the negotiated price per share and such other factors as any such person may deem relevant at the time of purchase. The price per share paid in any such transaction may not be higher than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. Our sponsor, directors, officers, or their respective affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Any purchases by our sponsor, directors, officers, or their respective affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, directors, officers, or their respective affiliates will not make purchases of ordinary shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Tendering Share Certificates in Connection With a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights We may require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the DWAC System, rather than simply voting against the initial business combination. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 requirements. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Pursuant to the tender offer rules, the tender offer period will be not less than 20 business days and, in the case of a shareholder vote, a final proxy statement would be mailed to public shareholders at least 10 days prior to the shareholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such shareholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. The foregoing is different from the procedures used by other blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option window after the completion of the business combination during which he, she, or it could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he, she, or it could sell his, her, or its shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the general meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the general meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until July 29, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board). Ability to extend the time to complete our initial business combination We initially had until 15 months from the closing of our initial public offering to consummate our initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within such period, we may, if requested by our sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to three additional times, each by an additional one month (for a total of up to 21 months to complete a business combination), subject to the sponsor depositing additional funds into the Trust Account as set out below. Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of incorporation and the trust agreement between us and AST, as amended, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination, we must deposit into the Trust Account for each additional one-month extension, 165,000 on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, up to an aggregate of 990,000. Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the Trust Account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed that we will have only until July 29, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board) to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by July 29, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board), we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest that shall be net of taxes payable (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination by July 29, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board). Our sponsor, our officers, and our directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by July 29, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board). The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by July 29, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board) and subsequently liquidate and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of our public shares. However, if our sponsor, our officers, or our directors acquire public shares after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by July 29, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board). Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by July 29, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board) or (ii) with respect to the other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares. We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the 1,450,000 of proceeds held outside the Trust Account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the Trust Account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Shares, other than the proceeds deposited in the Trust Account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the Trust Account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.20. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be substantially less than 10.20. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations are limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only third parties we currently expect to engage would be vendors such as lawyers, investment bankers, computer or information and technical services providers or prospective target businesses. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. None of our other officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be substantially less than 10.20 per share. We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to 1,450,000 from the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Shares, with which to pay any such potential claims. In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our Trust Account could be liable for claims made by creditors. Our offering expenses exceeded our estimate of 550,000, thus the amount of funds we intend to hold outside the Trust Account decreased by a corresponding amount. If we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the Trust Account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.20 per share to our public 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earlier of (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by July 29, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination by July 29, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board), subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the Trust Account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups, venture capital funds leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have significant experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, the requirement that, so long as our securities are listed on Nasdaq, we acquire a target business or businesses having a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the value of the Trust Account (less certain advisory fees to I-Bankers and taxes payable on interest earned and less any interest earned thereon that is released to us for taxes) at the time of the agreement to enter into the business combination, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination, and our outstanding warrants and the potential future dilution they represent, may not be viewed favourably by certain target businesses. Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial business combination. Management Conflicts of Interest Certain of our directors and officers have fiduciary or contractual duties to certain other companies in which they have invested or advised. These entities may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If these entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunities. None of the members of our management team who are also employed by our sponsor or its affiliates have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our management team, in their capacities as members, officers or employees of our sponsor or its affiliates or in their other endeavors, may choose to present potential business combinations to the related entities described above, current or future entities affiliated with or managed by our sponsor, or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law and any other applicable duties. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and in the future any of our officers and directors may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present acquisition 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 opportunities to such entity. Accordingly, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an acquisition opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will need to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such acquisition opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, no director or officer shall be disqualified or prevented from contracting with the company nor shall any contract or transaction entered into by or on behalf of the company in which any director shall have an interest be liable to be avoided. A director shall be at liberty to vote in respect of any contract or transaction in which he is interested provided that the nature of such interest shall be disclosed at or prior to its consideration or any vote thereon by the board of directors. We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors would materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. Members of our management team may directly or indirectly own our ordinary shares and/or Private Placement Shares following the IPO, and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. Indemnity Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only third parties we currently expect to engage would be vendors such as lawyers, investment bankers, computer or information and technical services providers or prospective target businesses. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company; therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations. Employees As of the date of this Report, we have three officers and do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that our officers or any other members of our management team will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information We have registered our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, this Report contains financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to shareholders to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements must be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS and the historical financial statements must be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 accordance with federal proxy rules and consummate our initial business combination by July 29, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board). We evaluated our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and determined that we are not deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and continue to qualify as an emerging growth company. Therefore, we are not required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements on our internal control procedures. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following November 12, 2025, the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million on the last day of the second fiscal quarter of any given fiscal year, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Law. As an exempted company, we have applied for and received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements in this Report are any of the risks described in our final prospectus for our initial public offering filed with the SEC and the risks described in this Report. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. As of the date of this Report, other than as set forth below, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our final prospectus for our initial public offering filed with the SEC and declared effective by the SEC on October 19, 2021. See also the Risk Factors that set forth in the joint proxy statement/consent solicitation statement/prospectus included in a Registration Statement on Form S-4 that we have filed with the SEC relating to our proposed business combination with Zoomcar. We have no operating history and is subject to a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution requirement. As such, there is a risk that we will be unable to continue as a going concern we do not consummate an initial business combination by July 29, 2023 (unless such date is extended by our shareholders). If we are unable to effect an initial business combination by July 29, 2023, we will be forced to liquidate and our warrants will expire worthless. We are a blank check company, and as we have no operating history and are subject to a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution requirement, there is a risk that we will be unable to continue as a going concern if we do not consummate an initial business combination by July 29, 2023 (unless extended by our shareholders). Unless we amend our Existing Organizational Documents (which would require the affirmative vote of the holders of 65 of all then outstanding ordinary shares) and certain other agreements into which we have entered to expand the life of the Company, if we do not complete an initial business combination by July 29, 2023, the Company will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and its board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire and be worthless if we fail to consummate an initial business combination by July 29, 2023, or such later date as may be approved by our shareholders. The Existing Organizational Documents provide that, if it winds up for any other reason prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, the Company will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the Trust Account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In such case, based on the amount of funds on deposit in the Trust Account as of the record date, our public shareholders would receive only approximately per public share upon the redemption of their shares and their warrants would expire worthless. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, we would expect to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and liquidate the Trust Account. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities would be severely restricted, including: restrictions on the nature of our investments; and restrictions on the issuance of securities. 
 In addition, we would be subject to burdensome compliance requirements, including: registration as an investment company with the SEC; adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. 
 As a result, if we were deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we would expect to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and liquidate the Trust Account. In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete an initial business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. To that end, the proceeds held in the Trust Account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the Trust Agreement, the Trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term, we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. Certain proposed rules issued by the SEC on March 30, 2022 would provide a safe harbor for SPACs from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that they satisfy certain conditions that limit a SPAC s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities. The duration component of the proposed safe harbor rule would require a SPAC to file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC announcing that it has entered into an agreement with the target company (or companies) to engage in an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of the SPAC s registration statement for its initial public offering. The SPAC would then be required to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of its registration statement for its initial public offering. Although the proposed rules, including the proposed safe harbor rule, have not yet been adopted, and may be adopted in a revised form, the SEC has indicated that there are serious questions concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC that does not complete its initial business combination within the proposed time frame set forth in the proposed safe harbor rule. Notwithstanding whether or not the proposed rules are adopted by the SEC, we may be deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act. As a SPAC, we were formed for the sole purpose of completing an initial business combination. The longer that the funds in the Trust Account are held in short-term U.S. government treasury obligations or in money market funds invested exclusively in such securities, even prior to the 24-month anniversary of our IPO, the greater the risk that we may be considered an unregistered investment company, in which case we may be required to liquidate. Accordingly, we will liquidate the securities held in the Trust Account prior to the end of the 24-month period after the effective date of our IPO registration statement, or October 26, 2023, and instead hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash, which would further reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation. Further, if we do not invest the proceeds held in the Trust Account as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, and the loss you may suffer as a result of being deemed subject to the Investment Company Act may be greater than if we liquidated the securities held in the Trust Account and instead held such funds in cash. We do not believe that our principal activities will subject us to regulation under the Investment Company Act. However, if we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete the Business Combination. In such circumstances, we would expect to abandon our efforts to complete the Business Combination and liquidate the Trust Account. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the required time period and are required to liquidate the Trust Account, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.26 per share (based on the amount in the Trust Account as of September 30, 2022), or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account, and our warrants will expire worthless. If we are required to liquidate, you may lose all or part of your investment in the Company and our investors would not be able to realize the benefits of owning shares in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our shares and warrants following such a transaction, and our warrants would expire and become worthless. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 In order to mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we will, prior to the end of the 24-month period after the effective date of our IPO registration statement, or October 26, 2023, instruct the Trustee to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash until the earlier of the consummation of the Business Combination or our liquidation. Any decision to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash would likely reduce the amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation. While the funds in our Trust Account may only be invested in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, we will, prior to the end of the 24-month period after the effective date of our IPO registration statement, or October 26, 2023, instruct the Trustee to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash until the earlier of the consummation of the Business Combination or our liquidation in order to mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act. Any decision to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash, combined with any permitted withdrawals of interest held in the Trust Account to pay our taxes, would likely reduce the effective yield on the amounts in the Trust Account and the amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation. The Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS or other regulatory agencies may modify, delay or prevent our initial business combination. CFIUS has authority to review direct or indirect investments whereby a foreign person acquires control over or, for more sensitive businesses involving critical technology, critical infrastructure, and sensitive personal data, certain types of non-controlling rights in U.S. businesses. Some transactions within the jurisdiction of CFIUS trigger a mandatory CFIUS filing requirement. Otherwise, notifying CFIUS of a transaction within its jurisdiction is voluntary. CFIUS can reach out to parties to transactions within its jurisdiction that did not notify CFIUS and request that the parties submit a CFIUS notice and can self-initiate national security reviews. If CFIUS identifies national security concerns in connection with its review of an investment, CFIUS has the power to impose measures to mitigate such concerns and, in extreme cases, require the foreign person to divest of the investment. Whether CFIUS has jurisdiction to review an acquisition or investment transaction depends on, among other factors, whether the investor/acquiror of the U.S. business is a foreign person or foreign entity, the nature and structure of the transaction, the level of beneficial ownership interest being acquired, and the nature of any information or governance rights acquired by the foreign investor. The Chief Operating Officer of the Company, who is also a director of the Company, is a non-U.S. person. Another director of the Company and an advisor of the Company are also non-U.S. persons. The Sponsor is not a non-U.S. person, is not controlled by a non-U.S. person and has no substantial ties with a non- U.S. person. The individuals mentioned above hold certain Founder Shares through the Sponsor. In addition, the Company currently is incorporated in the Cayman Islands, but prior to our initial business combination, the Company will change its jurisdiction of incorporation from the Cayman Islands to the State of Delaware. At that time, prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we do not believe that the Company will be a foreign entity under the CFIUS regulations, but we cannot predict whether CFIUS would treat the Company as a foreign person/entity or whether CFIUS would consider our initial business combination, including the domestication and/or acquisition, as a covered transaction. Our initial business combination may be subject to CFIUS review, depending on the ultimate share ownership of the combined company following our business combination and other factors. As a result, the pool of potential targets with which we could complete an initial business combination may be limited. If we think the risk that our initial business combination will trigger a mandatory CFIUS filing is low and that our initial business combination otherwise does not raise sensitive national security concerns, we may determine to proceed with the transaction without notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention before or after closing the transaction. The time necessary for CFIUS review of the transaction or a decision to delay or prohibit the transaction may prevent our initial business combination from occurring within the applicable time period required under our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the applicable time period required under our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, we will be required to wind up, redeem and liquidate. In such event, our shareholders will miss the opportunity to benefit from an investment in a target company and the appreciation in value of such investment through our initial business combination. Additionally, there will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless in the event of our winding up. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. Not applicable. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Properties. We currently maintain our executive offices at 24681 La Plaza Ste 300, Dana Point, CA 92629. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. To the knowledge of our management team, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. (a) Market Information 
 Our public units, Class A ordinary shares, and public warrants are each traded on Nasdaq under the symbols IOACU, IOAC, and IOACW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on Nasdaq on October 26, 2021. Our public shares and public warrants commenced separate public trading on December 21, 2021. (b) Holders 
 On March 27, 2023, there were 1 holder of record of our units, 4 holders of record of our Class A ordinary shares, 1 holder of record of our Class B ordinary shares, and 1 holder of record of our warrants. (c) Dividends 
 We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time and we will only pay such dividend out of our profits or share premium (subject to solvency requirements) as permitted under Cayman Islands law. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share capitalizations in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. (d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. None. (e) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities
 None. (f) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. Item 6. Reserved. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Island exempted company on March 22, 2021. We were formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar business transaction with one or more businesses (a Business Combination ). 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from March 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, relates our formation, the IPO, and subsequent to the IPO, identifying a target company for a Business Combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination, at the earliest. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the IPO. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. Our sponsor is Innovative International Sponsor I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the sponsor ). Our registration statement for the IPO was declared effective on October 26, 2021 (the Effective Date ). On October 29, 2021, we consummated our IPO of 23,000,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares at 10.00 per Unit (which included the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option) and the sale of 1,060,000 shares (the Private Placement Shares at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Share in a private placement to our Sponsor, Cohen Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC CCM ), and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Cantor ), the representative of the underwriters that closed simultaneously with the IPO. Transaction costs amounted to 16,664,843 consisting of 3,173,059 of underwriting commissions, 12,100,000 of deferred underwriting commissions and 1,391,784 of other cash offering costs and were charged to equity. Our initial Business Combination must occur with one or more operating businesses or assets with an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80 of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, we will only complete such Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that we will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. Upon the closing of the IPO, management deposited 234,600,000 or 10.20 per Unit sold in the IPO, including a portion of the proceeds of the Private Placement Shares, into the Trust Account that to be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 interest to pay dissolution expenses), the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Shares deposited into the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of our initial Business Combination, the redemption of our public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of the public shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within 21 months from the closing of the IPO or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-Business Combination activity and (iii) the redemption of all of the public shares if we are unable to complete its initial Business Combination within 21 months from the closing of the IPO, subject to applicable law. In connection with the Extension (as defined below), in January 2023, IOAC shareholders holding 19,949,665 public shares exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. As a result, approximately 206.5 million (approximately 10.35 per public share redeemed) was removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders and approximately 31.5 million remains in the Trust Account. On October 13, 2022, we entered into the Merger Agreement with Zoomcar and certain other parties. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, (i) the Company will continue out of the Cayman Islands and re-domesticate into a Delaware corporation and (ii) following the Domestication, a Delaware subsidiary of our Company will merge with and into Zoomcar, with Zoomcar continuing as the surviving entity and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and with each Zoomcar stockholder receiving shares of post-Domestication Company common stock. In connection with the Zoomcar Transaction, we also entered into (i) the Ananda Trust Subscription Agreement, pursuant to which Ananda Trust to subscribe for 1,000,000 newly issued shares of the common stock (following the Domestication) of the Company at a purchase price of 10.00 per share; (ii) the Lock-Up Agreements, pursuant to which certain Zoomcar stockholders agreed to subject certain shares of common stock of the post-combination company held by them to the restrictions described therein from the Closing until the termination of applicable lock-up periods described therein; (iii) the Stockholder Support Agreements, pursuant to which, among other things, the stockholders party to such Stockholder Support 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Agreements have agreed to support the approval and adoption of the Zoomcar Transaction and to certain transfer restrictions with respect to their Zoomcar shares; and (iv) the Sponsor Support Agreement, pursuant to which our sponsor agreed to (A) vote all ordinary shares of the Company held by our sponsor at any meeting of the shareholders of the Company in favor of the approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement and the Zoomcar Transaction; (B) not redeem or transfer any of the shares held by our sponsor, or deposit into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement in consistent with the Sponsor Support Agreement and (C) waive the anti-dilution right associated with the shares held by our sponsor and our sponsor shall use its best efforts to cooperate with the Company and Zoomcar in connection with obtaining the financing transactions. On September 7, 2022, IOAC issued an unsecured promissory note (the September 2022 Note ), in the amount of up to 500,000 to Ananda Trust. The September 2022 Note bears no interest and the principal balance is payable on the date of the consummation of the Company s initial business combination. On or before the maturity date, Ananda Trust has the option to convert all or any portion of the principal outstanding under the September 2022 Note into Class A ordinary shares of the Company at a conversion price of 10.00 per share. The terms of such shares, if any, would be identical to the terms of the Private Placement Shares. On January 3, 2023, we issued an unsecured promissory note (the January 2023 Note ), in the amount of up to 500,000 to Ananda Trust. The proceeds of the January 2023 Note may be drawn down from time to time prior to the Maturity Date (as defined below) upon request by the Company. The January 2023 Note bears no interest, and the principal balance is payable on the date of the consummation of the Company s initial business combination (the Maturity Date ). The January 2023 Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of certain of which automatically triggers the unpaid principal balance of the January 2023 Note and all other sums payable with regard to the January 2023 Note becoming immediately due and payable. On January 19, 2023, we held the Extraordinary General Meeting EGM for the purposes of considering and voting upon the Charter and the Trust Agreement Amendments. At the EGM, the shareholders of the Company approved an amendment (the Charter Amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination up to six (6) times for an additional one (1) month each time from January 29, 2023 to July 29, 2023 (which is 21 months from the closing of the Company s initial public offering). In connection with the EGM, shareholders holding 19,949,665 public shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Company s Trust Account. As a result, approximately 206.5 million (approximately 10.35 per public share redeemed) was removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders and approximately 31.5 million remains in the Trust Account. Following redemptions, the Company has 3,050,335 public shares outstanding. Our sponsor has agreed to make available to the Company an aggregate amount of up to 990,000 to be used only for expenses accrued in connection with the extension of the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination, pursuant to a promissory note in favor of our sponsor (the Extension Note ). The Extension Note is non-convertible and bears no interest, and the principal balance is payable by the Company on the Maturity Date, as defined in the Extension Note. The issuance of the Extension Note was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. On January 26, 2023 and on February 28, 2023, in connection with the Extension, we deposited 165,000 and 165,000 into the Trust Account, which amount will be included in the pro rata amount distributed to (i) all of the holders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares sold in the Company s initial public offering Public Shares upon the Company s liquidation or (ii) holders of Public Shares who elect to have their shares redeemed in connection with the consummation of the Company s initial business combination. We will have until July 29, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board) to complete the Business Combination (the Combination Period ). If we are unable to consummate our Business Combination within the Combination Period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. Risks and Uncertainties In February 2022, Russia commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action, various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against Russia. The invasion of Ukraine may result in market volatility that could adversely affect our stock price and our search for a target company. Other recent events contributing to a climate of geopolitical uncertainty include rising tensions between China and Taiwan. Further, the impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy are not determinable as of the date of these financial statements and the specific impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. Management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on our financial position, results of our operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, including ours, and may lead to other national, regional and international economic disruptions, any of which could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. Results of Operations and Known Trends or Future Events Through December 31, 2022, we have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for the IPO and subsequent to the completion of the IPO, customary business conduct relating to finding a target for the Business Combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial Business Combination. We expect to generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents after the IPO. There has been no significant change in our financial or trading position and no material adverse change has occurred since the date of our audited financial statements. We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. We expect our expenses to increase substantially since we have entered into the Merger Agreement with Zoomcar. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net loss of 4,625,808, which consists of formation and operating costs of 8,009,751, offset by interest income from bank of 56 and interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 3,383,887. For the period from March 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 229,230, which consists of formation and operating costs of 233,253, offset by interest income from bank of 17 and interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 4,006. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 10,436 and a working capital deficit of 6,708,272. Following the consummation of the IPO on October 29, 2021, we had 2,800,472 of cash available to us, temporarily being held in the Sponsor s bank account, and working capital of 1,210,696. We opened our operating bank account and the 2,800,472 was transferred to us from the Sponsor s account on November 1, 2021. Our liquidity needs were satisfied prior to completion of IPO through advances on behalf of us of 25,000 from the sale of the Founder Shares to our sponsor and up to 300,000 in loans from our sponsor under an unsecured promissory note. As of October 29, 2021, we had borrowed 122,292 under the unsecured promissory note. The balance was repaid on November 5, 2021. We received net proceeds from (i) the sale of the units in the IPO, after deducting offering expenses of approximately 550,000 and underwriting commissions of 4,000,000 (excluding deferred underwriting commissions of 12,100,000 since the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised in full), and (ii) the sale of the Private Placement Shares for a purchase price of 10,600,000 in the aggregate amount of 236,050,000 since the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised in full. Of this amount, 234,600,000, including 12,100,000 in deferred underwriting commissions, was deposited into a non-interest-bearing Trust Account. The funds in the Trust Account were invested only in specified U.S. government treasury bills or in specified money market funds. The remaining 1,450,000 is not held in the Trust Account. On September 7, 2022, the Company issued the September 2022 Note, in the amount of up to 500,000 to Ananda Trust, an affiliate of the Sponsor. The September 2022 Note is unsecured and bears no interest and the principal balance is payable on the date of the consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination (the Maturity Date ). On or before the Maturity Date, Ananda Trust has the option to convert all or any portion of the principal outstanding under the September 2022 Note into Class A ordinary shares of the Company Working Capital Shares at a conversion price of 10.00 per share. The terms of the Working Capital Shares, if any, would be identical to the terms of the Private Placement Shares issued by the Company at the time of its IPO. The September 2022 Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of certain of which automatically triggers the unpaid principal balance of the September 2022 Note and all other sums payable with regard to the September 2022 Note becoming immediately due and payable. The conversion feature included in the September 2022 Note does not meet definition of the derivative instrument. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and excluding deferred underwriting commissions) to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest to pay taxes, if any. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account. To the extent that our ordinary shares or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. After completion of our IPO, we had available to us 1,450,000 of proceeds held outside the Trust Account. We will use these funds primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a business combination, and to pay taxes to the extent the interest earned on the Trust Account is not sufficient to pay our taxes. In addition, we could use a portion of the funds not being placed in trust to pay commitment fees for financing, fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business or as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into an agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business, the amount that would be used as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision would be determined based on the terms of the specific business combination and the amount of our 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 available funds at the time. Our forfeiture of such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise) could result in our not having sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conducting due diligence with respect to, prospective target businesses. Going Concern We anticipate that the 10,436 of cash held outside of the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022, might not be sufficient to allow the us to operate for at least the next 12 months from the issuance of the financial statements, assuming that a Business Combination is not consummated during that time. Until consummation of our Business Combination, we will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account, and any additional Working Capital Loans from the initial shareholders, the Company s officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. None of the sponsor, officers or directors are under any obligation to advance funds to, or to invest in, the Company. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of our business plan, and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company has until July 29, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board) to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after July 29, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board). Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than as described below. On April 17, 2021, our Sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of December 31, 2021, or the closing of the IPO. A portion of the loan was repaid upon the closing of the IPO out of the offering proceeds not held in the Trust Account. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no borrowings under the promissory note. On September 7, 2022, we have issued an unsecured promissory note in the amount of up to 500,000 to the Sponsor. The September 2022 bears no interest and the principal balance is payable on the date of the consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination (the Maturity Date ). On or before the Maturity Date, the Sponsor has the option to convert all or any portion of the principal outstanding under the September 2022 Note into Class A ordinary shares of the Company Working Capital Shares at a conversion price of 10.00 per share. The terms of the Working Capital Shares, if any, would be identical to the terms of the Private Placement Shares issued by the Company at the time of its IPO. The September 2022 Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of certain of which automatically triggers the unpaid principal balance of the September 2022 Note and all other sums 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 payable with regard to the September 2022 Note becoming immediately due and payable. The conversion feature included in the September 2022 Note does not meet definition of the derivative instrument. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions On April 17, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000 to cover certain of our offering costs in exchange for 7,187,500 founder shares. On September 20, 2021, we effected a dividend of 1.12 shares for each outstanding Class B ordinary share, resulting in an aggregate of 8,050,000 founder shares being held by our sponsor (up to 1,060,000 shares of which were subject to forfeiture by our sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised), resulting in a purchase price of approximately 0.003 per share. The purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to us by the number of founder shares issued. As such, our initial shareholders collectively owned approximately 25 of our issued and outstanding shares (excluding any shares underlying any units our initial shareholders may purchase in the IPO and the Private Placement Shares our sponsor intends to purchase in the private placement) after the IPO. None of our sponsor, officers, and directors intends to purchase any units after the IPO. We are reimbursing our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team, in the amount of 10,000 per month. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Our sponsor, officers and directors, advisers, and any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any bona-fide, documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisers, or any of their respective affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. Prior to the closing of the IPO, our sponsor has agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had 500,000 and no borrowings under the promissory note with our sponsor. On September 7, 2022, we have issued an unsecured promissory note (the September 2022 Note ), in the amount of up to 500,000 to Ananda Trust. The September 2022 Note bears no interest and the principal balance is payable on the date of the consummation of the Company s initial business combination (the Maturity Date ). On or before the Maturity Date, the Sponsor has the option to convert all or any portion of the principal outstanding under the September 2022 Note into Class A ordinary shares of the Company Working Capital Shares at a conversion price of 10.00 per share. The terms of the Working Capital Shares, if any, would be identical to the terms of the Private Placement Shares issued by the Company at the time of its IPO. The September 2022 Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of certain of which automatically triggers the unpaid principal balance of the September 2022 Note and all other sums payable with regard to the September 2022 Note becoming immediately due and payable. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into Class A ordinary shares at a price of 10.00 per share, at the option of the lender. Such shares would be identical to the Private Placement Shares. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. Our sponsor, Cantor and CCM purchased an aggregate of 1,060,000 Class A ordinary shares at a price of 10.00 per share 10,060,000 in the aggregate) in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of the IPO. Of those 1,060,000 Private Placement Shares, our sponsor purchased 960,000 Private Placement Shares, CCM has purchased 30,000 Private Placement Shares, and Cantor purchased 70,000 Private Placement Shares. Our sponsor, Cantor and CCM are permitted to transfer the Private Placement Shares they hold to certain permitted transferees, including their respective directors, officers, and other persons or entities affiliated with or related to them, but the transferees receiving such securities will be subject to the same agreements with respect to such securities. In addition, 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 the Private Placement Shares are not, subject to certain limited exceptions, transferable or salable until 30 days after the completion of the IPO. The Private Placement Shares will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their respective permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Shares are held by holders other than the initial purchasers or their respective permitted transferees, the Private Placement Shares will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the shares and warrants included in the units sold in the IPO. Otherwise, and, except as described under Description of Securities Ordinary Shares Private Placement Shares in the final prospectus of the IPO that was filed with the SEC on October 28, 2021, the Private Placement Shares have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Public Shares. Pursuant to a registration rights agreement that we entered into with our sponsor, our directors, our officers, Cantor and CCM on or prior to the closing of the IPO, we are required to register the offer and sale of certain securities under the Securities Act. These holders, and holders of shares issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any, are entitled under the registration rights agreement to make up to three demands that we register the offer and sale of certain of our securities held by them under the Securities Act and to have the resale of the securities covered thereby registered pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders have the right to include the offer and sale of their securities in other registration statements filed by us. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until the offer and sale of the securities covered thereby are released from their lock-up restrictions, as described herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cantor may not exercise their demand and piggyback registration rights after five and seven years after the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part and may not exercise their demand rights on more than one occasion. We will bear the costs and expenses of filing any such registration statements. Simultaneously with the signing of the Merger Agreement, Ananda Trust, an affiliate of our sponsor and of Mohan Ananda and Elaine Price, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, respectively, entered into the Ananda Trust Subscription Agreement with the Company to subscribe for 1,000,000 newly issued shares of the Company s common stock (following the Domestication) at a purchase price of 10.00 per share. Simultaneously with the signing of the Merger Agreement, Ananda Trust also invested an aggregate of 10,000,000 in Zoomcar, in exchange for the Ananda Trust Note. At the Closing of the Merger, Zoomcar s repayment obligations under the Ananda Trust Note will be offset against Ananda Trust s payment obligations under the Ananda Trust Subscription Agreement and Ananda Trust will receive newly issued shares of the Company in accordance with the terms of the Ananda Trust Subscription Agreement. In the event that the Business Combination is not consummated by the one-year anniversary of the Ananda Trust Note (or upon the earlier termination of the Merger Agreement), the Ananda Trust Note issued by Zoomcar in consideration of the Ananda Trust Investment will be exchanged for a new convertible promissory note issued by Zoomcar, and such note will be convertible upon the consummation of a subsequent financing in which Zoomcar raises an aggregate of at least 5 million, and the Ananda Trust Subscription Agreement will terminate automatically. JOBS Act On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of executive compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our IPO or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: Ordinary Shares Subject to Redemption We account for our ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of our balance sheets. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. Net Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share We apply the two-class method in calculating earnings per share. Net income (loss) per ordinary share is computed by dividing the pro rata net income (loss) between the redeemable ordinary shares and the non-redeemable ordinary shares of by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for each of the periods. The calculation of diluted income (loss) per share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the IPO since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. Not applicable. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. None. PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Executive Officers As of the date of this Report, our directors and officers are as follows: 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Name Age Position Mohan Ananda, Ph.D. 76 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer Madan Menon 42 Chief Operating Officer and Director Elaine Price 67 Chief Financial Officer and Director Fernando Garibay 47 Director Anuradha Anu George 57 Director Nisheet Gupta 48 Director Valarie Sheppard 59 Director The experience of our directors and executive officers is as follows: Mohan Ananda serves as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Dr. Ananda was the founding Chairman, CEO, and President of Stamps.com (NASDAQ:STMP) and served on its board of directors. Stamps.com, established in 1996, is the leading provider of Internet-based mailing and shipping solutions and utilizes technology developed by Dr. Ananda and protected by a number of US patents. Dr. Ananda was instrumental in raising in excess of 400 million of capital for Stamps.com, which included multiple rounds of private raises, followed by its 55 million initial public offering on NASDAQ in 1999 and a 309.1 million follow-on public offering. In June 2021, Stamps.com agreed to settle claims in connection with a derivative suit brought by shareholders of Stamps.com in exchange for (i) payment of 30 million of insurance proceeds to Stamps.com on behalf of certain of the shareholders from D O insurance policies purchased by Stamps.com for the benefit of its directors and officers and Stamps.com; and (ii) implementation of certain corporate governance changes by Stamps.com. n August 2021, Stamps.com agreed to pay 100 million to settle claims in connection with a class action lawsuit brought by investors alleging Stamps.com misled investors about Stamps.com s relationship with the United States Postal Service to artificially inflate its stock price. Dr. Ananda also has been instrumental in entering into a definitive agreement for Stamps.com (STMP) to be acquired by Thoma Bravo, LP, a leading software investment firm, in an all-cash transaction that values Stamps.com at approximately 6.6 billion. Under the terms of the agreement, Stamps.com stockholders will receive 330.00 per share. Dr. Ananda was also the founder and director of a European-based investment firm, JAB Holdings Limited JAB ). JAB s capital was raised through a public offering in the Alternative Investment Market of the London Stock Exchange in the United Kingdom. Dr. Ananda was also a founder of Envestnet, Inc. (NYSE:ENV) Envestnet ), which is a leading provider of solutions to financial advisors and institutions. Dr. Ananda served as a director on Envestnet s board for a number of years. He is also the Chairman and CEO of Ananda Enterprises, Inc. a California company that provides technology and management consulting services. Dr. Ananda has been a managing partner in the law firm of Ananda Krause, since 1986 and is the founding Chairman and CEO of Ananda Foundation (ananda-foundation.org). Ananda Foundation is a non-profit organization committed to bringing innovation in healthcare management to the lives of people by providing medical services online (telemedicine) for Neurology/Neurosurgery, Internal Medicine Pediatric/Adolescent Medicine patients from all over the world. This includes clinical knowledge exchange, health technology implementation, and patient treatment in collaboration with the areas of telemedicine, tele-radiology services, and remote medical opinions/second opinions. Dr. Ananda is also the Chairman of Paanini Foundation. The Paanini Foundation is focused on how technology can help employees do their jobs more innovatively and how human-machine collaboration can lead to a new paradigm of productivity. The Paanini Foundation s mission is to prepare employees who may be impacted by AI and automation for the new opportunities that they will encounter. Dr. Ananda is also working with the Stanford Seed Transformation program organized by Stanford University though the Stanford Institute for Innovation in Developing Economies as a Seed Consultant assisting companies in India in the areas of improving management, growth, marketing and finances. Dr. Ananda was the former Director of space systems at Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a NASA center from April 1970 to March 1980, and was the former Director of Research Development for the Aerospace Corporation, a think tank for the US Air Force from March 1980 to December 1989 where Dr. Ananda was the primary architect for the development of the Global Positioning System (GPS) for the U.S. Department of Defense. Our board has determined that Dr. Ananda s extensive experience qualifies him to serve as our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and a member of our board of directors. Dr. Ananda received his B.S. degree with Honors in Mechanical Engineering from Coimbatore Institute of Technology, Coimbatore, India. He received his MS degree in Aeronautics from California Institute of Technology, Pasadena, California. He also obtained a Ph.D. from the University of California at Los Angeles in Astro-dynamics and Control. He also obtained his law degree, J.D. from the University of West Los Angeles and has been a member of the California Bar since 1986. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Madan Menon serves as our Chief Operating Officer and a member of our board of directors. Mr. Menon is the CEO of Frientap Inc, a California headquartered Social Marketplace startup, navigating them through strategy and growth. Mr. Menon brings more than 17 years of startup and technology experience having worked with enterprises and startups in multiple capacities. Mr. Menon joined Xcinex Corporation as chief operating officer in 2017 and was responsible for Xcinex s product development and fund raising. In 2016, Mr. Menon, as director of Orion Diagnostix Pvt Ltd, setup www.testmyblood.in, to bring professional home collection of blood tests that are carried out by the lab of the patient s choice. He designed a scalable and resilient architecture that ensured minimal downtime and maximum uptime. Mr. Menon served as chief operating officer of Flowedge Financial Solutions Flowedge ), a fintech firm focused on the proprietary trading market, from February 2012 to July 2018. He also founded Virtu Technologies India, a private partnership managed service provider focused on the SMB market, servicing industries such as healthcare, finance, education and manufacturing, and he grew the company substantially year on year, ultimately leading the company to its exit. During his leadership, Mr. Menon grew the team, implemented cutting edge projects that saved customers a considerable amount of their annual IT budgets and improved operational efficiencies. In the non-profit sector, Mr. Menon serves on the board of directors of The International Wolf Center since December 2021. We believe Mr. Menon s experience and expertise qualify him as our Chief Operating Officer and a member of our board of directors. Mr. Menon earned his MBA in 2005 in marketing operations from Great Lakes Institute of Management, a premier business School in India. He holds a B.S. in Physics and holds certificates in Marketing Finance from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania and in Cybersecurity from New York University s Tandon School of Engineering. He has investments in companies in India, the U.S., and Singapore and is passionate about startups. Elaine Price serves as our Chief Financial Officer and member of our board of directors. Ms. Price has been a certified public accountant for more than 40 years, embarking on her career in 1977, and has owned her own practice for over 25 years. She received her bachelor s degree in Business Administration Accounting from California State University Fullerton and a Master of Business Taxation from the University of Southern California. Ms. Price has served on the board of directors of two not-for-profit organizations CloverLane Foundation and Next Step Service Dogs. In her practice, she consulted clients who are starting a business, transferring business between generations, and clients who have plans to expand globally. In addition, she was an assistant clinical professor at USC, teaching subjects from beginning accounting to tax classes in the master s program. Our board has determined that Ms. Price extensive experience in financial services qualifies her as our Chief Financial Officer and a member of our board of directors. Fernando Garibay is an American record producer, songwriter, DJ and entrepreneur. He was the official musical director of Lady Gaga s Born This Way Ball tour and the producer of the Born This Way album. He has produced and creative consulted for several top performing artists such as Lady Gaga, U2, Whitney Houston, Britney Spears, Enrique Iglesias, Bruno Mars, Rihanna and others and labels such as Sony Music Warner Music Group. Mr. Garibay spent more than a decade as part of the in-house creative team at Interscope Records as executive, producer, and artist under the mentorship and direction of Jimmy Iovine, ultimately rising to be the chief- producer. Mr. Garibay is the founder and Chief Executive Officer of The Garibay Center, an institute aiming to instill orthogonal thinking and achieve higher levels of performance for C-Suite executives by invigorating creativity through his unique music knowledge. He also founded the imprint Paradise/Interscope, which is owned by the Universal Music Group. Mr. Garibay is a mentor at startup accelerators, such as Gener8tor. Mr. Garibay is a guest lecturer at Harvard University (Harvard Business School) and at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Media Lab in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Having started making hit records since 1998, Mr. Garibay s deep experience with the media and entertainment industry will help us assess prospects targets from a marketing and branding perspective. We believe Mr. Garibay to be qualified to serve as a director because of his extensive music production and marketing experience. We believe Mr. Garibay s experience and expertise qualify him as a member of board of directors. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Anuradha Anu George is the Client Experience Digital Transformation Leader at AIG, responsible for driving a digital, customer-first culture at AIG and for digitizing the broke and end customer experience. She was previously COO -Technology Transformation at Morningstar. Her prior experiences include progressive leadership roles with GE Capital, the last as VP, Wholesale Finance Operations and P L responsibility for the roasted coffee brands in Unilever, India. Ms. George is a customer focused, innovations and digital transformation executive who has successfully helped business leaders prepare for the Future of Work by connecting strategy with digitalization and operational excellence methods. Having worked for leading multinational organizations (GE, Unilever and Morningstar), she has led large operations and shared services teams globally in North America, Europe Asia. Her expertise includes business strategy and transformations; emerging technologies; M A led integrations; organizational design; LEAN Six Sigma; and offshoring/global outsourcing. During her tenure at Morningstar GE, Ms. George has led significant initiatives such as integrating an acquired business of 2.5 billion in assets; driving the introduction of emerging technologies such as (Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Chatbots, Robotics Process Automation) and leading a global business organizational re-design to enable faster growth productivity. Ms. George is passionate about diversity and inclusion and served as executive sponsor of the Women s and Asia resource groups for both Morningstar and GE. Ms. George also believes in giving back to the community and is an active member of the board of the Chicago Literacy Alliance. Ms. George has received an MBA from the University of Mumbai and has completed the prestigious Management Development Program at GE Crotonville. She is a certified GE Six Sigma Quality Leader and black belt. Having started her career in 1988, Ms. George s deep experience with business transformation and her knowledge of ESG will be critical in not only assessing prospective targets but also playing a key role in the M A transaction. We believe Ms. George to be qualified to serve as a director because of her extensive expertise in digitizing businesses with emerging technologies, coupled with her diverse background and global management experience. We believe Ms. George s experience qualifies her as a member of board of directors. Nisheet Gupta has been the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Pace Analytical LLC since August 2022. In this role, Mr. Gupta oversees all aspects of the Pace Analytical LLC s financial functions, including accounting, treasury, financial planning and analysis, global tax compliance, investor relations, internal audit, risk management and finance excellence. From June 2020 to August 2022, Mr. Gupta served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Apogee Enterprises, Inc. Mr. Gupta brings more than 20 years of experience as a finance leader. Most recently, he served as Vice President of Global Finance Operations at Land O Lakes, a leading agribusiness and food company, where he led business unit finance and transformation. Prior to joining Land O Lakes, Mr. Gupta worked at Diebold Nixdorf, as Vice President, Finance, Global Transformation from 2016 to 2017, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer, International from 2014 to 2016 and in various roles in Diebold Nixdorf s financial organization, from 2011 to 2014. Earlier in his career, Mr. Gupta served in numerous finance leadership roles with leading global companies including FirstData (now FISERV), Novartis, FedEx and E Y. Mr. Gupta brings a wealth of diverse experiences, having worked and lived in nine different countries over the course of his career. He holds an MBA from the Columbia Business School and London Business School; he is a Chartered Accountant and also a Bachelor of Commerce from the University of Delhi. Having started his career in 1995, Mr. Gupta s deep financial knowledge and deal making experience will be crucial in the M A transaction. We believe Mr. Gupta to be qualified to serve as a director because of his extensive cross-border finance and M A experience. We believe Mr. Gupta s experience and expertise qualify him a member of our board of directors. Valarie Sheppard has served as a board member and the audit committee chair for Ibotta since September 2021, for Sovos Brand Inc. (Nasdaq: SOVO) since July 2021, and for KDC-One since April, 2021. Ms. Sheppard served on the board of Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland from January 2019 to December 2021. She retired from Procter and Gamble (P G) as Treasurer, Controller Executive Vice President on March 31, 2021. Ms. Sheppard led P G s global Finance, Accounting and Treasury team, responsible for the external financial reporting, financial planning, global business development and treasury operations for company businesses and operations in about 70 countries, with annual sales of more than 65 billion. She also led the global implementation of P G s new organization design, the most significant restructuring initiative in 25 years. Since joining P G as a tax analyst in 1986, Ms. Sheppard held varied roles within the company, including finance and accounting positions in Fabric Care, Home Care and Beauty businesses, both in the U.S., and internationally. From 2015 to 2020, Ms. Sheppard was a board member of Anixter International, Inc. She has also supported innovation in the Cincinnati, Ohio community as board chair of Cintrifuse from 2013 to 2021, an organization that connects the region s start-up companies to advice, talent, funding and customers. Ms. Sheppard s finance and M A knowledge will be critical in target assessment and deal completion. We believe Ms. Sheppard to be qualified to serve as a director because of her extensive finance, M A and treasury experience. We believe Ms. Sheppard s experience qualifies her as a member of our board of directors. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors consists of seven members. Holders of our founder shares will have the right to appoint all of our directors prior to consummation of our initial business combination and holders of our public shares will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by at least 90 of our founder shares voting in a general meeting. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving a 3-year term. Subject to any other special rights applicable to the shareholders, any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at the meeting of our board or by a majority of the holders of our founder shares. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman, a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, a Secretary, Assistant Secretaries, a Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. Committees of the Board of Directors Pursuant to Nasdaq rules, our board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Audit Committee We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Valarie Sheppard, Nisheet Gupta, and Anuradha George serve as members of our audit committee and Nisheet Gupta serves as the Chair of the audit committee. Under Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions. Each such person meets the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Valarie Sheppard and Nisheet Gupta each qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the purpose and principal functions of the audit committee, including: Assisting board oversight of (i) the integrity of our financial statements, (ii) our compliance with leg and regulatory requirements, (iii) our independent auditor s qualifications and independence, and (iv) the performance of our internal audit function and independent auditors; the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within, the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; Meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory 
 Compensation Committee We have established a compensation committee of the board of directors. Fernando Garibay and Valarie Sheppard serve as members of our compensation committee. Under Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions. Each such person meets the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards applicable to members of the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which will detail the purpose and principal functions of the compensation committee, including: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation (if any is paid by us), evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, any incentive-compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

 45 

Table of Contents 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than reimbursement of expenses and as set forth below, no compensation of any kind, including finder s, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing shareholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to complete the consummation of a business combination although we may consider cash or other compensation to officers or advisors we may hire subsequent to our initial public offering to be paid either prior to or in connection with our initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. The charter provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC Director Nominations We do not have a standing nominating committee, though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who shall participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Valarie Sheppard and Nisheet Gupta. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(1)(A) of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is No standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. The board of directors also considers director candidates recommended for nomination by our shareholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for appointment at the next annual general meeting (or, if applicable, an extraordinary general meeting). Our shareholders that wish to nominate a director for election to the Board should follow the procedures set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders. Code of Ethics We have adopted a code of ethics and business conduct, which we refer to as the Code of Ethics, applicable to our directors, officers and employees, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit to this Report. You will be able to review the code ethics by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our ordinary shares and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. Based solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all reports applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner in accordance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis None of our officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any bona-fide, documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. In addition, we will reimburse our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us in the amount of 10,000 per month, until the consummation of our initial business combination. Our audit committee will also review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisers, or any of their respective affiliates. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time such materials are distributed, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers after the completion of our initial business combination will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary share as of March 30, 2023 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of ordinary share, by: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary share; each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our ordinary share; and all our executive officers and directors as a group. 
 In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 12,160,335 ordinary shares, consisting of (i) 4,110,335 Class A ordinary shares and (ii) 8,050,000 Class B ordinary shares, issued and outstanding as of March 30, 2023. On all matters to be voted upon, except for the election or removal of directors of the board prior to the initial business combination, holders of the Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class. Currently, all of the Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the Private Placement Shares as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

Class A Ordinary Shares Class B Ordinary Shares Approximate Number of Number of Percentage Shares Approximate Shares Approximate of Outstanding Beneficially Percentage Beneficially Percentage Ordinary Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Owned of Class Owned of Class Shares Directors and Executive Officers Mohan Ananda (2) 960,000 23.3 8,050,000 100.0 74.1 Madan Menon (3) Fernando Garibay (3) Anuradha George (3) Nisheet Gupta (3) Valarie Sheppard (3) All directors and officers as a group (seven individuals) (3) 960,000 23.3 8,050,000 100.0 74.1 Five Percent Holders Innovative International Sponsor I LLC (2) 960,000 23.3 8,050,000 100.0 74.1 

 (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 24681 La Plaza, Ste 300, Dana Point, CA 92629 . (2) Our sponsor is the record holder of such ordinary shares. Mohan Ananda is the managing member of our sponsor. As a result, Mohan Ananda may be deemed to have voting and investment discretion with respect to the ordinary shares held by our sponsor. With respect to before the offering, our sponsor is the record holder of such shares. Mohan Ananda is the managing member of our sponsor. Mohan Ananda has voting and investment discretion with respect to the founder shares held of record by our sponsor and may be deemed to have shared beneficial ownership of the founder shares held directly by our sponsor. Mohan Ananda disclaims beneficial ownership of any shares other than to the extent he may have a pecuniary interest therein, directly or indirectly. (3) Each of these officers and directors holds an interest in our sponsor and disclaims any beneficial interest other than to the extent of his or her pecuniary interest. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Founder Shares On April 17, 2021, the Sponsor paid 25,000 to cover certain offering costs in consideration for 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. On September 20, 2021, the Company effected a 1.12 share dividend for each Class B ordinary share outstanding, resulting in 8,050,000 Founder Shares being held by the Sponsor, up to 1,050,000 shares of which were subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised. The underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment option on October 29, 2021 so no Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture. All shares and related amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the split. The Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion thereof until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (B) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction after the initial Business Combination that results in all of the public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor, officers and directors with respect to any Founder Shares (the Lock-up ). 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Promissory Note Related Party On April 17, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the initial public offering. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of December 31, 2021, or the closing of the IPO. The loan will be repaid upon the closing of the IPO out of the offering proceeds not held in the Trust Account. As of December 31, 2021, we had no borrowings under the promissory note. Working Capital Loans In order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes its initial Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of the Working Capital Loans may be convertible into Class A ordinary shares. The terms of the Working Capital Loans by the Company s officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to the Working Capital Loans. The Company does not expect to seek loans from parties other than the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor as the Company does not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in the Company s Trust Account. Office Space, Secretarial and Administrative Services The Company has reimbursed the Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of the Company s management team, in the amount of 10,000 per month. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our initial public offering. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that each of Fernando Garibay, Anuradha George, Nisheet Gupta, and Valarie Sheppard are independent directors as defined in Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our audit committee will be entirely composed of independent directors meeting Nasdaq s additional requirements applicable to members of the audit committee. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 totalled 144,500 and 99,910, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Tax Fees . We did not pay Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: (1) Financial Statements: 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: 
 None. (3) Exhibits 
 We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary Not applicable. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. Description 1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2021, by and between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. (2) 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of October 13, 2022, by and among Innovative International Acquisition Corp., Zoomcar, Inc. and the other parties thereto (4) 3.1 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended by the First Amendment to Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate (1) 4.2 Specimen Ordinary Shares Certificate (1) 4.3 Specimen Warrant Certificate (1) 4.5 Warrant Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2021, by and between American Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (2) 4.6 Description of Registrant s Securities. (3) 10.1 Letter Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2021, by and among the Company, and each of the initial shareholders, directors and officers of the Company (2) 10.2 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2021, by and between American Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (2) 10.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2021, by and among the Company, Innovative International Sponsor I LLC and certain other security holders of the Company (2) 10.4 Administrative Services Agreement, dated October 26, 2021, by and between the Company and Innovative International Sponsor I LLC. (2) 10.5 Private Placement Shares Purchase Agreement, dated October 26, 2021, by and between the Company and Innovative International Sponsor I LLC. (2) 10.6 Private Placement Shares Purchase Agreement, dated October 26, 2021, by and between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. (2) 10.7 Private Placement Shares Purchase Agreement, dated October 26, 2021, by and between the Registrant and J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC on behalf of its division, Cohen Company Capital Markets. (2) 10.9 Form Indemnity Agreement, by and between the Company and each of the directors and officers of the Company (1) 10.10 Consulting Agreement, dated March 12, 2021, by and between J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC and the Company (1) 10.11 Promissory Note, dated April 17, 2021, issued to Innovative International Sponsor I LLC (1) 10.12 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated April 17, 2021, between the Company and Innovative International Sponsor I LLC (1) 10.13 Form of Stockholder Support Agreement (4) 10.14 Form of Lock-Up Agreement (4) 10.15 Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2022, by and among Innovative International Acquisition Corp., Innovative International Sponsor I LLC and Zoomcar, Inc. (4) 10.16 Ananda Trust Subscription Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2022, by and between Innovative International Acquisition Corp. and Ananda Small Business Trust (4) 10.17 Promissory Note, dated January 3, 2023, issued by Innovative International Acquisition Corp. to the Ananda Small Business Trust (5) 10.18 Amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 19, 2022 (6) 10.19 Promissory Note, dated January 19, 2023, issued to Innovative International Sponsor I LLC (6) 14.1 Code of Ethics (3) 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included as Exhibit 101) 

 Filed herewith Furnished herewith (1) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form S-1/A , filed with the SEC on October 21, 2021. (2) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K , filed with the SEC on October 29, 2021. (3) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 29, 2022. (4) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 19, 2022. (5) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 4, 2023. (6) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 20, 2023. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March 31, 2023 Innovative International Acquisition Corp. By: /s/ Mohan Ananda Name: Mohan Ananda Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Name Position Date /s/ Mohan Ananda Mohan Ananda Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer March 31, 2023 /s/ Elaine Price Chief Financial Officer and Director March 31, 2023 Elaine Price (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Madan Menon Chief Operating Officer and Director March 31, 2023 Madan Menon /s/ Fernando Garibay Director March 31, 2023 Fernando Garibay /s/ Anuradha George Director March 31, 2023 Anuradha George /s/ Nisheet Gupta Director March 31, 2023 Nisheet Gupta /s/ Valarie Sheppard Director March 31, 2023 Valarie Sheppard 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 INNOVATIVE INTERNATIONAL ACQUISITION CORP. TABLE OF CONTENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 688) F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period March 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period March 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period March 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 to F-22 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Innovative International Acquisition Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Innovative International Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph - Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /S/ Marcum LLP Marcum LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 . New York, NY March 31, 2023 PCAOB ID Number 688 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 INNOVATIVE INTERNATIONAL ACQUISITION CORP. BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2022 2021 Assets: Current assets Cash Prepaid expenses Total current assets Other noncurrent assets Marketable securities held in Trust Account Total Assets Liabilities, Redeemable Shares and Shareholders Deficit: Current Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Due to related party Promissory Note - Related Party Total current liabilities Deferred underwriters discount Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) Redeemable Shares Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value of and per share at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Shareholders Deficit: Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to redemption) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Shareholders Deficit ) ) Total Liabilities, Redeemable Shares and Shareholders Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 INNOVATIVE INTERNATIONAL ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Period For the Year from March 22, Ended 2021 (Inception) December 31, to December 31, 2022 2021 Formation and operating costs Loss from operations ) ) Other income: Interest income bank Interest earned on cash held in Trust Account Other income Net loss ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding, redeemable Class A ordinary shares Basic and diluted net loss per share, redeemable Class A ordinary shares Weighted average shares outstanding, non-redeemable Class A and Class B ordinary shares Basic and diluted net loss per share, non-redeemable Class A and Class B ordinary shares The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 INNOVATIVE INTERNATIONAL ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 22, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A Class B Additional Total Ordinary Shares Ordinary Shares Paid-in Accumulated Shareholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance - March 22, 2021 (inception) Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor Sale of Private Placement Shares Accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount ) ) ) Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants Offering costs associated with issuance of Public Warrants ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance - December 31, 2021 ) ) Stock compensation Accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 INNOVATIVE INTERNATIONAL ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Period from March 22, 2021 For the Year (inception) Ended through December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Interest earned on cash held in Trust Account ) ) Stock compensation Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Due to related party Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Investment of cash in Trust Account ) Net cash used in financing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from initial public offering, net of costs Proceeds from private placement Proceeds from promissory note to Sponsor Payment of deferred offering costs ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net Change in Cash ) Cash at the beginning of the period Cash at the end of the period Non-cash investing and financing activities: Initial classification of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption Offering costs paid by Sponsor from proceeds from issuance of Class B ordinary shares Deferred underwriting commissions payable charged to additional paid in capital Remeasurement of ordinary share subject to possible redemption The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 or more businesses or entities (the Business Combination ). The Company will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region in its identification and acquisition of a target company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations nor generated any revenue. All activity for the period from March 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, relates to the Company s formation, the initial public offering (the IPO described below, and subsequent to the IPO, identifying a target company for a Business Combination and other customary business conduct related thereto. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the IPO. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. The Company s sponsor is Innovative International Sponsor I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). The registration statement for the Company s IPO was declared effective on October 26, 2021 (the Effective Date ). On October 29, 2021, the Company consummated its IPO of units (the Units and, with respect to the ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares at per Unit (which included the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option), which is discussed in Note 3 and the sale of shares (the Private Placement Shares at a price of per Private Placement Share in a private placement to the Sponsor, and Cohen Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC CCM ), and Cantor Fitzgerald CO. Cantor ). Transaction costs amounted to consisting of of underwriting commissions, of deferred underwriting commissions and of other cash offering costs. The initial Business Combination must occur with one or more operating businesses or assets with an aggregate fair market value equal to at least of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete such Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. Upon the closing of the IPO, management has agreed that an amount equal to at least per Unit sold in the IPO, including a portion of the proceeds of the Private Placement Shares, will be held in a Trust Account Trust Account and will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any (less up to interest to pay dissolution expenses), the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Shares deposited into the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem of the public shares if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination within from the closing of the IPO or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-Business Combination activity and (iii) the redemption of all of the public shares if the Company is unable to complete its initial Business Combination within from the closing of the IPO, subject to applicable law. The Company will provide its public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares (the Public Shares upon the completion of the initial Business Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in the Company s discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require the Company to seek shareholder approval under the applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 per public share. The per-share amount the Company will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to Cantor. The ordinary shares subject to redemption will be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the IPO, in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. All of the Public Shares contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. In accordance with SEC and its guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of a company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Given that the Public Shares will be issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., public warrants), the initial carrying value of Class A ordinary shares classified as temporary equity will be the allocated proceeds determined in accordance with ASC 470-20. The Class A ordinary shares are subject to ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either (i) accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or (ii) recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes immediately. The accretion or remeasurement will be treated as a deemed dividend (i.e., a reduction to retained earnings, or in absence of retained earnings, additional paid-in capital). While redemptions cannot cause the Company s net tangible assets to fall below , the Public Shares are redeemable and will be classified as such on the balance sheets until such date that a redemption event takes place. In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. The Company has up to from the closing of the IPO to complete the Business Combination (the Combination Period ). If the Company is unable to consummate the Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. On January 19, 2023, the Company held the Extraordinary General Meeting EGM for the purposes of considering and voting upon the Charter and the Trust Agreement Amendments. At the EGM, the shareholders of the Company approved an amendment (the Charter Amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination up to six ) times for an additional one 1 month each time from January 29, 2023 to July 29, 2023 (which is from the closing of the Company s initial public offering) (the Extension ). In connection with the EGM, shareholders holding public shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Company s Trust Account. As a result, approximately million (approximately per public share redeemed) will be removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders and approximately million will remain in the Trust Account. Following redemptions, the Company will have public shares outstanding. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 per public share or such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. Because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and the Company s operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only third parties the Company currently expects to engage would be vendors such as lawyers, investment bankers, computer or information and technical services providers or prospective target businesses. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash outside the Trust Account of available for working capital needs. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its tax obligations, all remaining cash held in the Trust Account is generally unavailable for the Company s use, prior to an initial Business Combination, and is restricted for use either in a Business Combination or to redeem ordinary shares. As of December 31, 2022, none of the amount in the Trust Account was available to be withdrawn as described above. Through December 31, 2022, the Company s liquidity needs were satisfied through receipt of from the sale of the Founder Shares and the remaining net proceeds from the IPO and the sale of Private Placement Shares. On September 7, 2022, the Company is sued an unsecured convertible promissory note in the amount of up to to Ananda Trust. was drawn and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Going Concern The Company anticipates that the of cash held outside of the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022, might not be sufficient to allow the Company to operate for at least the next 12 months from the issuance of the financial statements, assuming that a Business Combination is not consummated during that time. Until consummation of our Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account, and any additional Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 5) from the initial shareholders, the Company s officers and directors, or their respective affiliates (which is described in Note 5), for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. The Company can raise additional capital through Working Capital Loans from the initial shareholders, the Company s officers, directors, or their respective affiliates (which is described in Note 5), or through loans from third parties. None of the sponsor, officers or directors are under any obligation to advance funds to, or to invest in, the Company. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of its business plan, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 t have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Shares were placed in the Trust Account and invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any (less up to interest to pay dissolution expenses), the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Shares will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination, the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 of the public shares if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination within 21 months from the closing of the IPO or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-Business Combination activity and (iii) the redemption of all of the public shares if the Company is unable to complete its initial Business Combination within 21 months from the closing of the IPO, subject to applicable law. The Company classifies its U.S. Treasury securities as Trading Securities in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 320 Investments - Debt and Equity Securities. Changes in the value of Trading Securities are recognized in income in the period they occur. . The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts. were initially charged to temporary equity upon the completion of the IPO. The Company complies with the requirements of the ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB Topic 5A - Expenses of Offering . Offering costs consist principally of professional and registration fees that are related to the IPO. Accordingly, offering costs have been allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the IPO based on a relative fair value basis compared to total proceeds received. Offering costs associated with the Class A ordinary shares issued were initially charged to temporary equity and then accreted to ordinary shares subject to redemption upon the completion of the IPO. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholder s deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Such changes are reflected in additional paid-in capital, or in the absence of additional capital, in accumulated deficit. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Class A ordinary share reflected in the balance sheets are reconciled in the following table: Less: Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants ) ) Issuance costs related to Class A ordinary shares ) ) Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company s management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Company s only major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were unrecognized tax benefits and amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. There is currently no taxation imposed on income by the Government of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with Cayman income tax regulations, income taxes are not levied on the Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Company s financial statement. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents) ) ) ) Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share Units, which included the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share and one -half of one redeemable warrant (each, a Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share. Class A ordinary shares (which included the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option), or Private Placement Shares, at a price of per share in the aggregate) in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of the IPO. Of those Private Placement Shares, the Sponsor purchased shares, CCM purchased shares and Cantor purchased shares. The Private Placement Shares are transferable, assignable or saleable until after the completion of the Initial Business Combination. Additionally, the Private Placement Shares will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the Sponsor, CCM, Cantor or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Shares are held by holders other than the Sponsor, CCM, Cantor or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Shares will be redeemable by the Company in all redemption scenarios. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 to cover certain offering costs in consideration for Class B ordinary shares, par value . In September 2021, the Company effected a share dividend for each Class B ordinary share outstanding, resulting in Founder Shares being held by the Sponsor, up to shares of which were subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised. The underwriter fully exercised their over-allotment option on October 29, 2021 which meant Founder Shares were forfeited. All shares and related amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the split. The Sponsor officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion thereof until the earlier of: (A) after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (B) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction after the initial Business Combination that results in all of the public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor, officers and directors with respect to any Founder Shares (the Lock-up ). Due to Related Parties The balances of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, represent administrative support fees paid by related party on behalf of the Company. Promissory Note Related Party On April 17, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of December 31, 2021, or the closing of the IPO. The loan will be repaid upon the closing of the IPO out of the offering proceeds not held in the Trust Account. As of October 29, 2021, the Company had in borrowings under the promissory note which are now due on demand. The balance was repaid on November 5, 2021. On September 7, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the September 2022 Note ), in the amount of up to to Ananda Trust, an affiliate of the Sponsor. The September 2022 Note bears no interest and the principal balance is payable on the date of the consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination (the Maturity Date ). On or before the Maturity Date, the Sponsor has the option to convert all or any portion of the principal outstanding under the September 2022 Note into Class A ordinary shares of the Company Working Capital Shares at a conversion price of per share. The terms of the Working Capital Shares, if any, would be identical to the terms of the Private Placement Shares issued by the Company at the time of its IPO. The September 2022 Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of certain of which automatically triggers the unpaid principal balance of the September 2022 Note and all other sums payable with regard to the September 2022 Note becoming immediately due and payable. The conversion feature included in the September 2022 Note does not meet definition of the derivative instrument. The full amount of the September 2022 Note, or was drawn and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Derivative Financial Instruments The Company evaluates its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives in accordance with ASC 815. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value on the grant date and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the statements of operations. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Derivative liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement or conversion of the instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 of the Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of per warrant, at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Shares. The terms of the Working Capital Loans by the Company s officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to the Working Capital Loans. The Company does not expect to seek loans from parties other than the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor as the Company does not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in the Company s Trust Account. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. Office Space, Secretarial and Administrative Services The Company will reimburse the Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of the Company s management team, in the amount of per month. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying this obligation. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period March 22, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, the Company had incurred expense of and , respectively, pursuant to this agreement, which was accrued in Due to related party . Grant of Special Committee Shares to members of special committee of the board On August 18, 2022, the Sponsor granted in aggregate Class B ordinary shares previously issued and outstanding to of the Company s directors and advisors (the Special Committee Shares in recognition of and compensation for services to the Company as members of newly formed Special Committee of the Board of Directors. The grant of the Special Committee Shares to the Company s directors is within the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The fair value of the shares granted to the Company s directors was or per share. of the excess of fair value of Special Committee Shares over the initial value of Sponsor Class B shares is recorded as compensation expense in the statement of the operations for the current period. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents) of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or , which was paid at the time of the IPO out of the gross proceeds. In addition, the underwriters will be entitled to five percent per unit and seven percent per over-allotment unit, or for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred commissions will be payable only upon completion of the Business Combination. Financial Advisory Agreements The Company engaged CCM, an affiliate of a passive member of the Company s Sponsor, to provide consulting and advisory services in connection with the IPO, for which it will receive an advisory fee equal to of the aggregate proceeds of the IPO net of underwriter s expenses. Affiliates of CCM have and manage investment vehicles with a passive investment in the Sponsor. CCM has agreed to defer the portion of its fee resulting from exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option until the consummation of the Company s Business Combination. The Company will also engage CCM as an advisor in connection with the Company s Business Combination for which it will earn an advisory fee of of the proceeds of the IPO payable at closing of the Company s Business Combination. CCM is engaged to represent the Company s interests only. CCM is not participating in the IPO as defined in FINRA Rule 5110(j)(16); it is acting as an independent financial adviser as defined in FINRA Rule 5110(j)(9). As such, CCM is not acting as an underwriter in connection with the IPO, it will not identify or solicit potential investors in the IPO or otherwise be involved in the distribution of the IPO. On November 11, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with Jett Capital to to act as Financial Advisor (i) in connection with its potential business combination (as described in the section Merger Agreement below) and (ii) in connection with a possible private placement related to business combination. As compensation for Jett Capital s services the Company will pay Jett Capital a cash fee equal to , upon the closing of the Business Combination. Jett Capital started providing their services in February 2023. Merger Agreement On October 13, 2022, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (the Merger Agreement with Zoomcar, Inc., a Delaware corporation Zoomcar ), Innovative International Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Innovative Merger Sub ), and Greg Moran, in the capacity as the representative of the Zoomcar stockholders (in such capacity, the Seller Representative from and after the closing (the Closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (collectively, the Merger Transactions ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, (i) prior to the Closing, the Company will continue out of the Cayman Islands and re-domesticate into a Delaware corporation (the Domestication and (ii) at the Closing of the Merger Transaction, and following the Domestication, Merger Sub will merge with and into Zoomcar (the Merger ), with Zoomcar continuing as the surviving entity and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and with each Zoomcar stockholder receiving shares of post-Domestication Company common stock at the Closing (as further described below). Concurrent with the signing of the Merger Agreement, Ananda Small Business Trust, a Nevada Trust Ananda Trust ), an affiliate of the Sponsor, invested an aggregate of in Zoomcar (the Ananda Trust Investment ), in exchange for a convertible promissory note issued by Zoomcar to Ananda Trust, Zoomcar s repayment obligation under which will be offset against the obligations of Ananda Trust under the subscription agreement entered into by Ananda Trust and the Company concurrent with the Ananda Trust Investment. Management of the Company 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 plus (x) the sum of the aggregate exercise prices of all vested Zoomcar options and all Zoomcar warrants outstanding as of the effective time of the Merger, plus (y) the aggregate amount of a Zoomcar private debt or equity financing of up to , if and to the extent consummated prior to Closing in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement (but without giving effect to a discount, if any, of the private financing conversion ratio relative to the per share offset ratio for the Ananda Trust Investment) minus (z) the amount of Zoomcar s net debt at Closing (the Merger Consideration ), with each Zoomcar stockholder receiving for each share of Zoomcar common stock held (after giving effect to the exchange of the Zoomcar preferred stock to Zoomcar common stock), a number of shares of post-Domestication Company common stock equal to (i) the quotient of the Merger Consideration divided by the number of then-outstanding shares of Zoomcar on a fully diluted as converted to common stock basis (including Zoomcar India Shares, as defined below), divided by (ii) (the Conversion Ratio (the total portion of the Merger Consideration amount payable to all Zoomcar stockholders (the Zoomcar Stockholders in respect of shares of Zoomcar common stock, but excluding Merger Consideration payable in respect of Zoomcar options and warrants, the Stockholder Merger Consideration ). At Merger Closing, each outstanding Zoomcar option shall, without any further action on the part of the holder thereof, be assumed by Innovative and automatically converted into the right to receive an option to acquire shares of the Company. Each outstanding and unexercised Zoomcar warrant shall automatically, without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be assumed by the Company and converted into a warrant to purchase that number of shares of post-Domestication Company common stock equal to the product of (x) the number of shares of Zoomcar stock subject to such Zoomcar warrant multiplied by (y) the Conversion Ratio. For purposes of determining consideration issuable to Zoomcar security holders under the Merger Agreement, holders of equity interests Zoomcar India Shares in Zoomcar India Private Limited, a majority-owned subsidiary of Zoomcar, shall be treated as Zoomcar Stockholders, subject in each case, to applicable withholding and other requirements; provided, that, at the Closing, shares of Stockholder Merger Consideration otherwise distributable to holders of Zoomcar India Shares shall be deposited into an escrow account for distribution to holders of Zoomcar India Shares upon completion of applicable legal and contractual requirements, in each case as set forth in the Merger Agreement. preference shares with a par value of and with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. Class A ordinary shares The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption). Class B ordinary shares The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders are entitled to vote for each share of Class B ordinary shares. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Of the Class B ordinary shares, up to shares were subject to forfeiture to the Company for no consideration to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part, so that the initial shareholders would collectively own of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the IPO. The underwriters exercised their full over-allotment on October 29, 2021, resulting in of the Founder Shares being subject to forfeiture. Class A ordinary shareholders and Class B ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders and vote together as a single class, except as required by law; provided, however, that holders of the Class B ordinary shares will have the right to appoint all of the Company s directors prior to the initial Business Combination and holders of the Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. These provisions of the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by at least of the Founder Shares voting in a general meeting. Unless specified in the Companies Act, the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of the Company s ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by its shareholders (other than the appointment of directors), and the affirmative vote of a majority of the Company s Founder Shares is required to approve the appointment of directors. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 of the sum of all ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the IPO plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination, and any Private Placement Shares issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to the Company). Any conversion of the Class B ordinary shares described herein will take effect as a compulsory redemption of Class B ordinary shares and an issuance of Class A ordinary shares as a matter of Cayman Islands law. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. Public Warrants Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as discussed herein. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Class A ordinary shares during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described adjacent to Redemption of warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. The warrants became exercisable after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination and will expire after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file, and within business days following the initial Business Combination to have declared effective, a registration statement covering the offer and sale of such shares and maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. The Company cannot assure you that it will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the offer and sale of the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not registered under the Securities Act, the Company will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption is available. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the offer and sale of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A ordinary shares are, at the time of any exercise of a warrant, not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elect, it will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: in whole and not in part; at a price of per warrant; upon a minimum of prior written notice of redemption (the redemption period and if, and only if, the last reported sale price (the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any trading days within a - trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holder. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 

December 31, Description Level 2021 Assets: Marketable securities held in Trust Account 1 The investment in Trust account is measured at Level 1 because the amount is invested in US Treasury securities. to Ananda Trust, an affiliate of the Sponsor. The proceeds of the January 2023 Note may be drawn down from time to time prior to the Maturity Date (as defined below) upon request by the Company. The January 2023 Note bears no interest, and the principal balance is payable on the date of the consummation of the Company s initial business combination (the Maturity Date ). The January 2023 Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of certain of which automatically triggers the unpaid principal balance of the January 2023 Note and all other sums payable with regard to the January 2023 Note becoming immediately due and payable. On January 19, 2023, the Company held the Extraordinary General Meeting EGM for the purposes of considering and voting upon the Charter and the Trust Agreement Amendments. At the EGM, the shareholders of the Company approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to allow the Company to extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination up to six ) times for an additional one ) month each time from January 29, 2023 to July 29, 2023 (which is from the closing of the Company s initial public offering) by depositing into the Trust Account for each one-month extension. In connection with the EGM, shareholders holding public shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Company s Trust Account. As a result, approximately million (approximately per public share redeemed) will be removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders and approximately million will remain in the Trust Account. Following redemptions, the Company will have public shares outstanding. In connection with the Trust Agreement Amendment, the Sponsor has agreed to make available to the Company an aggregate amount of up to to be used only for expenses accrued in connection with the extension of the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination, pursuant to a promissory note in favor of the Sponsor (the Extension Note ). The Extension Note is non-convertible and bears no interest, and the principal balance is payable by the Company on the Maturity Date, as defined in the Extension Note. The issuance of the Extension Note was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 outstanding under the Extension Note. 
 F-22 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ioacu-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATIONS I, Mohan Ananda, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Innovative International Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Mohan Ananda Mohan Ananda Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ioacu-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATIONS I, Elaine Price, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Innovative International Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Elaine Price Elaine Price Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ioacu-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Innovative International Acquisition Corp. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Mohan Ananda, Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Mohan Ananda Mohan Ananda Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ioacu-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Innovative International Acquisition Corp. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Elaine Price, Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Elaine Price Elaine Price Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ioacu-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ioacu-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ioacu-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ioacu-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

