<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230113_10-K_edgar_data_1500123_0001554795-23-000012.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10375429</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>345317</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1360138</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4421082</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1691084</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2166229</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001554795-23-000012.hdr.sgml : 20230113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230113160629
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001554795-23-000012
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20220930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Item 9 Labs Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001500123
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DENTAL EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3843]
		IRS NUMBER:				980665018
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54730
		FILM NUMBER:		23528830

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2727 NORTH 3RD STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 201
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		833-867-6337

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2727 NORTH 3RD STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 201
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85004

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AIRWARE LABS CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CROWN DYNAMICS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100827

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001554795-23-000012.txt : 20230113

10-K
 1
 inlb0113form10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

ANNUAL
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (FEE REQUIRED) 

For
the fiscal year ended 

TRANSACTION
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (NO FEE REQUIRED) 

For
the transaction period from ________ to ________ 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 

(State
 of other jurisdiction 
 
 (Commission 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 
 of
 incorporation) 
 
 File
 Number) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , Arizona 

 (Address
of principal executive offices and zip code) 

1- - 

 (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act: Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller
reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

As
of March 31, 2022 (the last business day of the Company s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), based upon the last reported
trade on that date, the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates (for this purpose, all
outstanding and issued common stock minus stock held by the officers, directors and known holders of 10 or more of the Company s
common stock) was . 

As
of January 13, 2023, there were shares of the issuer s common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

The
following discussion, in addition to the other information contained in this report, should be considered carefully in evaluating the
Company and its prospects. This report (including without limitation the following factors that may affect operating results) contains
forward-looking statements (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act regarding the Company and its business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Words such as expects, anticipates, intends, 
 plans, believes, seeks, estimates and similar expressions or variations of such words
are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements in this
report. Additionally, statements concerning future matters such as revenue projections, projected profitability, growth strategies, development
of new products, enhancements or technologies, possible changes in legislation and other statements regarding matters that are not historical
are forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking
statements in this report reflect the good faith judgment of the Company s management and the statements are based on facts and
factors as the Company currently knows them. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results and
outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or
contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and in Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations as well as those discussed elsewhere in this report. Readers
are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date of this report. The Company
undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise
after the date of this report. 

TABLE
 OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART 1 

ITEM 1. 
 Description of Business 
 4 

ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 

ITEM 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 27 

ITEM 2. 
 Properties 
 27 

ITEM 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 28 

ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 Market for Common Equity,
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 28 

ITEM 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 30 

ITEM 7. 
 Management s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 

ITEM 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative
 Disclosures About Market Risk 
 39 

ITEM 8. 
 Financial Statements and
 Supplementary Data 
 39 

ITEM 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements
 with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 39 

ITEM 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 39 

ITEM 9B. 
 Other Information 
 40 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers
 and Corporate Governance 
 41 

ITEM 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 45 

ITEM 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain
 Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 48 

ITEM 13. 
 Certain Relationships and
 Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 50 

ITEM 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees
 and Services 
 53 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement
 Schedules 
 54 

SIGNATURES 
 56 

PART
I 

Item
1. Description Of Business 

Corporate
history 

Item
9 Labs Corp. was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on June 15, 2010 as Crown Dynamics Corp. On October 26, 2012, the
Company changed its name to Airware Labs Corp. On April 2, 2018, the Company changed its name to Item 9 Labs Corp. to better reflect
its business following the acquisition of BSSD, as discussed below. 

On
March 20, 2018, the Company closed on an Agreement and Plan of Exchange to acquire all of the membership interests of BSSD Group, LLC BSSD ), an Arizona limited liability company formed on May 2, 2017, in exchange for 40,355,771 restricted shares of the
Company s Common Stock. 

Effective
October 18, 2018, the Company completed a 1-for-20 reverse split of its issued and outstanding Common Stock. 

On
November 26, 2018, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary AZ DP Holdings, LLC AZ DP closed on an asset acquisition
of the majority of the assets of Arizona DP Consulting, LLC, a consulting firm specializing in obtaining cannabis dispensary permits
and developing cannabis-related business plans. The purchase price was 1,500,000 in cash and 3,000,000 shares of restricted Common Stock
having an aggregate value of 7,770,000 or 2.59 per share based on current market price of the Company shares at time asset purchase
agreement was executed. 

Strive
Management, LLC 

On
September 12, 2018, the Company borrowed 1,500,000 and executed a promissory note in that amount, which funds were used to make a capital
contribution into Strive Management, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company Strive Management ). In exchange for the contribution,
the Company received a 20 membership interest in Strive Management. The remaining interests were held by three individuals, Sara Gullickson,
Larry Lemons, and Donnie Burton. Through a management agreement with Strive Wellness of Nevada, LLC, a related party, Strive Management
will facilitate the cultivation and processing of cannabis in Nevada. Strive Wellness of Nevada, LLC has been allocated cultivation and
processing licenses from the State of Nevada. Additionally, the Company could acquire an additional 31 ownership of Strive Management
upon the approval from the State of Nevada to operate the cultivation and processing facility. In February 2020, the Company executed
an agreement with the other members of Strive Management, LLC to purchase the remaining 80 of Strive Management, LLC Strive ),
as well as the Nevada licenses its members held in another entity. The Company agreed to pay 500,000 in cash, 1,000,000 in an unsecured
note payable and 3,250,000 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock and to issue 2,000,000 warrants exercisable into the
Company s Common Stock. 

OCG,
Inc. (Unity Rd.) 

In
March 2021, the Company closed on the acquisition of OCG, Inc., dba Unity Rd., a cannabis dispensary franchisor. The transaction was
structured as a reverse triangular merger, with the effect of OCG, Inc. becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Unity Rd.
has agreements with more than twenty (20) entrepreneurial groups to open more than thirty (30) Unity Rd. retail dispensary locations
in twelve (12) states. The majority of the locations are in the licensing process. 

Unity
Rd. intends to be the vehicle to bring Item 9 Labs products across the United States and internationally, while keeping dispensaries
locally owned and operated, empowering entrepreneurs to operate their business and contribute to their local communities. As the Unity
Rd. dispensary brand achieves sufficient market penetration, the Company aims to offer Item 9 Labs products in those locations to expand
the distribution footprint of its premium product offerings. 

In
June 2021, the first Unity Rd. franchisee location opened in Boulder, Colorado. Currently, the Company has two franchisee locations. 

Adams
County, CO Dispensary Acquisition 

On
October 6, 2021, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement APA to acquire an existing dispensary license and
storefront from Nebrina Adams County LLC, a Colorado limited liability company Seller in Adams County, CO. The
total purchase price is two million dollars 2,000,000), as to which one million dollars 1,000,000) will be paid to an escrow account
upon conditional approvals of the change of ownership from state and local licensing authorities concerning the transfer of ownership.
For additional terms of the APA, please see the Company s filing on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on October 7, 2021. 

4 

On March
2, 2022, Item 9 Labs Colorado LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary, received the necessary regulatory approvals and completed the transaction.
The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary acquired the dispensary license and storefront located at 6101 N. Washington St. in
Denver, CO. The total purchase price for the Purchased Assets was 1,666,872 USD. This is the first
corporate-owned shop under the cannabis dispensary franchise brand, Unity Rd., and began operations on July 11, 2022. 

OCG
Management Ontario, Inc. 

On
May 18, 2022, Item 9 Labs Corp., a Delaware corporation Company ), and OCG Management Ontario, Inc., a corporation formed
under the laws of the Province of Ontario Purchaser and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated solely
for the purpose of completing the transaction, entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with Steven Fry,
Najla Guthrie, Darryl Allen, Louis Laskovski, each an individual residing in the Province of Ontario, and 2628146 Ontario Ltd., a corporation
formed under the laws of the Province of Ontario, and 11949896 Canada Inc., a corporation formed under the federal laws of Canada (together,
the Shareholders ), pursuant to which Purchaser is purchasing all (but not less than all) of the issued and outstanding
shares in the capital of Wild Card Cannabis Incorporated, a corporation formed under the laws of the Province of Ontario, Shares free and clear of all Liens from the Shareholders. The total purchase price for the Shares is Twelve Million Eight Hundred Thousand Dollars 12,800,000 USD) (the Purchase Price ), as adjusted, plus the Earnout Payment, if any (collectively, the Purchase
Price payable as follows: (i) The Company has delivered the Exclusivity Deposit in the amount of 156,902 to the Escrow Agent
on March 4, 2022; (ii) At the Closing, Purchaser shall pay to Shareholders the Estimated Purchase Price of Twelve Million Eight
Hundred Thousand Dollars 12,800,000 USD), as adjusted, in immediately available funds; (iii) Four Million One Hundred Thousand
Dollars 4,100,000), as adjusted, payable by the delivery of the Company s common stock, the number of which will be calculated
on the basis of a deemed price per common share equal to the 10-Day VWAP of the trading price of the Company s common stock on
the stock exchange upon which the Company s common stock is listed, with the last day of the First Earnout Period (the date that
is 12 months following the Closing Date) as the measurement date less a 15 discount, if actual Net Revenue is respect of the First Earnout
Period is greater than or equal to the Target Net Revenue for the First Earnout Period; and (iv) Four Million One Hundred Thousand
Dollars 4,100,000), as adjusted, payable by the delivery of the Company s common stock, the number of which will be calculated
on the basis of a deemed price per common share equal to the 10-Day VWAP of the trading price of the Company s common stock on
the stock exchange upon which the Company s common stock is listed, with the last day of the Second Earnout Period (the date that
is 24 months following the Closing Date) as the measurement date less a 15 discount, if actual Net Revenue is respect of the Second
Earnout Period is greater than or equal to the Target Net Revenue for the Second Earnout Period. 

As
per the Agreement, the Company made customary representations and warranties in the Agreement. The Agreement also contains customary
covenants, agreements, and conditions to close, including covenants and agreements relating to the conduct of the Company's business
between the date of the signing of the Agreement and the closing of the transactions contemplated under the Agreement and that no Material
Adverse Effect shall have occurred during this period. The conditions to close also include, among others, the Purchaser will have received
financing sufficient to complete the transaction. 

Acquisitions 

The
Company plans to convert all acquired dispensaries into Unity Rd. shops, operate them internally and sell them to an existing or future
franchise partner. This offers an expedited solution for entrepreneurs seeking immediate entry into cannabis. The Company is targeting
numerous, similar transactions in the next 12 months to gain a deeper market penetration in select markets. Subsequently and/or concurrently,
the Company plans to introduce the Item 9 Labs suite of products to the same markets through the acquisition of cultivation and production
licenses or through joint ventures with qualified local, licensed operators. 

Principal
Executive Offices 

The
Company s principal offices are located at 2727 N 3 rd
 Street, Suite 201, Phoenix AZ 85004. The Company s
registered agent for service of process in Delaware is located at 108 West 13 th
 St., Wilmington, DE 19801, and the Company s
registered agent is Business Filings Incorporated. The Company s fiscal year end is September 30. 

All
references to the Company, their, they, Item 9, Item 9 Labs, or
similar terms used in this Registration Statement refer to Item 9 Labs Corp. 

5 

Corporate
Structure 

The
following is a list of the Company's subsidiaries as of the date of this Form 10-K. The percentage of voting securities of each that
are beneficially owned, controlled or directed by the Company is 100 . 

BSSD
Group, LLC 

 I9
NV Management, LLC 

 Strive
Management, LLC 

 AZ
DP Holdings, LLC 

 I9
NV Lic LLC 

 I9
IP Holdings, LLC 

 Strive
Life Management LLC 

 Airware
Holdings, LLC 

 BSSD
Consulting, LLC 

 Item
9 Properties, LLC 

 938287
AZ LLC 

 750
NV LLC 

 OCG,
Inc. 

 OCG
Holdings, LLC 

 OCG
Management Company Oklahoma LLC 

 OCG
Management Company Ohio LLC 

 OCG
Management Company New York LLC 

 OCG
Management Company New Jersey LLC 

 OCG
Management Company Nevada LLC 

 OCG
Management Company Michigan LLC 

 OCG
Management Company Massachusetts LLC 

 OCG
Management Company California LLC 

 OCG
Management Company Missouri LLC 

 OCG
Management Company Illinois LLC 

 OCG
Management Colorado LLC 

 OCG
Holdings Colorado LLC 

 OCG
Co Management Company, Inc. 

 OCG
CO Services Company LLC 

 OCG
Holdings Colorado II LLC 

Overview 

 Item
9 Labs Corp. is a holding company, investing in cannabis and cannabis-related businesses. Its subsidiaries compete in three different
market segments: (1) producing cannabis and cannabis-derived products and technologies through its Item 9 Labs brand, which is currently
distributed throughout the State of Arizona in licensed medical and adult-use dispensaries; (2) sell medical and adult-use cannabis dispensary
franchises under its franchise brand Unity Rd. and (3) will operate medical and adult-use cannabis dispensaries under
its retail franchise Unity Rd. 

 Mission
and Vision 

 Item
9 Labs Corp. believes it is leading a new generation of public cannabis companies. The Company seeks to elevate trust in cannabis through
modernized Unity Rd. retail franchises, premium Item 9 Labs cannabis products and ongoing education to communities nationwide with
a goal to inspire confidence in the benefits of cannabis for all. 

 As
local retail competition rises, the Company believes franchising is the vehicle that will empower independently-owned dispensary owners
to thrive due to the ongoing guidance, resources and purchasing power, among other benefits, from the franchisor. 

 The
Company believes that blending a premium, experiential cannabis brand with a true dispensary franchise model puts Item 9
Labs Corp. in a unique industry position. This combination creates a capital-efficient method for national brand expansion. By focusing
and clustering operations, the Company anticipates the Item 9 Labs and Unity Rd. brands will result in a network effect to more efficiently
enter new markets. 

6 

Item
9 Labs Cannabis Products 

 The
Company produces high-quality products and user experiences across several cannabis categories under its Item 9 Labs product
brand. The product catalogue exceeds seventy-five (75) active cannabis strains and more than one hundred fifty (150) differentiated cannabis
vaporizer vape products as well as premium concentrates and Orion vape technologies. The brand is well known in the Arizona
market, having received more than 30 overall podium finishes, including over 15 first place accolades, in Arizona marijuana competitions Cannabis
Cup, Errl Cup and 710 Degree Cup for its high quality, premium flower, concentrates and vape products. 

 Item
9 Labs is headquartered in Phoenix, AZ, with current cannabis operations in Arizona and planned operations in multiple U.S. markets. 

 Unity
Rd. Dispensary Franchise 

 The
Company sells medical and adult-use cannabis dispensary franchises under its retail brand Unity Rd. The franchising business
offers existing and potential operators in the cannabis industry the benefit of the Company s operational experience, marketing,
partnerships, branding and ongoing guidance, while allowing them to own 100 of their dispensary license and business. To date, the franchise
has agreements with more than twenty (20) partners to open more than thirty (30) Unity Rd. retail dispensary locations in twelve (12)
states. The majority of the locations are in the licensing process. Subject to local franchise regulations, the Company intends to offer
franchises in all states that have regulated medical or adult-use cannabis. They also intend to expand into international markets that
have legalized cannabis for medical or adult-use. 

 The
Company believes that its franchise model enables it to expand its brands more quickly than existing multi-state cannabis operators,
or MSOs, across all cannabis markets with much less capital investment from the Company than traditional MSOs. The Company believes they
are one of the first U.S. companies to offer franchise opportunities to participants in the cannabis industry, which provides them an
early mover advantage over newer franchisors or existing MSOs. The franchise program is intended to guide their franchisees in building
industry experience, improving operational quality, innovating and maximizing operating results. Like a traditional franchise concept,
their franchisees will assume much of the day-to-day responsibilities that otherwise would be performed by a typical owner-operator.
This reduction of duties at the corporate level allows the Company s franchise support team to scale across multiple units. Franchisees
provide the Company a one-time upfront payment as well as ongoing royalties based on their revenues. Therefore, they will benefit directly
from the growth in their business. 

 The
Company believes their business model will assist their franchisees in delivering high-quality cannabis products, comfortable in-store
customer experiences and a strong, trusting relationship with their local communities. Franchising enables an individual to be his or
her own employer and maintain control over all employment-related matters, marketing and pricing decisions, while also benefiting from
the Company s brand and operating system. While the Company intends for units operating under their brand to be primarily franchised,
the Company also intends to own and operate cannabis dispensaries. 

 The
Company believes their current company-owned cannabis operations and potential future acquisitions will assist in product sourcing for
their franchisees. One of the strengths of the franchising model is that the expertise from operating cannabis dispensaries allows the
Company to improve the operations and success of all franchisees while suggested innovations from franchisees can be tested and, when
viable, efficiently implemented to help improve corporate- and franchisee-owned businesses. Having company-owned and operated dispensaries
also provides their personnel and those of their franchisees with a venue for training. In addition, in their company-owned and operated
dispensaries, the Company plans to further develop and refine operating standards, marketing concepts and product and pricing strategies
that they believe will ultimately benefit all of their franchisees. They also may sell company-owned dispensaries to franchisees at times
where the Company believes it is attractive to do so. 

 The
Company s franchising business model is designed to assist franchisees through every step of owning and operating a dispensary.
The franchise package includes product sourcing, technology, regulatory compliance, licensing, standard operating procedures, employee
training and ongoing support. The Company intends for franchisees to leverage their decades of cannabis operating experience and standardized
procedures to operate their own dispensaries and be part of their brand as it grows. 

 The
Company also recently launched a social equity and economic development (SEED) program, pursuant to which the Company would provide services
to applicants in various states. Social equity programs run by state and local governments are generally designed to address the impacts
of past cannabis policies and their inequities by developing and implementing cannabis policies that seek to provide equitable ownership
and employment opportunities in the cannabis industry. The Company s SEED program is intended to be consistent with these policies,
but is also designed to help expand their brand and bring revenue to them through management fees and other services. 

7 

Item
9 Labs Corp. s asset portfolio also includes Dispensary Permits DP and Dispensary Templates DT ).
These assets provide services specific to different stakeholder groups. DP is the Company s consulting firm specializing in strategic
license application and compliance. DT, a subdivision of the Company, is a technology platform with an extensive digital library of licensing
and business planning resources. DP and DT are supportive in nature, providing lead generation activities for Unity Rd. To date DP and
DT have generated only minimal revenues but have helped facilitate at least two partners joining the Unity Rd. franchise system. 

 Unity
Rd. Corporate-Owned Stores 

 Though
it is not the intent of Item 9 Labs Corp. to have significant Company-owned operating dispensaries, they intend to own dispensaries in
key markets to operate for profit, serve as models for Unity Rd. franchisees, and provide training grounds for franchisees and their
management teams. Additionally, the Company s immediate expansion plans call for acquiring currently operating dispensaries for
short periods of time. Upon acquiring licensed dispensaries, the Company will seek to re-brand them to Unity Rd., implement their standard
operating procedures, then divest the dispensaries to Unity Rd. franchisees and re-invest the capital into the acquisition of additional
dispensaries. 

 Brand
Synergies 

 The
Company intends for Unity Rd. to be the platform to bring Item 9 Labs products across the United States and internationally, while keeping
dispensaries locally owned and operated, empowering entrepreneurs to operate their business and contribute to their local communities.
As the Unity Rd. dispensary brand achieves sufficient market penetration, the Company aims to offer Item 9 Labs products in those locations
to expand the distribution footprint of their premium product offerings. 

 Cannabis
Verticals 

To
date, Item 9 Labs has proven models for the following cannabis verticals: 

Cultivation :
 Growing of award winning, high-grade boutique cannabis. 

Production :
 Producing a wide variety of cannabis products. Each facility product line is developed in compliance with local rules and regulations. 

Dispensary :
 Medical and adult use retail dispensary facilities. 

Franchise
 Dispensary: Medical and adult-use retail dispensary franchises. 

Products
and Services 

The
Company s Cultivation Offerings 

The
Company is focused on the development of technology and products that administer high-quality medical and adult use cannabis through
novel and proprietary delivery devices including an intra-nasal delivery system to deliver significant health benefits. The Company is
headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona. 

Currently,
Item 9 operates on its 49-acre cultivation site in Coolidge, Arizona, with 20,000 square feet currently operational. In November 2020,
the Company was approved to expand the site. The initial phase of expansion began on November 15, 2021 and adds more than 60,000
square feet of operations space with the addition of two 18,000 square foot greenhouses, one head house (green house support building),
and two 9,600 square-foot buildings one for indoor cultivation and one for the lab and packaging. As part of its growth strategy,
the Company is in the process of opening additional cultivation and extraction locations. 

Item
9 Labs produces premium cannabis and cannabis-related products in a rapidly growing market. The currently offers more than 300 products
that they group in the following categories: flower; concentrates; distillates and hardware. The Company s product offerings will
continue to grow as they develop new products to meet the needs of the end users. The Company makes its products available to consumers
through licensed dispensaries in Arizona. Item 9 products can be found in over 70 dispensaries throughout Arizona, covering 75 of the
retail medical and adult use cannabis markets. The following is a summary of the Company s Product Lines: 

8 

Item
 9 Labs Flower: The Company offers a variety of strains to assist consumers and patients with particular needs or ailments.
 Some of its most recognized strains are Candyland, Tres Leches and Jack-Herer. 

Item
 9 Labs Concentrates: The Company offers a variety of cannabis concentrates including shatter, crumble, badder, THCA, live
 resin terpene sauce and broad spectrum distillate cartridges. 

Orion
 710: The Company believes that its Orion 710, a technological advancement from the previous Apollo 710 system, revolutionizes
 the cannabis vape market with its clean, modern design and accurately-dosed delivery. It has a sleek, compact look and a streamlined
 design that makes it easy to fit in the palm of one s hand. With three distinct temperature settings and a ceramic heating
 element, the Company believes the Orion 710 provides a longer, smoother and more effortless hit than other cannabis vaporizers. 

The
Company s Franchise Offerings 

Fees 

As
a cannabis dispensary franchisor, the Company offers both single-unit and multi-unit franchise packages to potential business operators.
The Company seeks to sell primarily multi-unit packages in regulated markets across the U.S. to well capitalized individuals and organizations
that meet their franchisee requirements. The primary franchise fees include an initial franchise fee and ongoing fees based on a percentage
of revenues of the franchisee. A summary of all their current fees is provided below: 

Initial
Franchise Fees 

Number
 of Franchises 
 Initial
 Franchise Fee Per Unit 
 
 1-2 
 100,000 
 
 3
 or more 
 83,333 

Recurring Fees 

Fee
 Type 
 Fee
 Amount 
 Payment
 Frequency 
 
 Support
 Fee 
 5 
 of Gross Revenues 
 Weekly 
 
 Marketing
 Fund Contribution 
 2 
 of Gross Revenues 
 Weekly 

The
initial fee and the support fee are intended to generate revenue for the Company and to support their efforts to provide services to
their franchisees. In their franchise agreements they are required to segregate the marketing fund contributions and use those funds
to advertise locally, regionally, and/or nationally, in printed materials, on radio, on television, and/or on the Internet in support
of their franchisees and their brand. The actual fee arrangements are subject to negotiation undertaken by their management. 

Services
and Support 

The
Company s franchise operations cover a wide scope of services to provide value to their franchisees. For new entrants to the cannabis
industry, they have an application writing and support team well-versed in the cannabis licensing process for different cities and states
across the country. They work with their franchisees advisors and facilitate relationships to help franchisees in obtaining a
license. The Company s franchisee prospects also may choose to acquire existing operators rather than new unlicensed locations.
The Company also has a mergers and acquisitions team with experience in valuing and finding acquisition candidates. Alongside their industry
relationships, they work with a variety of business brokers and bankers to help franchisees find existing businesses. 

In
addition to third-party acquisitions, they plan to provide refranchising opportunities when appropriate. These refranchise opportunities
will allow the Company to sell a corporate owned asset to a franchisee and deploy the capital to allow them to continue to grow. Whether
buying or building, they assist franchisees in selecting real estate in optimal areas that suit the zoning restrictions and limitations
for cannabis dispensaries. The Company is also seeking to partner with real estate investors to provide real estate capital and leasing
to their franchisees. During the building and/or retrofit stage of a franchisee s dispensary, they intend to utilize their long-standing
relationships with architects and contractors who have experience working with cannabis industry participants. 

The
Company also plans to provide franchisees with strategic sourcing and partnerships through their preferred suppliers in various locations.
The Company plans to utilize existing relationships to assist franchisee product purchasing at more competitive pricing than if they
were operating as a non-franchised dispensary. 

Additionally,
the Company will work with franchisees to develop and execute a plan with respect to various marketing programs, including the grand
opening of each franchise location, local advertising and cooperative marketing to support their franchisees in establishing and growing
their business. The Company believes their franchisees will receive the benefit of scale as their brand grows and the marketing pool
and locations develop alongside them. 

9 

Prior
to a franchisee beginning operations, the Company plans to provide a classroom training program that will last approximately 45 hours.
Their staff is well versed in cannabis dispensary operational procedures and with training new employees and managers. Additionally,
franchisee dispensary managers will be required to travel to their designated training facility in Denver, Colorado, or to one of the
Company s affiliate locations for hands-on training at least 60 days prior to franchisee dispensary operations commencing. 

Pre-Franchise
Service Agreements 

For
prospective franchisees that have not yet obtained a license, the Company enters into service agreements that require conversion into
franchise agreements upon issuance of the licenses. In connection with these agreements, they assist the prospective franchisees with
site selection, license procurement, dispensary design and other pre-operational services. Upon signing of the service agreement, the
prospective franchisee typically pays the Company an amount that is credited towards one s initial franchise fee in consideration
for the services to be provided prior to obtaining the license. The Company believes these service agreements allow them to assist their
prospective franchisees in obtaining licenses while it also provides them a binding commitment from the prospective franchisee to enter
into a franchise agreement upon issuance of a license. 

Company-Owned
Cannabis Facilities 

In
addition to their franchised operations, the Company plans to expand through applying for or acquiring additional licenses to operate
cannabis facilities and acquiring existing cannabis operators. They believe their current company-owned cannabis operations and potential
future acquisitions will contribute to their revenue and asset base. One of the strengths of the franchising model is that the expertise
from operating cannabis dispensaries allows the Company to improve the operations and success of all franchisees while innovations from
franchisees can be tested and, when viable, efficiently implemented to help the Company and their franchisees. Having company-owned and
operated dispensaries also provides their personnel and those of their franchisees with a venue for training. In addition, in their company-owned
and operated dispensaries they plan to further develop and refine operating standards, marketing concepts and product and pricing strategies
that they believe will ultimately benefit all of their franchisees. 

Additionally,
the Company plans to target flagship locations in new states to establish their retail brand. These locations would be
retail dispensaries that they would use for touring potential franchisees and creating a presence in a new market. The Company also has
a proven operations team in managing retail dispensaries and believes there are accretive acquisition opportunities for experienced operators. 

The
Company s targeted cannabis facilities include: 

Dispensaries: 
 Retail
 facilities that sell various cannabis products in both medical and adult-use markets to end consumers or medical patients. 

Cultivation: 
 Facilities
 for the cultivation of medical and/or adult-use cannabis flower. 

Processing: 
 Facilities
 for the manufacturing and/or processing of medical and/or adult-use cannabis products. 

Packaging: 
 Facilities
 or equipment that provide compliant and branded packaging for cannabis products delivered to franchisee- and company-owned dispensaries. 

As
the cannabis industry continues to evolve and innovate, the Company s management team may target additional cannabis operations. 

Social
Equity and Economic Development (SEED) Program 

The
Company recently launched their SEED program, pursuant to which they would provide services to applicants in various states. Social equity
programs run by state and local governments are generally designed to address the impacts of past cannabis policies and their inequities
by developing and implementing cannabis policies that seek to provide equitable ownership and employment opportunities in the cannabis
industry. The Company s SEED program is intended to be consistent with these policies but is also designed to help expand the franchise
brand and bring revenue to the Company through recurring fees and other services. 

While
their SEED program is still developing, they currently intend for the SEED Program to assist individuals or entities that qualify as
social equity applicants under state or local programs. The Company plans to assist these clients in licensing, site selection and dispensary
design and, ultimately, the operation of the dispensary utilizing the Unity Rd. brand. 

10 

Growth
Objectives and National Expansion Plans for 2022-2023 

The
Company s mission is to elevate trust in cannabis through a consistent, premium product offering; comfortable, modern cannabis
dispensaries; and ongoing education to their communities nationwide. They seek to inspire customers, entrepreneurs, investors, and the
general community alike to confidently embrace the benefits cannabis offers. They will accomplish this through the acquisition of numerous
medical and adult-use cannabis business licenses and existing businesses located throughout the United States. The Company s goal
is to acquire several dispensaries as well as acquire or develop complementary product brands, and hold several licenses by the end of
2023, including through the provision of management services over joint ventures for outstanding license applications. 

Employees
and Independent Contractors 

As
of January 13, 2023, the Company had 97 full-time employees, including its executive officers, and 7 part-time employees. The
Company plans to hire additional employees and engage consultants on an as-needed basis. The Company also have relationships with
several independent contractors who provide services to it on a regular basis. 

Research
and Development 

Going
forward, the Company intends to continue focusing resources on research and development. Allocation of research and development funds
may be dependent on the perceived likelihood of legalization or a significant change in the treatment of cannabis in a given geographic
market. Funds may also be used for both product and market development in the hemp and cannabis industries. Given the emergent nature
of these industries, the Company recognizes the needs of today may not be the needs of the future and some capital investment will be
necessary to meet changing demands. 

Intellectual
Property 

The
Company generally relies upon copyright, trademark and trade secret laws to protect and maintain its proprietary rights for its technology,
brands, and products. The Company currently holds several trademarks including various goods and services of Item 9 Labs 
(serial numbers 87940264, 87940227, 87940254 and 87940239), Delta 8 (serial numbers 88004775, 88004789, 88004799, 88004812)
and Strive Life (88/144,717), as well as several Internet domains including arizonadispensarypermits.com, dispernsarytemplates.com and
wegrowstore.com. 

The
Company maintains a policy requiring its employees, consultants and other third parties to enter into confidentiality and proprietary
rights agreements and to control access to software, documentation and other proprietary information. 

Notwithstanding
the steps the Company has taken to protect its intellectual property rights, third parties may infringe or misappropriate its proprietary
rights. Competitors may also independently develop products and models that are substantially equivalent or superior to their products
and services. 

Competition 

The
Company competes in markets where cannabis has been state legalized and state regulated. The Company expects that the quantity and composition
of their competitive environment will continue to evolve as the industry matures. Additionally, increased competition is possible to
the extent that new states and geographies enter the marketplace as a result of continued enactment of regulatory and legislative changes
that de-criminalize and regulate cannabis products. The Company believes that by diligently establishing and expanding their brands,
product offerings and services in new and existing locations, they will continue to grow in this industry. Additionally, the Company
expects that establishing their product offerings in new and existing locations will help to mitigate the risk associated with operating
in a developing competitive environment. Additionally, the contemporaneous growth of the industry as a whole will result in new customers
entering the marketplace, further mitigating the impact of competition on their operations and results. 

The
Company currently competes with cannabis cultivators, manufacturers and retailers in their local jurisdictions as well as international
enterprises, including Harvest Health & Recreation, Curaleaf, Green Thumb Industries and American Cannabis Company, among others.
Many of the Company s competitors are substantially larger than the Company and have significantly greater name recognition, sales
and marketing, financial, technical, customer support and other resources. These competitors also may have more established distribution
channels and stronger relationships with local, long distance and Internet service providers. 

11 

Government
Regulation of Cannabis 

Cannabis
(other than hemp and its derivatives) is currently a Schedule I controlled substance under the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 
811) CSA and is, therefore, illegal under federal law. Even in those states in which the use of cannabis has been legalized
pursuant to state law, its use, possession or cultivation remains a violation of federal law. A Schedule I controlled substance is defined
as one that has no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of safety for use under medical supervision and a high
potential for abuse. The U.S. Department of Justice DOJ defines Schedule I controlled substances as the most dangerous
drugs of all the drug schedules with potentially severe psychological or physical dependence. If the federal government decides
to enforce the CSA, persons that are charged with distributing, possessing with intent to distribute or growing cannabis could be subject
to fines and/or terms of imprisonment, the maximum being life imprisonment and a 50 million fine, even though these persons are in compliance
with state law. 

The
Company and their licensed products will also be subject to a number of other federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations. The
Company anticipates that they, along with their vendors, will be required to manufacture their products in accordance with the Good Manufacturing
Practices guidelines and will be subject to regulations relating to employee safety, working conditions, protection of the environment
and other items. Changes in laws, rules and regulations or the recall of any product by a regulatory authority, could have a material
adverse effect on their business and financial condition. 

The
United States federal government regulates drugs through the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 811), which places controlled
substances, including cannabis, in a schedule. Currently, cannabis and cannabidiol CBD (if it has 0.3 percent THC or
more) are classified as Schedule I drugs, which are viewed as highly addictive and having no medical value and is illegal to distribute
and use. The United States Federal Drug Administration has not approved the sale of cannabis for any medical application but did approve
the CBD-based drug epidiolex, in 2018. Doctors may not prescribe cannabis or CBD (0.3 percent THC or more) for medical use under
federal law. In 2010, the United States Veterans Affairs Department clarified that veterans using medicinal cannabis or CBD (0.3 percent
THC or more) will not be denied services or other medications that are denied to those using illegal drugs. In December 2018,
the federal Agriculture Improvement Act (also known as the Farm Bill of 2018) was approved, federally legalizing hemp and its derivatives,
such as CBD that contain less than 0.3 THC. 

Currently,
forty-seven (47) States and the District of Columbia have laws legalizing cannabis and CBD in some form. In November 2016, California,
Massachusetts, Maine and Nevada all passed measures legalizing the adult use of cannabis. California s Prop. 64 measure allows
adults age 21 and older to possess up to one ounce of cannabis and grow up to six plants in their homes. Other tax and licensing provisions
of the law did not take effect until January 2018. In November 2020, Arizona, Montana, South Dakota and New Jersey all passed measures
legalizing the adult use of cannabis, and Mississippi and South Dakota passed measures legalizing the medical use of cannabis. In March
2021, New York State passed a law to legalize adult use of cannabis. 

Where
You Can Find More Information 

The
Company is required to file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC ). These filings are not deemed to be incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. You may read and copy
any documents filed by us at the Public Reference Room of the SEC, 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information
on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The Company s filings with the SEC are also
available to the public through the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov . 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

There
are certain inherent risks which will have an effect on the Company s development in the future and the most significant risks
and uncertainties known and identified by its management are described below. 

Risks
Related to the Company and its Business 

Cannabis
(other than hemp) remains illegal under federal law, and any change in the enforcement priorities of the federal government could render
the Company s current and planned future operations unprofitable or even prohibit such operations. 

The
Company operates both directly and indirectly in the cannabis industry, which is dependent on state laws and regulations pertaining to
such industry; however, under federal law, cannabis (other than hemp) remains illegal. 

12 

The
United States federal government regulates drugs through the Controlled Substances Act (the CSA ), which
places controlled substances, including cannabis, on one of five schedules. Cannabis is currently classified as a Schedule I controlled
substance, which is viewed as having a high potential for abuse and having no currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United
States. No prescriptions may be written for Schedule I substances, and such substances are subject to production quotas imposed by the
United States Drug Enforcement Administration (the DEA ). Because of this, doctors may not prescribe
cannabis for medical use under federal law. 

Currently, 36
U.S. states, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories of Guam, Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Island allow the use of medical
cannabis and 18 states and the District of Columbia and Guam have legalized cannabis for adult-use or recreational use.
These state and territorial laws are in conflict with the federal CSA, which makes cannabis use and possession illegal at the federal
level. The United States Supreme Court has confirmed that the federal government has the right to regulate and criminalize cannabis,
including for medical purposes, and that federal law criminalizing the use of cannabis preempts state laws that legalize its use. 

The
United States Department of Justice has not historically devoted resources to prosecuting individuals whose conduct is limited to possession
of small amounts of marijuana for use on private property but relied on state and local law enforcement to address marijuana activity
(see Federal regulation of cannabis in the United States, below). In addition, a federal statute,
renewed each year in the Congressional budget since 2014 (the so-called Blumenauer Amendment ), prohibits
the use of federal enforcement dollars against state-legal medical cannabis operators. In the event the Department of Justice reverses
stated policy and begins strict enforcement of the CSA in states that have laws legalizing medical marijuana and adult-use marijuana
in small amounts, or if Congress does not continue to renew the Blumenauer Amendment or an equivalent, there may be a direct and
adverse impact to the Company and its revenue and profits. 

The Company
has expressed substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern, which may hinder its ability to obtain future financing. 

As
of September 30, 2022, the Company had 85,637 of cash and negative working capital of 37,032,478) (current assets minus current liabilities),
compared with 1,454,460 of cash and 4,893,385) of negative working capital as of September 30, 2021. We have experienced substantial
and recurring losses from operations, which losses have caused an accumulated deficit of 65,016,698 at September 30, 2022. These factors,
among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

The
Company s management concluded that internal controls over financial reporting were not effective at September 30, 2021.
If the Company fails to maintain an effective system of internal controls, they may not be able to accurately report the Company s
financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in their financial reporting,
which would harm their business and the trading price of their stock. 

In
Item9A. Controls and Procedures of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company disclosed that their management assessed the effectiveness
of their internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2022, using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013), and concluded
that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of September 30, 2022, due to material
weaknesses, including a lack of segregation of duties, a lack of risk assessment procedures on internal control to detect financial
reporting risks in a timely manner; and a lack of documentation on policies and procedures that are critical to the accomplishment of
financial reporting objectives. 

In
expanding on the Company s cited material weaknesses, the Company disclosed that their limited size has prevented them from being
able to employ sufficient resources to enable them to have an adequate level of supervision and segregation of duties within their system
of internal control. Further, the Company lacks risk assessment procedures on internal control to detect financial reporting risks in
a timely manner; and lacks documentation on policies and procedures that are critical to the accomplishment of financial reporting objectives. 

Effective
internal controls are necessary for the Company to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. If the Company
cannot provide financial reports or prevent fraud, their business reputation and operating results could be harmed. Inferior internal
controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in their reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on
the trading price of their stock. 

13 

The
Company is an early-stage growth company. 

The
Company has not yet established an ongoing source of revenue sufficient to cover its operating costs and has incurred net losses since
its inception. These losses, with the associated substantial accumulated deficit, are a direct result of the Company s planned
ramp up period as it is pursuing market acceptance and geographic expansion. In view of these matters, realization of a major portion
of the assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets is dependent upon continued operations of the Company which in turn is
dependent upon the Company s ability to meet its financing requirements, and the success of its future operations. The commercial
response to the product offerings is still uncertain, and although the Company believes that its strategy incorporates advantages
compared to other cannabis business models, if patients or consumers do not respond favorably to the Company s products or
if it takes longer to develop its products or establish its customer base or it proves to be more costly than currently anticipated to
develop its businesses, revenues may be adversely affected. 

The
Company will need, but may be unable to, obtain additional funding on satisfactory terms, which could dilute the Company s stockholders
or impose burdensome financial restrictions on their business. 

In
the future, the Company hopes to rely on revenues generated from operations to fund all of the cash requirements of their activities.
However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to generate any significant cash from their operating activities in
the future. Future financings may not be available on a timely basis, in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to the Company, if
at all. Any debt financing or other financing of securities senior to the Common Shares will likely include financial and other covenants
that will restrict the Company s flexibility. Any failure to comply with these covenants would have a material adverse effect on
the Company s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations because the Company could lose their existing
sources of funding and impair their ability to secure new sources of funding. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able
to generate any investor interest in its securities. If the Company does not obtain additional financing, the Company s business
may be materially adversely affected and could require them to suspend operations, in which case one would likely lose the entirety of
your investment in the Company. 

The
Company s operating plan may change as a result of many factors currently unknown to them, and they may need to seek additional
funds sooner than planned, through public or private equity or debt financings, government or other third-party funding, marketing and
distribution arrangements and other collaborations, strategic alliances or a combination of these approaches. Raising funds in the current
economic environment may present additional challenges. It is not certain that the Company has accounted for all costs and expenses of
future development and regulatory compliance. Even if the Company believes they have sufficient funds for their current or
future operating plans, the Company may seek additional capital if market conditions are favorable or if they have specific strategic
considerations. 

Any
additional fundraising efforts may divert the Company s management from their day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect
their ability to develop and commercialize their products. In addition, they cannot guarantee that future financing will be available
in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to them, if at all. Moreover, the terms of any financing may adversely affect the holdings
or the rights of their stockholders and the issuance of additional securities, whether equity or debt, by the Company, or the possibility
of such issuance, may cause the market price of their shares to decline. The sale of additional equity or convertible securities may
dilute their existing stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed payment obligations and the Company
may be required to agree to certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations on their ability to incur additional debt, limitations
on their ability to acquire, sell or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact
the Company s ability to conduct their business. The Company could also be required to seek funds through arrangements with collaborative
partners or otherwise at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable and the Company may be required to relinquish rights to some
of their technologies or product candidates or otherwise agree to terms unfavorable to the Company, any of which may have a material
adverse effect on the Company s business, operating results and prospects. 

If
the Company is unable to obtain funding on a timely basis, they may be required to significantly curtail, delay or discontinue one or
more of their research or development programs or the commercialization of any product, or be unable to expand their operations or otherwise
capitalize on the Company s business opportunities, as desired, which could materially affect their business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

If the
Company fails to raise additional capital, the Company s ability to implement its business model and strategy
could be compromised. 

The
Company has limited capital resources. To date, the Company s operations have been funded by and through the
Company s operations, private placements of the Company s securities and financing from the Company s financing
partners. The Company expects to require substantial additional capital in the near future, including through this
Offering, in order to execute the Company s businesses as planned, to develop and expand the Company s operations,
expand the Company s brand in the marketplace, and to establish the targeted levels of production. The Company may
not be able to obtain additional financing on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Even if the Company obtains financing for
its near-term operations, the Company expects that they will require additional capital beyond the near term.
If the Company is unable to raise capital when needed, its business, financial condition and results of operations would
be materially adversely affected, and the Company could be forced to reduce or discontinue the Company s operations. 

14 

If the
Company needs additional capital to fund their growing operations, the Company may not be able to obtain
sufficient capital and may be forced to limit the scope of the Company s operations. 

If
adequate additional financing is not available on reasonable terms, the Company may not be able to expand their business
operations and they would have to modify their business plans accordingly. There is no assurance that additional
financing will be available to the Company. 

In
connection with its growth strategies, the Company may experience increased capital needs and accordingly, the
Company may not have sufficient capital to fund their future operations without additional capital investments. The
Company s capital needs will depend on numerous factors, including: (i) their profitability; (ii) the release of
competitive products by their competition; (iii) the level of their investment in marketing and branding their products
and (iv) the amount of their capital expenditures. The Company cannot assure one that they will
be able to obtain capital in the future to meet their needs. 

In
recent years, the securities markets in the United States have experienced a high level of price and volume volatility, and the market
price of securities of many companies, especially those in the cannabis industry, have experienced wide fluctuations that have
not necessarily been related to the operations, performances, underlying asset values or prospects of such companies. For these reasons,
the Company s securities can also be expected to be subject to volatility resulting from market forces over which the Company
will have no control. If the Company needs additional funding they will, most likely, seek such funding
in the United States and the effect of market fluctuations on their stock price could limit their ability to
obtain equity financing. 

If the
Company cannot obtain additional funding, they may be required to: (i) limit their expansion; (ii) limit their marketing
efforts and (iii) decrease or eliminate capital expenditures. Such reductions could adversely affect their business and their ability
to compete. 

Even
if the Company does find a source of additional capital, they may not be able to negotiate terms and conditions
for receiving the additional capital that are favorable to the Company. Any future capital investments could dilute or otherwise materially
and adversely affect the holdings or rights of its existing stockholders. In addition, new equity or convertible debt securities
issued by the Company to obtain financing could have rights, preferences and privileges senior to their Common Shares. The
Company cannot give any assurance that any additional financing will be available to the Company, or if available, will be
on terms favorable to the Company. 

The
Company faces inherent risks prevalent when performing acquisitions and dispositions. 

Material
acquisitions, dispositions and other strategic transactions involve a number of risks, including: (i) potential disruption of the
Company s ongoing business; (ii) distraction of management; (iii) the Company may become more financially leveraged;
(iv) the anticipated benefits and cost savings of those transactions may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize
than expected; (v) increasing the scope and complexity of the Company s operations; (vi) loss or reduction of control over
certain of the Company s assets; and (vii) litigation or other disputes concerning either the Company s obligations
to counterparties under relevant transaction documents or liabilities of an acquisition target or its previous owners (whether disclosed
or undisclosed at the time of the relevant transaction). 

The
presence of one or more material liabilities of an acquired company that are unknown to the Company at the time of acquisition
could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition of the Company. While the
Company attempts to obtain appropriate indemnification provisions in connection with its acquisitions and dispositions, the
Company may still be exposed to significant financial or reputational risk as a result of entering into such transactions. 

The
required regulatory approvals needed for certain acquisitions may not be obtained or may contain materially burdensome conditions. 

Completion
of certain of the Company s potential acquisitions, specifically the transfer of certain licenses and cannabis inventory,
are conditioned upon the receipt of certain approvals of the transfer of the assets and licenses by the respective state and local
regulators. There can be no assurance that these approvals will be obtained. In addition, the governmental entities from
which these approvals are required may impose conditions on the completion of the transfer or require changes to the terms of the transfer
of the licenses. Such conditions or changes could have the effect of jeopardizing or delaying completion of the transfer of the licenses
or reducing the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions. If the Company agrees to any material conditions in order to obtain any approvals
required to complete any acquisition, the Company s business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

15 

Failure
to effectively manage growth of internal operations and business may strain the Company s financial resources. 

The
Company intends to significantly expand the scope of their business operations in the near term. The Company s growth rate may
place a significant strain on their financial resources for a number of reasons, including, but not limited to, the following: 

The
 need for continued development of the Company s financial reporting and information management systems; 

The
 need to manage strategic relationships and agreements with manufacturers, suppliers, customers and partners; and 

Difficulties
 in hiring and retaining skilled management, technical and other personnel necessary to support and manage the Company s
 business. 

Additionally,
the Company s strategy envisions a period of rapid growth that may impose a significant burden on their administrative
and operational resources. The Company s ability to effectively manage growth will require them to substantially expand the
capabilities of their administrative and operational resources and to attract, train, manage and retain qualified management
and other personnel. The Company s failure to successfully manage growth could result in their sales not increasing commensurately
with capital investments. The Company s inability to successfully manage growth could materially adversely affect their
business. 

The failure
to hire additional employees could harm the Company s business. 

The
Company s future success also depends upon the Company s continuing ability to attract and retain highly qualified personnel.
Expansion of the Company s business and the management and operation will require additional managers, officers, directors
and employees with industry experience, and the Company s success will be highly dependent on their ability to attract and retain
skilled management personnel and other employees. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to attract or retain highly
qualified personnel. Competition for honest, diligent and skilled personnel in the Company s industry is significant.
This competition may make it more difficult and expensive to attract, hire and retain qualified managers and employees. 

Risks
Related to the Cannabis Industry 

The
Company may be exposed to inherent risk due to the Federal regulation of cannabis in the United States. 

Investors
are cautioned that in the United States, cannabis is largely regulated at the state level. 

As
a result of the conflicting views between state legislatures and the federal government regarding cannabis noted below, investments
in cannabis businesses in the United States are subject to inconsistent legislation and regulation. The response to this inconsistency
was addressed in the memorandum which then Deputy Attorney General James Cole sent to all United States district attorneys (the Cole
Memorandum acknowledging that, notwithstanding the designation of cannabis as a controlled substance at the federal level
in the United States, several states had enacted laws relating to cannabis for medical purposes. 

The
Cole Memorandum outlined the priorities for the United States Department of Justice (the DOJ relating to the prosecution
of cannabis offenses. In particular, the Cole Memorandum noted that in jurisdictions that have enacted laws legalizing cannabis
in some form and that have also implemented strong and effective regulatory and enforcement systems to control the cultivation, distribution,
sale and possession of cannabis, conduct in compliance with those laws and regulations is less likely to be a priority at the federal
level. Notably, however, the DOJ never provided specific guidelines for what regulatory and enforcement systems it deemed sufficient
under the Cole Memorandum standard. In light of limited investigative and prosecutorial resources, the Cole Memorandum concluded that
the DOJ should be focused on addressing only the most significant threats related to cannabis. States where medical cannabis had been
legalized were not characterized as a high priority. 

In
2017, then newly appointed Attorney General Jeff Sessions again noted limited federal resources and acknowledged that much of the Cole
Memorandum had merit. However, in 2018, then General Sessions issued a memorandum (the Sessions Memorandum ), which
rescinded and superseded the Cole Memorandum. The Sessions Memorandum stated, in part, that current law reflects Congress 
determination that cannabis is a dangerous drug and cannabis activity is a serious crime , and Mr. Sessions directed all U.S. Attorneys
to enforce the laws enacted by Congress and to follow well-established principles when pursuing prosecutions related to cannabis activities
as set out in chapter 9-27.000 of the U.S. Attorneys Manual. The inconsistency between federal and state laws and regulations
is a major risk to the Company s business. 

As
a result of the Sessions Memorandum, federal prosecutors are now free to utilize their prosecutorial discretion to decide whether to
prosecute cannabis activities despite the existence of state-level laws that may be inconsistent with federal prohibitions. However,
the Company believes that the Cole Memorandum s principles remain well respected, and the federal government under Sessions 
tenure prosecuted no state law compliant entities. Sessions resigned in late 2018. The new Attorney General William Barr testified in
his confirmation hearing that he will not upset settled expectations , investments , or other reliance
interest[s] arising as a result of the Cole Memorandum, and that he does not intend to use federal resources to enforce federal
cannabis laws in states that have legalized cannabis to the extent people are complying with the state laws. 

16 

Medical
cannabis is currently further protected against enforcement by enacted legislation from United States Congress in the form of the Blumenauer-Farr
Amendment, which similarly prevents federal prosecutors from using federal funds to impede the implementation of medical cannabis laws
enacted at the state level, subject to Congress restoring such funding. If such funding were ever restored, actions which were previously
protected could be subject to prosecution if they are within the statute of limitations. 

Current
Attorney General Merrick Garland, appointed by President Biden, has not readopted the Cole Memorandum or announced a substantive
cannabis enforcement policy, although Mr. Garland has indicated he would deprioritize enforcement of low-level cannabis
crimes such as possession and other state-legal operations and otherwise expressed views consistent with the Cole Memorandum. Recent
statements include, I do not think it the best use of the Department s limited resources to pursue prosecutions of those
who are complying with the laws in states that have legalized and are effectively regulating marijuana I do think we need to be
sure, for example, that there are no end runs around the state laws by criminal enterprises, and that access is prohibited to minors. 

Due
to the dual sovereign nature of American government, the federal government can assert criminal violations of U.S. federal law despite
state law. Since the Cole Memo, there have not been publicized instances of any state-legal cannabis operations being prosecuted
absent claims that the operation is also violating state law. Nonetheless, the level of prosecutions of state-legal cannabis operations
is entirely unknown. If the DOJ policy were to change course and aggressively pursue financiers or equity owners of cannabis-related
business, and United States Attorneys followed such DOJ policies through pursuing prosecutions, then the Company could face
(i) seizure of its cash and other assets used to support or derived from its cannabis subsidiaries, (ii) the arrest of its employees,
directors, officers, managers and investors, and charges of ancillary criminal violations of the CSA for directly violating,
or aiding and abetting and conspiring to violate the CSA by virtue of providing financial support to cannabis companies that service
or provide goods to state-licensed or permitted cultivators, processors, distributors, and/or retailers of cannabis; and/or (iii) barring
employees, directors, officers, managers and investors who are not U.S. citizens from entry into the United States temporarily or for
life. 

Under
these circumstances, it also is possible that a federal prosecutor would seek to seize the assets of the Company, and
to recover the illicit profits previously distributed to stockholders resulting from any of cannabis activities of
the Company. In these circumstances, the Company s operations would cease, stockholders may lose their entire investment and directors,
officers and/or stockholders may be left to defend any criminal charges against them at their own expense and, if convicted, may be sent
to federal prison. 

The
Blumenauer-Farr Amendment remains current in effect. However, should
the Blumenauer-Farr Amendment not be renewed upon expiration in subsequent spending bills there can be no assurance that the federal
government will not seek to prosecute cases involving medical cannabis businesses that are otherwise compliant with state law. 

Such
potential proceedings could involve significant restrictions being imposed upon the Company or on the Company s
business, revenues, operating results and financial condition as well as the Company s reputation, even if such proceedings
were concluded successfully in favor of the Company. 

Additionally,
there can be no assurance as to the position any new administration may take on cannabis and a new administration could decide to enforce
the U.S. federal laws strongly. Any enforcement of current U.S. federal laws could cause significant financial damage to the Company and
its stockholders. Further, future presidential administrations may want to treat cannabis differently and potentially enforce the
U.S. federal laws more aggressively. 

Violations
of any U.S. federal laws and regulations could result in significant fines, penalties, administrative sanctions, convictions or settlements
arising from civil proceedings conducted by either the federal government or private citizens, or criminal charges, including, but not
limited to, disgorgement of profits, cessation of business activities or divestiture. This could have a material adverse effect on the
Company, including its reputation and ability to conduct business, its holding (directly or indirectly) of cannabis licenses in the United
States, the listing of its securities on various stock exchanges or trading platforms, its financial position, operating results,
profitability or liquidity or the market price of its publicly traded shares. In addition, it is difficult to estimate the time or resources
that would be needed for the investigation of any such matters or its final resolution because, in part, the time and resources that
may be needed are dependent on the nature and extent of any information requested by the applicable authorities involved, and such time
or resources could be substantial. 

The
Company understands that almost all major securities clearing firms in the U.S. refuse to facilitate transactions related to securities
of companies involved in the marijuana industry, especially those companies, like the Company, whose securities are not trading
on national securities exchanges. This is due to the fact that marijuana continues to be listed as a Schedule I controlled
substance under U.S. federal law, with the result that marijuana-related practices or activities, including the cultivation, possession
or distribution of marijuana, are illegal under U.S. federal law. Accordingly, U.S. residents who acquire Common Shares or
other Company securities may find it difficult, or costly if not impossible to resell such shares over the
facilities of any stock exchange or trading platform on which the Common Shares or other Company securities 
may then be listed, including the OTCQX. It remains unclear what impact, if any, this and any future actions among market participants
in the U.S. will have on the ability of U.S. residents to resell any Common Shares that they may acquire in open market transactions. 

17 

There
is regulatory uncertainty related to state cannabis laws. 

The
rulemaking process for cannabis operators at the state level in any state will be ongoing and result in frequent changes. As a result,
a compliance program is essential to manage regulatory risk. All operating policies and procedures implemented by the Company are compliance-based
and derived from the state regulatory structure governing ancillary cannabis businesses and their relationships to state-licensed or
permitted cannabis operators, if any. Notwithstanding the Company s efforts, regulatory compliance and the process of obtaining
regulatory approvals can be costly and time-consuming. No assurance can be given that the Company will receive the requisite
licenses, permits or cards to operate its businesses. 

In
addition, local laws and ordinances could restrict the Company s business activity. Although legal under the laws of the states
in which the Company s business will operate, local governments have the ability to limit, restrict, and ban cannabis businesses
from operating within their jurisdiction. Land use, zoning, local ordinances, and similar laws could be adopted or changed, and have
a material adverse effect on the Company s business. It is possible that laws or regulations may be enacted in the future
that will be directly applicable to the Company s business. The Company cannot predict the nature of any future
laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, nor can the Company determine what effect additional governmental regulations
or administrative policies and procedures, when and if promulgated, could have on the Company s business. 

The
Company is aware that multiple states are considering special taxes or fees on businesses in the cannabis industry. It
is a potential yet unknown risk at this time that other states are in the process of reviewing such additional fees and taxation, which
could result in changes in the state in which the Company operates. This could have a material adverse effect upon the
Company s business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 

The
Company may be exposed to risks upon the re-classification of cannabis in the United States. 

If
cannabis is re-categorized as a Schedule II or lower controlled substance, the ability to conduct research on the medical benefits of
cannabis would most likely be improved; however, rescheduling cannabis may materially alter enforcement policies across many federal
agencies, primarily the FDA. The FDA is responsible for ensuring public health and safety through regulation of food, drugs, supplements,
cosmetics and other similar products, pursuant to its enforcement authority set forth in the United States Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic
Act (the FDCA ). The FDA s responsibilities include regulating the ingredients, as well as the marketing and
labeling, of drugs sold in interstate commerce. Because cannabis is federally illegal to produce and sell, and because it has no federally
recognized medical uses, the FDA has historically deferred enforcement related to cannabis to the Drug Enforcement Administration DEA 
however, the FDA has enforced the FDCA with regard to hemp-derived products, especially CBD, sold outside of state-regulated cannabis
businesses. 

If
cannabis were to be rescheduled to a federally controlled, yet legal, substance, the FDA would likely play a more active regulatory role.
In the event that cannabis becomes subject to FDA regulation, the pharmaceutical industry may directly compete with state-regulated cannabis
businesses for market share, and the pharmaceutical industry may urge the DEA, the FDA, and others to enforce the CSA and FDCA against
businesses that comply with state but not federal law. The potential for multi-agency enforcement could threaten or have a materially
adverse effect on existing cannabis businesses whose operations are compliant with applicable state laws, including the Company. 

Additionally,
the FDA may issue rules and regulations including good manufacturing practices, related to the growth, cultivation, harvesting and processing
of medical cannabis. Clinical trials may be needed to verify efficacy and safety. It is also possible that the FDA would require that
facilities where medical-use cannabis is grown register with the FDA and comply with certain federally prescribed regulations. In the
event that some or all of these regulations are imposed, the impact on the cannabis industry is unknown, including what costs, requirements
and possible prohibitions may be enforced. If the Company is unable to comply with the regulations or registration as prescribed by the
FDA, it may have an adverse effect on the Company s business, operating results and financial condition. 

The
Company could have exposure to risks related to the failure of cannabis legislation passing in certain states. 

The
Company s business model depends on the legalization of cannabis, for medical and/or adult-use, at the state level. It is possible
that legislation in certain states in which the Company may wish to operate could fail to obtain the necessary votes and fail
to pass. Such inability for states to pass such legislation could materially impact the Company s future growth prospects.
If a state passes legislation to legalize cannabis for medical and/or adult-use, the state may subsequently pass legislation to implement
the law and potentially address any details not addressed in the legalizing statute or constitutional amendment itself. It is possible
that such implementing legislation could be drafted in such a way as to make the Company s operations more challenging and
costly. 

Federal
cannabis law pre-emption could pose a risk to the Company. 

It is
possible that the federal government could pass legislation legalizing cannabis for medical and/or adult-use in the future. Such federal
legislation could preempt similar legislation, and/or similar legalization efforts, including existing state laws. The Company s
operations could be subject to new federal laws and regulations, which are currently unknown and could have a material adverse effect
upon the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 

18 

Confidentiality
agreements with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of the Company s trade secrets and other proprietary
information. 

The
Company s success depends upon the skills, knowledge and experience of their technical personnel, their consultants and advisors
as well as their licensors and contractors. Because the Company operates in a highly competitive field, they will rely significantly
on trade secrets to protect their proprietary techniques and processes. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. The Company
enters into confidentiality and intellectual property assignment agreements with their corporate partners, employees, consultants, outside
scientific collaborators, developers and other advisors. These agreements generally require that the receiving party keep confidential
and not disclose to third-party businesses confidential information developed by the Company during the course of the receiving party s
relationship with the Company. These agreements also generally provide that inventions conceived by the receiving party
in the course of rendering services to the Company will be the Company s exclusive property. However, these agreements may
be breached and may not effectively assign intellectual property rights to the Company. The Company s trade secrets also could
be independently discovered by competitors, in which case the Company would not be able to prevent the use of such trade secrets by their
Company s competitors. The enforcement of a claim alleging that a party illegally obtained and was using the Company s trade
secrets could be difficult, expensive and time consuming and the outcome would be unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the
United States may be less willing to protect trade secrets. The failure to obtain or maintain meaningful trade secret
protection could adversely affect the Company s competitive position. 

The
Company faces inherent risks associated with extensive regulation and taxation in the cannabis industry. 

The
Company s services and customers are expected to be subject to federal, state, county, local and other regulations that are subject
to change without notice. In addition, there may be other legal, tax and/or regulatory changes that the Company may or may
not be able to foresee that may materially affect the Company. The process of complying with any regulations that may be imposed
could, among other unknown risks, take a significant period of time and require the expenditure of substantial resources. 

The
Company faces inherent risks associated with it competing with criminal enterprises. 

The
Company s operations may be a source of competition with current criminal enterprises dealing in cannabis, including drug cartels.
As a result, the operations of the Company may be an ongoing target of attacks specifically designed to impede the success
of its products, and it may be exposed to various levels of criminal interference and other risks and uncertainties including terrorism,
violence, hostage taking and other drug gang activities. The nature of the Company s operations may also make the Company subject
to greater risks of theft and greater risks as to property security. These conditions could lead to lower productivity and higher costs,
which would adversely affect results of operations and cash flow of the Company. Such conditions could have a material impact on
the investment returns of the Company. 

The
Company faces inherent risks associated with the cannabis industry due to limited access to banking and the ability
to access public and private capital. 

In
February 2014, the US Department of Treasury s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN issued
a Memorandum (the FinCEN Memorandum outlining the pathways for financial institutions to bank state-sanctioned
cannabis businesses in compliance with federal enforcement priorities. The FinCEN Memorandum echoed the enforcement priorities of
the Cole Memorandum and states that in some circumstances, it is permissible for banks to provide services to cannabis-related businesses
without risking prosecution for violation of federal money laundering laws. Under these guidelines, financial institutions must
submit a suspicious activity report SAR in connection with all banking activities on behalf
of marijuana related businesses (as referred to in the FinCEN Memorandum), in accordance with federal money laundering
laws. These cannabis-related SARs are divided into three categories cannabis limited, cannabis priority, and cannabis terminated
 based on the financial institution s belief that the business in question follows state law, is operating outside of compliance
with state law, or where the banking relationship has been terminated, respectively. Despite the foregoing, although FinCEN reported
706 banks and credit unions accepting business from marijuana related businesses as of June 2021, most banks do not accept
deposit funds from state-sanctioned cannabis businesses. As a result, businesses involved in the cannabis industry in the U.S. often
have difficulty accessing the U.S. banking system and traditional financing sources. 

In
addition to the foregoing, banks may refuse to process debit card payments and credit card companies generally refuse to process credit
card payments for cannabis-related businesses. As a result, the Company may have limited or no access to banking or other financial
services in the United States. In addition, federal money laundering statutes and Bank Secrecy Act regulations discourage financial institutions
from working with any organization that sells a controlled substance, regardless of whether the state it resides in permits cannabis
sales. The inability or limitation in the Company s ability to open or maintain bank accounts, obtain other banking services
and/or accept credit card and debit card payments may make it difficult for the Company to operate and conduct its business
as planned or to operate efficiently. 

19 

Risks
Related to the Company s Products and Services 

The
Company could face various risks due to its products and services offered. 

Because the
Company s industry is relatively new, there is limited information about comparable companies available for potential investors
to review in making a decision about whether to invest in the Company. 

Stockholders
and investors should further consider, among other factors, the Company s prospects for success in light of the risks and
uncertainties encountered by companies that, like the Company, are in their early stages. For example, unanticipated expenses and
problems or technical difficulties may occur and they may result in material delays in the operation of the Company s business. The
Company may not successfully address these risks and uncertainties or successfully implement its operating strategies. If the
Company fails to do so, it could materially harm the Company s business to the point of having to cease operations and
could impair the value of the securities of the Company to the point investors may lose their entire investment. 

The
Company expects to commit significant resources and capital to develop and market existing products and new products and services.
These products are relatively untested, and the Company cannot assure stockholders and investors that it will achieve
market acceptance for these products, or other new products and services that the Company may offer in the future. Moreover,
these and other new products and services may be subject to significant competition with offerings by new and existing competitors in
the business. In addition, new products and services may pose a variety of challenges and require the Company to attract additional
qualified employees. The failure to successfully develop and market these new products and services could seriously harm the Company s
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The
Company competes with a number of other companies, including other licensed entities in the United States, some of which have longer
operating histories and more financial resources and experience than the Company has. 

The
Company faces, and they expect to continue to face, intense competition from licensed cannabis operators, both public and private, and
other potential competitors, some of which have longer operating histories and more financial resources and experience than the Company
has. In addition, the cannabis industry currently is undergoing consolidation, creating larger companies with financial resources, capabilities
and product offerings that are superior to the Company s by virtue of size alone. As a result of this competition, the Company
may be unable to maintain their operations or develop them as currently proposed, on terms the Company considers acceptable, or at all. 

There
are currently hundreds of applications for cannabis licenses being processed across a number of states. The number of licenses granted
and the number ultimately authorized by each state could have an adverse impact on the Company s ability to compete in the
medical cannabis and adult-use cannabis industry. The Company expects to face additional competition from new market entrants that are
granted licenses or existing license holders that are not yet active in the industry in the states in which the Company currently operates
or plans to operate. If a significant number of new licenses are granted in any given market which the Company participate in, the Company
may experience increased competition and may experience downward price pressure on the Company s medical cannabis products as new
entrants increase production. 

If
the number of users of cannabis for medical and/or adult-use purposes increases, the demand for products will increase. This could result
in the competition in the cannabis industry becoming more intense as current and future competitors begin to offer an increasing number
of diversified cannabis products. Conversely, if there is a contraction in the medical market for cannabis, resulting from the legalization
of adult-use cannabis or otherwise, competition for market share may increase. 

The
Company faces an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims. 

The
Company faces an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims, regulatory action and litigation if its products are alleged
to have caused significant loss or injury. In addition, the sale of the Company s products would involve the risk of injury
to consumers due to tampering by unauthorized third parties or product contamination. Previously unknown adverse reactions resulting
from human consumption of the Company s products alone or in combination with other medications or substances could occur. The
Company may be subject to various product liability claims, including, among others, that the Company s products caused
injury or illness or death, include inadequate instructions for use or include inadequate warnings concerning possible side effects or
interactions with other substances. A product liability claim or regulatory action against the Company could result
in increased costs, could adversely affect the Company s reputation with its clients and consumers generally, and could have
a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of the Company. There can be no assurances
that the Company will be able to obtain or maintain product liability insurance on acceptable terms or with adequate coverage
against potential liabilities. Such insurance is expensive and may not be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. The
inability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage on reasonable terms or to otherwise protect against potential product liability claims
could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of the Company s potential products. 

20 

The
Company faces an inherent risk of exposure to product recalls. 

Manufacturers
and distributors of products are sometimes subject to the recall or return of their products for a variety of reasons, including product
defects, such as contamination, unintended harmful side effects or interactions with other substances, packaging safety and inadequate
or inaccurate labeling disclosure. If any of the Company s products are recalled due to an alleged product defect or for any
other reason, the Company could be required to incur the unexpected expense of the recall and any legal proceedings that might
arise in connection with the recall. The Company may lose a significant amount of sales and may not be able to replace
those sales at an acceptable margin or at all. In addition, a product recall may require significant management attention. Although the
Company has detailed procedures in place for testing its products, there can be no assurance that any quality, potency or contamination
problems will be detected in time to avoid unforeseen product recalls, regulatory action or lawsuits. Additionally, if one of the
Company s significant brands were subject to recall, the image of that brand and the Company could be harmed. A recall
for any of the foregoing reasons could lead to decreased demand for the Company s products and could have a material adverse
effect on the results of operations and financial condition of the Company. Additionally, product recalls may lead to increased
scrutiny of the Company s operations by the FDA, or other regulatory agencies, requiring further management attention and
potential legal fees and other expenses. 

The
Company s business may be negatively impacted by environmental factors, including unfavorable weather patterns and pesticide contamination. 

Cannabis
cultivation is an extensive, complicated and delicate process, and a successful harvest is reliant on myriad factors including, but not
limited to, lighting, fertilization, technique, sunlight, temperature and proper application of pesticides. Variance in any one of these
factors may result in a tainted or destroyed harvest that will be unfit for distribution. Further, pesticide contamination may prompt
recall and public-safety alerts, and any contamination detected may also result in product removal from retail dispensaries. 

The
Company s business may be negatively impacted by current and future environmental regulations. 

The
Company s operations are subject to environmental regulation in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. Environmental legislation
is evolving in a manner which will require stricter standards and enforcement, increased fines and penalties for non-compliance, more
stringent environmental assessments of proposed projects and a heightened degree of responsibility for companies and their officers,
directors (or the equivalent thereof) and employees. There is no assurance that future changes in environmental regulation, if any, will
not adversely affect the Company s operations. 

Government
approvals and permits are currently, and may in the future, be required in connection with the Company s operations. To the
extent such approvals are required and not obtained, the Company may be curtailed or prohibited from its proposed production
of marijuana or from proceeding with the development of its operations as currently proposed. 

Failure
to comply with applicable laws, regulations and permitting requirements may result in enforcement actions thereunder, including orders
issued by regulatory or judicial authorities causing operations to cease or be curtailed, and may include corrective measures requiring
capital expenditures, installation of additional equipment, or remedial actions. The Company may be required to compensate
those suffering loss or damage by reason of its operations and may have civil or criminal fines or penalties imposed for violations of
applicable laws or regulations. 

Amendments
to current laws, regulations and permits governing the production of medical marijuana, or more stringent implementation thereof, could
have a material adverse impact on the Company and cause increases in expenses, capital expenditures or production costs or
reduction in levels of production or require abandonment or delays in development. 

The
Company s business may be negatively impacted by currently unknown environmental risks. 

There
can be no assurance that the Company will not encounter hazardous conditions at the site of the real estate used to operate
its businesses, such as asbestos or lead, in excess of expectations that may delay the development of its businesses. Upon encountering
a hazardous condition, work at the facilities of the Company may be suspended. If the Company receives notice of
a hazardous condition, it may be required to correct the condition prior to continuing construction. The presence of other hazardous
conditions will likely delay construction and may require significant expenditure of the Company s resources to correct the
condition. Such conditions could have a material impact on the investment returns of the Company. 

The
Company relies heavily on the management team and could be negatively impacted by a loss of service of key members. 

A
risk associated with the production and sale of adult-use cannabis is the loss of important staff members. Success of the Company will
be dependent upon the ability, expertise, judgment, discretion and good faith of its senior management and key personnel. While employment
agreements are customarily used as a primary method of retaining the services of key employees, these agreements cannot assure the continued
services of such employees. Any loss of the services of such individuals could have a material adverse effect on the Company s
business, operating results or financial condition. 

21 

The
Company relies heavily on the key inputs, suppliers and employees and could be negatively impacted by a loss of these
relationships. 

The
cannabis business is dependent on a number of key inputs and their related costs including raw materials and supplies related to growing
operations, as well as electricity, water and other local utilities. Any significant interruption or negative change in the availability,
quality or economics of the supply chain for key inputs could materially impact the business, financial condition, results of operations
or prospects of the Company. Some of these inputs may only be available from a single supplier or a limited group of suppliers.
If a sole source supplier was to go out of business, the Company might be unable to find a replacement for such source in a
timely manner or at all. If a sole source supplier were to be acquired by a competitor, that competitor may elect not to sell to the
Company in the future. Any inability to secure required supplies and services or to do so on appropriate terms could have a materially
adverse impact on the business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects of the Company. 

The
ability of the Company to compete and grow will be dependent on it having access, at a reasonable cost and in a timely manner,
to skilled labor, equipment, parts and components. No assurances can be given that the Company will be successful in maintaining
its required supply of skilled labor, equipment, parts and components. This could have an adverse effect on the financial results of the
Company. 

The
Company s access to affordable skilled labor may be impeded by the existence of unionization or other collective bargaining efforts
among the Company s employees or independent contractors. The Company may also be legally required to participate
in or facilitate such unionization or collective bargaining efforts within certain jurisdictions, which could limit the Company s
access to affordable skilled labor and have a materially adverse impact on the business, financial condition, results of operations
or prospects of the Company. The Company does not believe its employees currently anticipate seeking unionization and believes
its relationship with its employees is satisfactory. 

As the
Company is a cultivator, producer and provisioner of cannabis, it will largely depend on third party retailers to resell its
cannabis and related products to end-user consumers. These retailers could tamper with the Company s products or otherwise
ignore its quality standards, which could harm the end-user customers, with whom the Company has no contact. Any changes in the
Company s retailer customer s business or fortunes could disrupt the Company s ability to sell its products at
volume. Any such changes or other unrelated production issues could also disrupt the Company s business due to delays in finding
new retailers. 

Furthermore, the
Company cannot provide assurance that its internal controls and compliance systems will always protect it from acts committed by
its employees, agents or business partners in violation of federal or state laws. Any improper acts or allegations could damage the
Company s reputation and subject it to civil or criminal investigations and related stockholder lawsuits, could lead
to substantial civil and criminal monetary and non-monetary penalties, and could cause the Company to incur significant legal
and investigatory fees. 

The
Company relies heavily on third parties and could be negatively impacted by a loss of these relationships. 

The
cannabis business is dependent on a number of third parties, including various service providers, distributors and retailers. Some of
the services and market access provided by such third parties may only be available from a single third party or a limited group of third
parties. If the only provider of a service or access to a market were to go out of business or cease doing business with the
Company, the Company might be unable to find a replacement for such service or market access in a timely manner or at all. If the only
provider of a service or access to a market were to be acquired by a competitor, that competitor may elect not to provide services or
market access to the Company in the future. Further, due to the uncertain regulatory landscape for regulating cannabis in U.S.,
the Company s third-party suppliers, manufacturers and contractors may elect, at any time, to decline or withdraw services necessary
for the Company s operations. There is also a risk that a regulatory body could impose certain restrictions on such third party s
ability to operate in the United States. Any significant interruption or negative change in the Company s business relations with
such third parties could materially impact the business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects of the Company. 

The
Company maintains what it believes to be adequate insurance coverages across its business, though there is a risk that the Company
could be negatively impacted by unknown risks associated with being uninsured or underinsured. 

The
Company s business is subject to a number of risks and hazards generally, including adverse environmental conditions, accidents,
labor disputes and changes in the regulatory environment. Such occurrences could result in damage to assets, personal injury or death,
environmental damage, delays in operations, monetary losses and possible legal liability. 

Although the
Company intends to continue to maintain insurance to protect against risks in such amounts as it considers to be reasonable,
its insurance will not cover all the potential risks associated with its operations. Moreover, there are exclusions and additional difficulties
and complexities associated with certain insurance coverages due to the Company s involvement in the cannabis industry. The
Company may also be unable to maintain insurance to cover these risks at economically feasible premiums. Insurance coverage may
not continue to be available or may not be adequate to cover any resulting liability. 

22 

Insurance
against risks such as environmental pollution or other hazards encountered in the operations of the Company is not generally
available on acceptable terms. The Company s access to adequate and affordable insurance is significantly limited by the nature
of the Company s business, which may prevent it from purchasing adequate and affordable insurance coverage. The Company might
also become subject to liability for pollution or other hazards which may not be insured against or which the Company may elect
not to insure against because of premium costs or other reasons. Losses from these events may cause the Company to incur significant
costs that could have a material adverse effect upon its financial performance and results of operations. 

The
Company utilizes proprietary forecasting models, though the limited operating history of the Company and industry as a whole may
make the models unreliable. 

The
Company must rely largely on its own market research to forecast sales as detailed forecasts are not generally obtainable from other
sources at this early stage of the adult-use cannabis industry in the states in which the Company s business will operate.
Federal and state laws prevent widespread participation and hinder market research. As a result, the market data available is limited
and unreliable. Market research and projections by the Company of estimated total retail sales, demographics, demand, and similar
consumer research are based on assumptions from limited and unreliable market data, and generally represent the personal opinions of the
Company s management team as of the date they are made. A failure in the demand for its products to materialize as a result of
competition, technological change or other factors could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial
condition of the Company. 

The
Company faces an inherent risk of exposure to various litigation risks that could have an adverse impact on its planned
future operations. 

The
Company may become party to litigation from time to time in the ordinary course of business which could adversely affect its business.
Should any litigation in which the Company becomes involved be determined against the Company such a decision could
adversely affect the Company s ability to continue operating and the market price for the Company s securities
and could use significant resources. Even if the Company is involved in litigation and wins, litigation can redirect significant
resources of the Company and/or the Company s management. 

As
the legalization of cannabis for the medical and/or adult-use is a highly controversial issue, the Company may be subject to
litigation prior to, or after, passage of legislation and/or a constitutional amendment legalizing cannabis for certain uses. In addition,
although the Company itself may not be directly named in a civil action, any litigation involving any of the Company s
subsidiaries or affiliated entities could negatively affect the Company s profits and impact its ability to conduct business
operations as planned. Such litigation could have a material adverse effect on the financial position of the Company. 

Risks
Related to the Company s Franchise Model 

The franchise
business model presents a number of risks. 

The
Company s success will rely to a large degree on the financial success and cooperation of their franchisees,
including their pre-franchise clients and affiliates. The Company s revenues arise from two sources: fees from
franchised dispensaries and pre-franchise clients and sales from company-owned dispensaries that the Company owns and
may own in the future. The Company s franchisees manage their businesses independently, and therefore are responsible
for the day-to-day operation of their dispensaries. The revenues the Company realizes from franchised dispensaries are
largely dependent on the ability of the Company s franchisees to grow their sales. Business risks affecting the
Company s operations also affect their franchisees. If the Company s franchisees do not experience
sales growth, the Company s revenues and margins could be negatively affected as a result. Also, if sales trends worsen
for franchisees, their financial results may deteriorate, which could result in, among other things, closures, or delayed or reduced
payments to the Company. 

The
Company believes they are one of the first in the U.S. cannabis industry to offer dispensary franchises
as they build their brand. There is, therefore, to the Company s knowledge, no record of
any national company achieving success or profitability by offering franchised cannabis dispensaries under consistent branding in
the United States. 

The
Company s franchisees could take actions that could harm the Company s business. 

The
Company s franchisees are contractually obligated to operate their dispensaries in accordance with state cannabis laws and
the operations, safety, and health standards set forth in the Company s agreements with them. However, franchisees are
independent third parties which the Company does not control. The franchisees own, operate, and oversee the daily operations
of their dispensaries and have sole control over all employee and other workforce decisions. As a result, the ultimate success and quality
of any franchised dispensary rests with the franchisee. If franchisees do not successfully operate dispensaries in a manner consistent
with required standards, franchise fees paid to the Company will be adversely affected and brand image and reputation could
be harmed, which in turn could materially and adversely affect the Company s business and operating results. 

23 

The
Company s operating performance could also be negatively affected if the Company s franchisees experience
operational problems or project an image inconsistent with the Company s brand and values, particularly if the Company s contractual
and other rights and remedies are limited, costly to exercise or subjected to litigation and potential delays. 

The
Company may face regulatory hurdles seeking to sell franchises in certain states. 

The
sale of franchises is regulated by various state laws, as well as by the FTC. The FTC requires that franchisors make extensive disclosure
to prospective franchisees but does not require registration. A number of states require registration or disclosure by franchisors in
connection with franchise offers and sales. Several states also have franchise relationship laws or business opportunity
laws that limit the ability of the franchisor to terminate franchise agreements or to withhold consent to the renewal or transfer
of these agreements. The states with relationship or other statutes governing the termination of franchises include Arkansas, California,
Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, New Jersey, Virginia, Washington
and Wisconsin. Some franchise relationship statutes require a mandated notice period for termination; some require a notice
and cure period; and some require that the franchisor demonstrate good cause for termination. Although the Company believes that their franchise
agreements comply with these statutory requirements, failure to comply with these laws could result in the Company incurring
civil liability. In addition, the Company cannot predict the effect of any future federal or state legislation or regulation. 

States
may not be willing to allow the Company to offer franchises because of the federally illegal status of cannabis. States, such
as California, also could require that the Company become a party to their franchisees cannabis dispensary license.
If this occurs, the Company may be limited in the number of franchises they sell in a particular state, municipality
or local jurisdiction, the Company s costs of compliance would likely be increased, and the Company s ability
to remediate a default by a franchisee may be limited, which may have material adverse effect on the Company s business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

Their
marketing activities for franchises may not be successful. 

The
Company invests resources in advertising and other marketing activities to maintain, extend and expand the Company s brand
image. There can be no assurance that the Company s marketing strategies will be effective or that the amount the
Company invests in advertising activities will result in a corresponding increase in sales of the Company s franchises. 
If the Company s marketing initiatives are not successful, the Company will have incurred significant expenses
without the benefit of higher revenues. 

Risks
Associated with the Company s Capital Stock 

Sales
of substantial amounts of a particular class of securities may have an adverse effect on the market price of such securities. 

Sales
of substantial amounts of a particular class of securities of the Company, or the availability of such securities for sale, could
adversely affect the prevailing market prices for such class of securities. A decline in the market prices of a particular class of the
Company s securities could impair the Company s ability to raise additional capital through the sale of securities should
it desire to do so. 

The
Company s stock has historically experienced volatile market pricing. 

The
market price for the Company s securities may be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to numerous factors,
many of which will be beyond the Company s control. Financial markets have at times experienced significant
price and volume fluctuations that have particularly affected the market prices of equity securities of companies and that have often
been unrelated to the operating performance, underlying asset values or prospects of such companies. Accordingly, the market price of the
Company s securities may decline even if the Company s operating results, underlying asset values or prospects have
not changed. Additionally, these factors, as well as other related factors, may cause decreases in asset values that are deemed
to be other than temporary, which may result in impairment losses. There can be no assurance that continuing fluctuations in price and
volume will not occur. If such increased levels of volatility and market turmoil continue, the Company s operations could
be adversely impacted, and the trading price of the Company s securities may be materially adversely affected. 

The
Company s ability to manage debt service is dependent on its cash flows. 

An
economic downturn may negatively impact the Company s cash flows. Credit and capital markets can be volatile, which could
make it more difficult for the Company to obtain additional debt or equity financings in the future. Such constraints could
increase the Company s costs of borrowing and could restrict its access to other potential sources of future liquidity. The
Company s failure to have sufficient liquidity to make interest and other payments required by its debt could result in a default
of such debt and acceleration of the Company s borrowings, which would have a material adverse effect on the Company s
business and financial condition. To the extent the Company incurs indebtedness, principal and interest payments on such indebtedness
will have to be made when due, regardless of whether sufficient cash flow or income is available. If payments on any debts and obligations
are not made when due, it may result in substantial adverse consequences to the Company, including adverse income tax consequences. 

24 

The
Company s common stock may become subject to the SEC's penny stock rules, which may make it difficult for broker-dealers to
complete customer transactions and could adversely affect trading activity in their securities. 

The
SEC has adopted regulations which generally define penny stock to be an equity security that has a market price of less than
 5.00 per share, subject to specific exemptions. The market price of the Company s common stock may be less than 5.00
per share for some period of time and therefore would be a penny stock according to SEC rules, unless the Company is listed
on a national securities exchange. Under these rules, broker-dealers who recommend such securities to persons other than institutional
accredited investors must: 

make
 a special written suitability determination for the purchaser; 

receive
 the purchaser's prior written agreement to the transaction; 

provide
 the purchaser with risk disclosure documents which identify certain risks associated with investing in penny stocks and
 which describe the market for these penny stocks as well as a purchaser's legal remedies; and 

obtain
 a signed and dated acknowledgment from the purchaser demonstrating that the purchaser has actually received the required risk disclosure
 document before a transaction in a penny stock can be completed. 

If
required to comply with these rules, broker-dealers may find it difficult to effectuate customer transactions and trading activity in the
Company s securities may be adversely affected. 

FINRA
sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell the Company s stock. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules described above, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing
that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional
customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status,
investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that
speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers
to recommend that their customers buy the Company s Common Stock, which may limit one s ability to buy and sell the Company s
stock and have an adverse effect on the market for the Company s shares. 

The
Company does not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any return on investment may be limited to the value of the
Company s stock. 

The
Company has never paid any cash dividends on any shares of their capital stock, and they do not anticipate that they will pay any dividends
in the foreseeable future. The Company s current business plan is to retain any future earnings to finance the expansion of their
business. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors, and will
be dependent upon the Company s financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and other factors as the
Company s Board of Directors may deem relevant at that time. If the Company does not pay cash dividends, their stock may be less
valuable because a return on one s investment will only occur if the Company s stock price appreciates. 

The
market for the Company s Common Stock may be thinly traded, so one may be unable to sell at or near ask prices or at all if one
needs to sell one s shares to raise money or otherwise desire to liquidate one s shares. 

The
Company s Common Stock has been historically thinly traded on the OTC Markets, meaning that the number of persons interested in
purchasing the Company s shares at or near ask prices at any given time has been relatively small or non-existent. This situation
is attributable to several factors, including that the Company is a small company that is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stockbrokers,
institutional investors, and others in the investment community. Even if the Company came to such persons attention, those persons
tend to be risk-averse and would be reluctant to follow an unproven company such as the Company or purchase or recommend the purchase
of the Company s shares until they became more seasoned and viable. Consequently, there may be periods of several days or more
when trading activity in the Company s shares is minimal or non-existent compared to a seasoned issuer, which has a large and steady
volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on the Company s share price.
The Company cannot assure one that a broader or more active public trading market for the Company s Common Shares will develop
or be sustained or that current trading levels will be maintained. 

25 

The
indemnification provisions in the Company s certificate of incorporation and bylaws under Delaware law may result in substantial
expenditures by the Company and may discourage lawsuits against the Company s directors, officers, and employees. 

The
Company s certificate of incorporation contains provisions that eliminate the Company s directors liability for monetary
damage to the Company and stockholders. The Company s bylaws also require them to indemnify their officers and directors. The Company
may also have contractual indemnification obligations under their agreements with their directors, officers, and employees. These indemnification
obligations could result in the Company incurring substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage awards against directors,
officers, and employees that they may not recoup. 

Pursuant
to the laws of the State of Delaware, the Company s certificate of incorporation excludes personal liability for its directors
for monetary damage based upon any violation of their fiduciary duties as directors, except as to liability for any breach of the duty
of loyalty, acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, acts in violation
of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or any transaction from which a director receives an improper personal benefit. 

This
exclusion of liability does not limit any right, which a director may have to be indemnified, and does not affect any director s
liability under federal or applicable state securities laws. 

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling the
Company pursuant to provisions of the State of Delaware, the Company has been informed that, in the opinion of the Securities
and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in that Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 

The
Company is classified as a smaller reporting company and they cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements
applicable to smaller reporting companies will make their Common Stock less attractive to investors. 

The
Company is currently a smaller reporting company. Specifically, smaller reporting companies are able to provide simplified
executive compensation disclosures in their filings; are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring
that independent registered public accounting firms provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting; and have certain other decreased disclosure obligations in their SEC filings. Decreased disclosures in the Company s
SEC filings due to their status as a smaller reporting company may make it harder for investors to analyze their results of operations
and financial prospects. 

Holders
of the Company s Common Stock may face significant restrictions on the resale of the Common Stock due to states blue
sky laws or rules. 

The
Company intends to offer and sell their securities to private subscribers and retail customers, from time to time, in every state in
the United States plus the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996 NSMIA ),
which is a U.S. federal statute, preempts the states from regulating transactions in certain securities, which are referred to as covered
securities, and which include the Units and components thereof offered hereby pursuant to Regulation A. NSMIA nevertheless allows
the states to investigate if there is a suspicion of fraud or deceit, or unlawful conduct by a broker or dealer, in connection with the
sale of securities. If there is a finding of fraudulent activity, the states can bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case.
The various states and other jurisdictions can impose fines on the Company or take other regulatory actions against the Company if they
fail to comply with their securities laws. Although the Company is taking steps to help ensure that they will conduct
all offers and sales of its securities in compliance with all blue sky laws, there can be no assurance that they will be able
to achieve such compliance in all instances, or avoid fines or other regulatory actions if they do not achieve compliance. 

Because
the Company became a reporting company under the Exchange Act by means other than a traditional underwritten initial public offering,
the Company may not be able to attract the attention of research analysts at major brokerage firms. 

Because
the Company did not become a reporting company by conducting an underwritten initial public offering, or IPO, of the Company s
Common Stock, and because the Company is not listed on a national securities exchange, security analysts of brokerage firms may not provide
coverage of the Company. In addition, investment banks may be less likely to agree to underwrite secondary offerings on the Company s
behalf because they may be less familiar with the Company as a result of more limited coverage by analysts and the media, and because
the Company became public at an early stage in its development. 

26 

Provisions
under Delaware law could make an acquisition of the Company more difficult, limit attempts by their stockholders to replace or remove
their current management. 

In
addition to the Company s corporate charter and their bylaws, because they are incorporated in Delaware, they are subject to the
provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in
any of a broad range of business combinations with any holder of at least 15 of their capital stock for a period of three years following
the date on which the stockholder became a 15 stockholder. 

The
Company currently has outstanding, and they may, in the future, issue instruments which are convertible into shares of Common Stock,
which may result in stockholder dilution. 

The
Company currently has outstanding instruments which are convertible into shares of Common Stock, and they may need to issue similar instruments
in the future. In the event that these convertible instruments are converted into shares of Common Stock, or that the Company makes additional
issuances of other convertible or exchangeable securities, stockholders could experience additional dilution. Furthermore, the Company
cannot guarantee that they will be able to issue shares or other securities in any other offering at a price per share that is equal
to or greater than the price per share paid by investors or the then current market price. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

The
Company s principal offices are located at 2727 N 3rd Street, Suite 201, Phoenix AZ 85004 and consist of 4,202 square feet
at a month rent of 6,653. The lease includes all utilities and was effective June 1, 2019 with a term of five years. Further, the Company
has assumed a lease agreement at 14201 N. May Ave, Suite 205, Oklahoma City, OK 73134 and consists of 3,101 square feet at an escalating
monthly rent beginning at 5,483. The term of the lease ends in February 2029. The term of the lease may be extended by two additional
five-year periods with rent to be determined at the time the extension option is exercised. In addition, the Company has assumed a lease
agreement at 6101 Washington Street, Denver, CO 80216 and consists of 2,650 square feet at an escalating monthly rent beginning at 15,450.
The term of the lease ends in February 2024. The term of the lease may be extended by one additional three-year period with rent to be
set at the then market rate. 

The
Company has signed two leases, the commencement of which is contingent upon the receipt of certain cannabis licenses, for a total of
approximately 19,000 square feet of retail and storage space. The initial total monthly base rent for these leases is approximately 13,000.
The leased property is located in Broomfield, Colorado, and Biddeford, Maine. 

Currently,
Item 9 operates on its 49-acre cultivation site in Coolidge, Arizona, with 20,000 square feet currently operational and currently producing
premium cannabis. 

In
November 2020, the Company was approved to expand the site. The initial phase of expansion began on November 15, 2021, and will
add more than 60,000 square feet of operations space with the addition of two 18,000 square foot greenhouses, one head house (green house
support building), and two 9,600 square-foot buildings one for indoor cultivation and one for the lab and packaging. The
Company estimates that phase 1 of its construction plan will be completed during the third quarter of its fiscal year 2023. The extension
of time to complete phase 1 of its construction plan is primarily due to delays in obtaining the necessary construction permits and supply
chain shortages of construction materials. Further, given the current level of inflation and the supply chain shortages, the Company
estimates that costs will exceed original estimates by 25 -30 . The needed permits were obtained during the year ended September 30,
2022. The Company may experience additional construction delays. The Company can provide no assurance that it will be able to obtain
the financing needed to pay the additional construction costs. 

27 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

From
time to time, the Company may be subject to legal proceedings and claims that have arisen in the ordinary course of business. The Company s
material legal proceedings are described in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Note
10, Commitment and Contingencies. 

The
outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. If one or more legal matters were resolved against the Company in a reporting period for
amounts above management s expectations, the Company s financial condition and operating results for that reporting period
could be materially adversely affected. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

Item
5. Market for Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

The
Company s common stock is currently quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board and has been quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board since November
3, 2011 under the symbol CDYY.OB. On November 9, 2012, the Company s symbol was changed to AIRW.OB 
to reflect the Company s name change. On December 21, 2016 the Company filed a Form 15-12G and down listed to the OTC Pink sheets.
On April 27, 2018, the Company s ticker symbol was changed to INLB . On August 31, 2020, the Company s common
stock began trading on the OTCQX marketplace. Because the Company is quoted on the OTC Markets, their common stock may be less liquid,
receive less coverage by security analysts and news media, and generate lower prices than might otherwise be obtained if it were listed
on a national securities exchange. 

The
following table sets forth the high and low bid prices for the Company s Common Stock per quarter as reported by the OTC Bulletin
Board for the quarterly periods indicated below based on its fiscal year end of September 30. These prices represent quotations between
dealers without adjustment for retail mark-up, markdown or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 

Fiscal Quarter 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter (October 1,
 2020 - December 31, 2020) 
 2.25 
 1.07 
 
 Second Quarter (January 1, 2021 - March
 31, 2021) 
 4.00 
 1.97 
 
 Third Quarter (April 1, 2021 - June 30,
 2021) 
 4.00 
 2.80 
 
 Fourth Quarter (July 1, 2021 - September
 30, 2021) 
 3.27 
 1.44 

First Quarter (October 1, 2021 - December
 31, 2021) 
 1.69 
 0.98 
 
 Second Quarter (January 1, 2022 - March
 31, 2022) 
 1.40 
 0.92 
 
 Third Quarter (April 1, 2022 - June 30,
 2022) 
 1.35 
 0.63 
 
 Fourth Quarter (July 1, 2022 - September
 30, 2022) 
 1.59 
 0.38 

Record
Holders 

As
of September 30, 2022, there were 109,950,509 common shares issued and 97,650,509 common shares outstanding, which were held by
2,904 stockholders of record, which includes individual participants in security position listings. 

Dividends 

The
Company has never declared or paid any cash dividends on its common stock nor do they anticipate paying any in the foreseeable future.
Furthermore, the Company expects to retain any future earnings to finance its operations and expansion. The payment of cash dividends
in the future will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon the Company s earnings levels, capital requirements,
any restrictive loan covenants and other factors the Board considers relevant. 

28 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

For
equity compensation plan information, refer to Item 12 in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Common
Stock 

The
Company is authorized to issue 2,000,000,000 shares of Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock ). As
of September 30, 2022, there were 109,950,509 shares of Common Stock issued and 97,650,509 shares outstanding. As of January 13, 2023,
there were 112,302,264 shares of common stock issued and 100,002,264 shares outstanding. 

The
holders of the Company s Common Stock have equal ratable rights to dividends from funds legally available therefore, when, as and
if declared by the Board of Directors. Holders of Common Stock are also entitled to share ratably in all of the Company s assets
available for distribution to holders of Common Stock upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs. 

The
holders of shares of the Company s Common Stock do not have cumulative voting rights, which means that the holders of more than
50 of such outstanding shares, voting for the election of directors, can elect all of the directors to be elected, if they so choose,
and in such event, the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any of the Company s directors. The holders of
50 percent of the outstanding Common Stock constitute a quorum at any meeting of shareholders, and the vote by the holders of a majority
of the outstanding shares or a majority of the shareholders at a meeting at which quorum exists are required to effect certain fundamental
corporate changes, such as liquidation, merger or amendment of the Company s articles of incorporation. 

Holders
of the Company s Common Stock may resell their shares of Common Stock, pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act Rule
144 ), one year following the date of acquisition of such securities from the Company until such time that the Company becomes
subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Holders of the Company s Common Stock may resell
their shares of Common Stock, pursuant to Rule 144 six months following the date of acquisition of such securities from the Company or
an affiliate of the Company after the Company has been subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act,
for a period of at least 90 days immediately before such sale, and has filed all required reports under the Exchange Act (other than
reports on Form 8-K) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period as the Company was required to file such reports). If the
condition set forth above relating to the Company having filed all required reports under the Exchange Act is not satisfied, holders
of its Common Stock may resell their shares of Common Stock, pursuant to Rule 144, one year following the acquisition of such securities
from the Company or an affiliate of the Company. 

Shares
of the Company s Common Stock are registered at the office of the Company and are transferable at such office by the registered
holder (or duly authorized attorney) upon surrender of the Common Stock certificate, properly endorsed. No transfer shall be registered
unless the Company is satisfied that such transfer will not result in a violation of any applicable federal or state securities laws. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

During
the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company issued 69,892 shares of common stock at a price of 0.93 per share related to a Co-Management
Agreement with a dispensary in Oklahoma and the purchase of substantially all of the assets of the dispensary, excluding cannabis and
cannabis related products and licenses. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company issued 300,000 shares of common stock at a price of 1.12 per share for the acquisition
of certain licenses to operate a recreational cannabis dispensary in Adams County, Colorado. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company issued 1,020,135 shares of common stock with the issuance of debt and amendments to debt.
The common stock was recorded at its relative fair value at prices ranging between 0.27 and 1.01 for a total value of 441,757. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company issued 781,790 shares of common stock for services received at prices ranging between
 0.45 and 1.55 for a total value of 564,352. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company issued 27,929 shares of common stock upon the exercise of stock options. The 27,929 shares
issued for stock options were issued under cashless exercise provisions and no proceeds were received. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company issued 15,646,643 shares of common stock at a price of 0.85 per share to accredited investors
for gross cash proceeds of 13,299,808. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company issued 19,080,000 shares of common stock for the acquisition of OCG Inc. at prices ranging
between 2.62 and 3.49 for a total value of 61,899,342. 

29 

During
the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company issued 1,419,989 shares of common stock for the automatic conversion of debt and accrued
interest at a price of 1.00 per share for a total value of 1,419,989. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company issued 92,365 shares of common stock with the issuance of debt. The common stock was recorded
at its relative fair value and prices ranging between 0.78 and 0.83 for a total value of 107,489. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company issued 1,461,099 shares of common stock for services received at prices ranging between
 1.25 and 3.75 for a total value of 3,130,366. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company issued 1,038,208 shares of common stock upon the exercise of warrants and stock options.
The Company received 30,994 for the exercise of 35,625 stock options, 0.87 per share. The 1,002,583 of shares issued for warrants were
issued under cashless exercise provisions and no proceeds were received. 

For
each such transaction, we relied upon one of the following exemptions: (i) Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act ), (ii) Rule 506(b) under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, or (iii) Regulation S, as transactions
by an issuer not involving any public offering. For each such transaction, we did not use general solicitation or advertising to market
the securities. The securities were offered to a limited number of persons, the investors had access to information regarding us (including
information contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021, Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q for the periods ended December 31, 2021, March 31, 2022 and June 30, 2022 and Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, and press releases made by us), and they were available to answer questions by prospective investors. The Company
reasonably believes that each of the investors is an accredited investor and if any investors were not accredited investors no more than
35 unaccredited investors participated in any respective offering. The proceeds were used for working capital and other corporate purposes. 

Convertible
Notes Payable 

At
September 30, 2022, the Company had various convertible notes payable outstanding. The conversion prices of the outstanding convertible
notes payable range between 0.35 to 2.50. At September 30, 2022, the outstanding convertible notes and related accrued interest, as
applicable, was convertible into 9,968,931 shares of common stock. 

Stock
Transfer Agent 

The
Company s transfer agent is Nevada Agency and Transfer Company, Inc., 50 West Liberty Street, Suite 880, Reno, NV 89501. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data. 

The
Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required
under this item. 

30 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Forward
Looking Statements 

You
should read the following discussion of the Company s financial condition and results of operations together with its audited consolidated
financial statements and notes to such financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The following discussion contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current
expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections about the Company s industry, business and future financial results. The Company s
actual results could differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors,
including those discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors and other sections in this 10-K. 

Overview 

Item
9 Labs produces premium cannabis and cannabis related products in a rapidly growing market. The Company currently offers over seventy-five
(75) active cannabis strains and more than one hundred fifty (150) differentiated cannabis vape products as well as premium concentrates
and Orion vape technologies. The Company s product offerings will continue to grow as they develop new products to meet the needs
of the end users. The Company makes its products available to consumers through licensed dispensaries in Arizona. Item 9 Labs 
products are now carried in more than 60 dispensaries throughout the state of Arizona. 

The
Company believes its past and future success is dependent upon its ongoing ability to understand the needs and desires of the consumers,
and the Company develops and offers products that meet those needs. 

The
Company s objective is to leverage its assets (tangible and intangible) to fuel the growth of its share of the Arizona cannabis
market, as well as expand the geographical reach of its products into markets outside of Arizona, with the ultimate goal of providing
comfortable cannabis health solutions to a larger population in a manner that will create value for the Company s shareholders. 

In
March 2020, the World Health Organization categorized Coronavirus Disease 2019 COVID-19 as a pandemic, and the President
of the United States declared the COVID-19 outbreak a national emergency. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on the Company s
operational and financial performance will depend on certain developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak, its impact
on its customers and vendors, and the range of governmental and community reactions to the pandemic, which are uncertain and cannot be
fully predicted at this time. 

In
March 2021, the Company closed on the acquisition of OCG, Inc., dba Unity Rd., a cannabis dispensary franchisor. 
The transaction was structured as a reverse triangular merger, with the effect of OCG, Inc. becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company. Unity Rd has agreements with more than twenty (20) entrepreneurial groups to open more than thirty (30) Unity Rd retail dispensary
locations in twelve (12) states. The majority of the locations are in the licensing process. We currently have one franchisee operating
in Boulder, Colorado. Unity Rd. will assist in providing distribution for Item 9 Labs products to be sold across
the United States and internationally to its franchisees for public resale, while keeping dispensaries locally owned and operated.
As Unity Rd. dispensaries expand in its market penetration, Item 9 Labs aims to offer its products in those
locations by expanding the distribution footprint of its premium product offerings to new states. 

The
Company s Arizona cannabis operations have expanded in recent years, with the addition of a 2nd nearly 10,000
square foot facility in the 4th quarter of fiscal year 2019, more than doubling the Company s cultivation and processing
space for Arizona. As the Company methodically expanded its operational capacity by more than 100 in fiscal year 2020, it
was also able to significantly increase efficiencies within the cultivation and processing operations. The increased efficiencies
have been offset in the current period by certain supply shortages and repair and maintenance delays resulting in longer production lead
times. 

The
Arizona expansion has continued in fiscal year 2022 and is expected to continue thereafter. The Company has tripled
production since October 1, 2020, while beginning construction on phase 1 of its construction plan to build additional
cultivation space. Phase 1 plans total over 60,000 square feet of additional cultivation and processing space, and the planned
remaining five phases would add over 560,000 square feet of cultivation and processing space. By the conclusion of the
master site development, the Company anticipates a total of more than 640,000 square feet of cultivation and processing space; there
is no assurance the Company can complete these construction projects as planned. 

The
Company estimates that phase 1 of its construction plan will be completed during the third quarter of its fiscal year 2023. The extension
of time to complete phase 1 of its construction plan is primarily due to delays in obtaining the necessary construction permits and supply
chain shortages of construction materials. Further, given the current level of inflation and the supply chain shortages, the Company
estimates that costs will exceed original estimates by 25 -30 . The needed permits were obtained subsequent to June 30, 2022. The Company
may experience additional construction delays. The Company can provide no assurance that it will be able to obtain the financing needed
to pay the additional construction costs. 

31 

Item
9 Labs Corp. has continued its expansion plans into other states as well as the Company acquired (pending regulatory approval)
cultivation and processing licenses in Nye County, Nevada which will be paired with their Nevada facility. In fiscal
2019, the Company broke ground on their 20,000 square foot cultivation and processing facility in Nevada. The
facility is substantially complete. 

On
October 6, 2021, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement APA to acquire an existing dispensary license and
storefront from Nebrina Adams County LLC, a Colorado limited liability company Seller in Adams County, CO. The
total purchase price was 1,536,000, as to which 1,000,000 was paid to an escrow account upon conditional approvals of the change of
ownership from state and local licensing authorities concerning the transfer of ownership. At closing, that amount was released to the
Seller along with an 18-month promissory note in the principal amount of 200,000 and the balance payable in 300,000 shares of Company
common stock, valued at 336,000. The Company obtained financing to consummate this transaction. On March 2, 2022, the Company received
the necessary regulatory approvals and completed this transaction. The existing dispensary license had never been operational. This dispensary,
known as the Company s North Denver location, began operations on July 11, 2022, making it the Company s first corporate-owned
shop in Colorado under the Company s cannabis dispensary brand, Unity Rd. 

This
license acquisition is part of an overarching acquisition strategy that is intended to accelerate national expansion by creating turnkey
investment opportunities for Unity Rd. franchisees. The Company plans to convert acquired dispensaries into Unity Rd. shops, operate
them internally and sell them to an existing or future franchise partner. This offers an expedited solution for entrepreneurs seeking
immediate entry into cannabis. The Company is targeting numerous similar transactions in the next 12 months to gain a deeper market penetration
in select markets. Subsequently and/or concurrently, the Company plans to introduce the Item 9 Labs suite of products to the same markets
through the acquisition of cultivation and production licenses or through joint ventures with qualified local, licensed operators. 

On
March 11, 2022, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with The Herbal Cure LLC, a Colorado limited liability company,
pursuant to which the Company is purchasing certain assets. Effective upon the completion of the sale, which has not occurred as of the
date of this filing, the licenses, contracts and certain personal property to operate a licensed medicinal and recreational cannabis
dispensary will be delivered to the Company. The total purchase price is 5,750,000, as to which 250,000 is to be paid upon execution
of the Asset Purchase Agreement, 3,700,000 payable at closing, 700,000 shall be financed by seller pursuant to a Secured Promissory
Note and the remainder of the purchase prices shall be paid in shares of the Company s common stock on the closing date. The Secured
Promissory Note shall accrue interest at 5 per annum and have a term of 18 months, commencing on the closing date, payable in even monthly
installments until paid in full. The shares of the Company s common stock to be issued shall be in such an amount as is the quotient
of 1,100,000 divided by the product of the 10-day volume weighted average price of the shares as of the closing date and 85 . The Company
can provide no assurance that it will be successful in finalizing this acquisition. 

On
May 18, 2022, Item 9 Labs Corp., a Delaware corporation Company ), and OCG Management Ontario, Inc., a corporation formed
under the laws of the Province of Ontario Purchaser and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated solely
for the purpose of completing the transaction, entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with Steven Fry,
Najla Guthrie, Darryl Allen, Louis Laskovski, each an individual residing in the Province of Ontario, and 2628146 Ontario Ltd., a corporation
formed under the laws of the Province of Ontario, and 11949896 Canada Inc., a corporation formed under the federal laws of Canada (together,
the Shareholders ), pursuant to which Purchaser is purchasing all (but not less than all) of the issued and outstanding
shares in the capital of Wild Card Cannabis Incorporated, a corporation formed under the laws of the Province of Ontario, Shares free and clear of all Liens from the Shareholders. The total purchase price for the Shares is Twelve Million Eight Hundred Thousand Dollars 12,800,000 USD) (the Purchase Price ), as adjusted, plus the Earnout Payment, if any (collectively, the Purchase
Price payable as follows: (i) The Company has delivered the Exclusivity Deposit in the amount of 156,902 to the Escrow Agent
on March 4, 2022; (ii) At the Closing, Purchaser shall pay to Shareholders the Estimated Purchase Price of Twelve Million Eight
Hundred Thousand Dollars 12,800,000 USD), as adjusted, in immediately available funds; (iii) Four Million One Hundred Thousand
Dollars 4,100,000), as adjusted, payable by the delivery of the Company s common stock, the number of which will be calculated
on the basis of a deemed price per common share equal to the 10-Day VWAP of the trading price of the Company s common stock on
the stock exchange upon which the Company s common stock is listed, with the last day of the First Earnout Period (the date that
is 12 months following the Closing Date) as the measurement date less a 15 discount, if actual Net Revenue is respect of the First Earnout
Period is greater than or equal to the Target Net Revenue for the First Earnout Period; and (iv) Four Million One Hundred Thousand
Dollars 4,100,000), as adjusted, payable by the delivery of the Company s common stock, the number of which will be calculated
on the basis of a deemed price per common share equal to the 10-Day VWAP of the trading price of the Company s common stock on
the stock exchange upon which the Company s common stock is listed, with the last day of the Second Earnout Period (the date that
is 24 months following the Closing Date) as the measurement date less a 15 discount, if actual Net Revenue is respect of the Second
Earnout Period is greater than or equal to the Target Net Revenue for the Second Earnout Period. 

32 

Results
of Operations 

Year
 ended September 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 
 
 Revenues, net 
 21,756,997 
 21,937,227 
 (180,230 
 -1 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 14,445,269 
 13,324,284 
 1,120,985 
 8 
 
 Gross profit 
 7,311,728 
 8,612,943 
 (1,301,215 
 -15 
 
 Operating expenses 

Professional fees and outside
 services 
 2,982,599 
 3,241,820 
 (259,221 
 -8 
 
 Payroll and employee related
 expenses 
 10,279,552 
 6,649,097 
 3,630,455 
 55 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 1,811,981 
 1,170,982 
 640,999 
 55 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 1,606,851 
 1,085,847 
 521,004 
 48 
 
 Other operating expenses 
 3,755,955 
 1,828,954 
 1,927,001 
 105 
 
 Loss on assets held for
 sale 
 9,535,593 
 
 9,535,593 
 N/A 
 
 Loss on impairment 
 409,431 
 
 409,431 
 N/A 
 
 Provision
 for bad debt 
 (5,000 
 237,506 
 (242,506 
 100 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 30,376,962 
 14,214,206 
 16,162,756 
 114 
 
 Income (loss) from operations 
 (23,065,234 
 (5,601,263 
 (17,463,971 
 312 
 
 Other expense, net 
 (8,100,598 
 (5,304,509 
 (2,796,089 
 53 
 
 Net loss, before income
 tax provision (benefit) 
 (31,165,832 
 (10,905,772 
 (20,260,060 
 186 
 
 Income tax provision (benefit) 
 13,221 
 
 13,221 
 0 
 
 Net loss 
 (31,179,053 
 (10,905,772 
 (20,273,281 
 186 
 
 Less: Net loss attributable
 to non-controlling interests 
 (36,449 
 
 (36,449 
 100 
 
 Net loss attributable
 to Item 9 Labs Corp. 
 (31,142,604 
 (10,905,772 
 (20,236,832 
 186 

Revenues, net 

The
decrease in revenue was primarily due to a contraction in the market during the summer, paired with increased competition as new market
entries brought additional price competition. As the majority of the Company s revenues are earned in the Arizona market, the market
dynamics take a heavy toll on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Management anticipates revenues to rebound in the
new year as Item 9 Labs branded products have seen more positive revenue trends at the end of the year and into the new year. Additionally,
as the Company stabilizes its additional revenue sources, such as its retail dispensaries and franchise operations, management expects
additional revenue from these sources and become less concentrated in its revenues from a single market. 

Cost
of revenues 

Cost
of revenues consist primarily of labor, materials, supplies and utilities. Costs of revenues as a percentage of revenues was 66 for
the year ended September 30, 2022 compared to 61 for the period ended September 30, 2021. The Company was able to increase operational
efficiency throughout fiscal year 2022. However, the cost of the purchased inventory materials remained high through the first 3 quarters
of the fiscal year, while the pricing pressures with the new market entrants reduced sales prices. Given the business cycles in product
operations, profit margins are slimmed in a demanding market until the margins stabilize, which they appear to have done shortly after
year end. Management will remain focused on reducing costs through bulk purchasing, implementing additional efficiencies in production
and making additional investments in property and equipment. The Company expects costs to reduce as a percentage of sales as there are
indications of such in the new year. 

Gross
Profit 

The
decrease in gross profit was due to the decrease in revenue and prices of purchased inventory materials and other costs remaining high.
With the Company s continued efforts to increase capacity and focus on efficiencies and reducing costs, management expects gross
profit to grow going forward. 

33 

Operating
Expenses 

Professional
fees and outside services decreased primarily due to a decrease in the Company s consulting expenses, such as corporate advisory
services, accounting and finance services and for public relations and equity research. The increase in payroll expenses was primarily
due to 1.) increases in stock based compensation as a result of the amortization of stock options awarded to employees during the fiscal
year 2022 and prior; 2.) increases in bonuses, commissions and board compensation during fiscal year 2022; and 3.) an increase in the
average number of employees and pay increases during the year. Sales and marketing expenses increased due to the continued spending on
marketing and branding initiatives beginning in fiscal year 2021, including spending on promotional items. The increase in depreciation
and amortization is due to the amortization of intangible assets acquired in the OCG Inc. acquisition during fiscal year 2021 and the
depreciation of assets placed into service during fiscal year 2022 at our dispensary locations. Other operating expenses increased primarily
due to expanded operations by the Company and the OCG acquisition during fiscal year 2021. Specifically, facilities expenses increased
related to required security at the dispensary locations and the Nevada facility, increases in insurance expenses and coverages, increases
in travel related expenses due to travel to new dispensary locations and the Sessions pending acquisition. Further, rent expense increased
due to the required payments on the new leases in effect during fiscal year 2022. The increase in the loss on assets held for sale is
due to the Nevada facility and related licenses being adjusted to fair value less costs to sell during fiscal year 2022. The increase
in loss on impairment is due to impairment being recorded on the remaining intangible assets from the AZ DP Holdings, LLC acquisition
that occurred in fiscal year 2019. Finally, the provision for bad debt decreased due to the notes receivable being fully reserved for
at September 30, 2021 and the Company receiving one payment during the year ended September 30, 2022. Total operating expenses as a percentage
of gross profit increased from 164 to 413 for the years compared. Management believes this ratio will decrease going forward as the
expectation is that revenues will continue to grow at a higher rate than operating expenses and there will be a decrease in loss on assets
held for sale and impairment in future years. 

Other Expense, net 

Other
expenses consist primarily of interest expense of 6,414,530 and 5,295,349 for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The increase in interest expense was primarily the result of an increase in amortization of debt discounts, and an increase in overall
interest expense due to an increase in stated interest rates and an additional debt entered into during the year. In addition, during
the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt in the amount of 1,686,386 and nil.
The increase in fiscal year 2022 was due to accounting for certain debt modifications and extinguishments. 

Adjusted
EBITDA 

Management
uses the non-GAAP measurement of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, stock-related compensation expense, acquisition-related
costs, and other adjustments, or Adjusted EBITDA, to evaluate the Company s performance. Adjusted EBITDA
is a non-GAAP measure that is also frequently used by analysts, investors and other interested parties to evaluate the market value of
companies considered to be in similar businesses. The Company suggests that Adjusted EBITDA be viewed in conjunction with its reported
financial results or other financial information prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States,
or GAAP. 

The
following table reflects the reconciliation of net loss to Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021: 

Year
 ended September 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net loss 
 (31,179,053 
 (10,905,772 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 1,606,851 
 1,220,847 
 
 Interest expense 
 6,414,530 
 5,295,349 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 1,686,386 

Loss on assets held for sale 
 9,535,593 

Loss on impairment 
 409,431 

Income tax expense 
 13,221 

Stock-based expense 
 3,695,064 
 2,404,671 
 
 Acquisition related costs 
 537,391 
 273,432 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 (7,280,586 
 (1,711,473 

34 

Financial
Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
Company s primary need for liquidity is to fund working capital requirements of its business, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
debt service, and for general corporate purposes. The Company s primary source of liquidity is funds generated revenues, financing
activities and from private placements. The Company s ability to fund its operations, to make planned capital expenditures, to
make planned acquisitions, to make scheduled debt payments, and to repay or refinance indebtedness depends on its future operating performance
and cash flows, which are subject to prevailing economic conditions and financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond
the Company s control. 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with US GAAP, which contemplates continuation of the
Company as a going concern. The Company has not yet established an ongoing source of revenue sufficient to cover its operating costs
and has incurred net losses since its inception. These losses, with the associated substantial accumulated deficit, are a direct result
of the Company's planned ramp up period as it is pursuing market acceptance and geographic expansion. In view of these matters, realization
of a major portion of the assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets is dependent upon continued operations of the Company
which in turn is dependent upon the Company's ability to meet its financing requirements, and the success of its future operations. The
Company operates in a new, developing industry with a variety of competitors. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's
ability to continue as a going concern. 

In
order to continue as a going concern, the Company will need to generate additional revenue and obtain additional capital to fund its
operating losses and service its debt. Management's plans in regard to these matters are described as follows: 

Sales
and Marketing. Historically, the Company has generated the majority of its revenues by providing its products to dispensaries throughout
the state of Arizona. The Company's revenues have increased significantly since its inception in May 2017. Management will continue its
plans to increase revenues in the Arizona market by providing superior products. Additionally, as capital resources become available,
the Company plans to expand into additional markets outside of Arizona. The Company believes that it will continue reducing the overall costs of revenues and costs of revenues will increase
at a lower rate than revenues in future periods, which will lead to increased profit margins. 

Financing.
To date, the Company has financed its operations primarily with loans from shareholders, private placement financings and sales revenue.
Management believes that with continued production efficiencies, production growth, and continued marketing efforts, sales revenue will
continue to grow, thus enabling the Company to reverse its negative cash flow from operations and raise additional capital as needed.
However, there is no assurance that the Company's overall efforts will be successful. 

If
the Company is unable to generate additional sales growth in the near term and raise additional capital, there is a risk that the Company
could default on additional obligations, and could be required to discontinue or significantly reduce the scope of its operations if
no other means of financing operations are available. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to
the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amount and classification of liabilities or any other adjustment
that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

As
of September 30, 2022, the Company had 85,637 of cash and cash equivalents and negative working capital of 37,032,478) (current assets
minus current liabilities), compared with 1,454,460 of cash and cash equivalents and negative working capital of 4,893,385) as of
September 30, 2021. The decrease of 32,139,093 in the Company s working capital was primarily due decreases in accounts receivable,
inventory and prepaid expenses and other current assets. Further, the decrease in the Company s working capital was due to increases
in accounts payable, accrued interest and accrued expenses, and current portions of debt. The 1,368,823 decrease in cash and cash equivalents
was primarily due the use of cash in operating and investing activities offset by proceeds from the issuance of debt. The Company is
an early-stage growth company. It is generating cash from sales and is investing its capital reserves in current operations and new acquisitions
that are expected to generate additional earnings in the long term. The Company expects that its cash on hand and cash flows from operations,
along with private and/or public financing, will be adequate to meet its capital requirements and operational needs for the next 12 months,
although no assurance can be given that private and/or public financing can be obtained on terms acceptable to the Company, or at all. 

35 

Cash
Flows 

The
following table summarizes the sources and uses of cash for each of the periods presented: 

Year
 ended September 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (2,254,362 
 (5,989,581 
 3,634,070 
 -61 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (5,160,472 
 (3,917,969 
 (1,242,503 
 32 
 
 Net cash provided by financing
 activities 
 6,046,011 
 11,277,333 
 (5,130,173 
 -45 
 
 Net increase (decrease)
 in cash and cash equivalents 
 (1,368,823 
 1,369,783 
 (2,738,606 
 -200 

Operating
Activities 

During
the year ended September 30, 2022, operating activities used 2,254,362 of cash and cash equivalents, primarily resulting from a net
loss of 31,179,053 offset by net cash provided by operating assets and liabilities of 7,862,117, comprised of decreases in accounts
receivable of 862,010 and inventory of 3,942,762 and net increases in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 3,508,996. The net
loss was further offset by non-cash operating expenses of 21,062,574, primarily comprised of depreciation and amortization of fixed
and intangible assets and the right of use asset in the amount of 1922,200, amortization of debt discounts in the amount of 3,808,059,
loss on extinguishment of debt of 1,686,386, stock-based compensation totaling 3,695,064 and losses on assets held for sale and on
impairment in the amounts of 9,535,593 and 409,431, respectively. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2021, operating activities used 5,989,581 of cash and cash equivalents, primarily resulting from a net
loss of 10,905,772 and net cash used by operating assets and liabilities of 2,877,911, comprised of increases in accounts receivable
of 1,085,400 and inventory of 4,244,241, offset by increases in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 2,397,416. These uses of
cash were further offset by non-cash operating expenses of 7,794,102, primarily comprised of depreciation and amortization of fixed
and intangible assets and the right of use asset in the amount of 1,260,665, amortization of debt discounts in the amount of 3,891,260,
stock-based compensation totaling 2,404,671 and the provision for bad debt in the amount of 237,506. 

Investing
Activities 

During
the year ended September 30, 2022, investing activities used 5,160,472 of cash and cash equivalents, consisting primarily of the purchase
of licenses of 1,130,872, deposits on acquisitions of 406,932 and purchases of property, equipment and construction in process of 4,327,468.
These uses of cash were offset by cash received from the construction escrow accounts of 837,717. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2021, investing activities used 3,917,969 of cash and cash equivalents, consisting primarily of deposits
on acquisitions of 1,775,348 and purchases of property, equipment and construction in process of 2,242,217. 

Financing
Activities 

During
the year ended September 30, 2022, financing activities provided 6,046,011 of cash and cash equivalents, which includes cash proceeds
from the sale of common stock of 657,815 and cash proceeds from the issuance of debt of 9,415,919. These proceeds were offset by payments
on existing debt of 3,903,280. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2021, financing activities provided 11,277,333 of cash and cash equivalents, which includes cash proceeds
from the sale of common stock of 13,299,808 and cash proceeds from the issuance of debt of 2,580,000. These proceeds were offset by
payments on existing debt of 4,583,469. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

The
Company is not currently a party to, or otherwise involved with, any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely
to have a current or future material effect on its financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results
of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

36 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP and the Company s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and operating results require the Company s management
to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported in its consolidated financial statements and accompanying
notes. Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements included in this Form 10-K, describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Company s
consolidated financial statements. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions it believes
to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets
and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates, and such differences may be material. 

Management
believes the Company s critical accounting policies and estimates are those related to revenue recognition, valuation of warrants
and debt discounts, carrying value of intangible assets subject to amortization, infinite life intangible assets and goodwill, stock-based
compensation, business combinations and income taxes. Management considers these policies critical because they are both important to
the portrayal of the Company s financial condition and operating results, and they require management to make judgments and estimates
about inherently uncertain matters. The Company s management has reviewed these critical accounting policies and related disclosures
with the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company s revenue is primarily associated with a customer contract that represents an obligation to provide cannabis products that
are delivered at a single point in time. Any costs incurred prior to the period in which the products are delivered are recorded to inventory
and recognized as cost of revenues in the period in which the performance obligations are completed. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

The
Company calculates the cost of awards of equity instruments based on the grant date fair value of the awards using the Black-Scholes-Merton
option pricing valuation model, which incorporates various assumptions including volatility, expected term and risk-free interest rates. 

The
expected term of the options is the estimated period of time until exercise and was determined using the SEC s safe harbor rules,
using an average of vesting and contractual terms, as the Company did not have sufficient historical experience of similar awards. Expected
stock price volatility is based on historical volatility of the Company s stock since March 20, 2018, the day of the merger between
BSSD Group LLC and Airware Labs Corp. The risk-free interest rate is based on the implied yield available on United States Treasury zero-coupon
issues with an equivalent remaining term. The estimated fair value of stock-based compensation awards is amortized on a straight-line
basis over the relevant vesting period and forfeitures at the time the occur. 

Impairment
of Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 

In
accordance with ASC Topic 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other, the Company performs goodwill and indefinite life intangible asset
impairment testing at least annually during the fourth quarter, unless indicators of impairment exist in interim periods. The Company s
test of goodwill impairment included assessing qualitative factors and the use of judgment in evaluating economic conditions, industry
and market conditions, cost factors, and entity-specific events, as well as overall financial performance. The impairment test for goodwill
compares the estimated fair value of a reporting unit with goodwill to its carrying value. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit s
goodwill exceeds the fair value of its goodwill, the Company recognizes an impairment loss equal to the excess, not to exceed the total
amount of recorded goodwill. 

The
Company also review the recoverability of its net intangible assets with finite lives when an indicator of impairment exists. Based on
the Company s qualitative analysis of impairment indicators and estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from
the use of these net intangibles with finite lives, if needed, the Company determines if it will recover their carrying values as of
the test date. If not recoverable, the Company records an impairment charge. 

The
Company performed its most recent goodwill impairment analysis in the third quarter of 2022, utilizing an income approach with no impairment
recorded. The Company believes that the discounted cash flow method best captures the significant value-creating activities it is undertaking.
The primary assumptions in its income approach included estimating cash flows and projections. The Company determined that the fair value
of its goodwill exceeded our carrying value, and consequently, no impairment was deemed to have occurred. However, a prolonged period
of declining gross margins or a significant decrease in its anticipated revenue growth could result in the write-off of a portion or
all of its goodwill and other intangible assets in future periods. 

37 

Business
Combinations 

The
Company accounts for acquisitions in accordance with ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations. In purchase accounting, consideration paid,
identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recognized at their estimated fair values at the acquisition date, and any remaining
purchase price is recorded as goodwill. In determining the fair values of the consideration paid, assets acquired and liabilities assumed,
the Company makes significant estimates and assumptions, particularly with respect to equity paid in the acquisition, and long-lived
tangible and intangible assets. Critical estimates used in valuing tangible and intangible assets include, but are not limited to, future
expected cash flows, discount rates, market prices and asset lives. Critical assumptions used in valuing the equity paid includes, but
is not limited to, the stock price of the Company s stock on the date of acquisition and assumptions used in valuing the warrants
paid, such as the stock price volatility, risk free interest rate and expected term. The Company s consolidated financial statements
include the results of operations of the acquired company from the date of the acquisition. 

The
Company expenses all acquisition-related costs as incurred in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements
of operations. 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company uses significant judgment in determining the provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and any valuation
allowance recorded against net deferred tax assets. In preparing its financial statements, the Company is required to estimate income
taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which it operates. This process involves estimating the actual current tax liability together with
assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items, such as depreciation and amortization of property and equipment,
benefits of net operating loss tax carryforwards. These differences result in deferred tax assets, which include tax loss carryforwards,
and liabilities. The Company then assesses the likelihood that deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income, and
to the extent that recovery is not likely or there is insufficient operating history, it establishes a valuation allowance. In evaluating
its ability to recover its deferred tax assets within the jurisdiction from which they arise, the Company considers all available positive
and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies,
and results of recent operations. In projecting future taxable income, the Company begins with historical results and incorporate assumptions
about the amount of future state and federal pretax operating income adjusted for items that do not have tax consequences. The assumptions
about future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates the Company is using to manage
the underlying business. To the extent the Company establishes or changes a valuation allowance in a period, it includes an adjustment
within the tax provision of its statements of operations. 

Deferred
tax assets reflect current statutory income tax rates in effect for the period in which the deferred tax assets are expected to be realized.
As changes in tax laws or statutory tax rates are enacted, deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision of
income taxes. 

The
calculation of the Company s tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations
in a multitude of jurisdictions across its global operations. A tax benefit from an uncertain tax position may be recognized when it
is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation
processes, on the basis of the technical merits. The Company (1) records unrecognized tax benefits as liabilities in accordance with
ASC 740 and (2) adjusts these liabilities when their judgment changes as a result of the evaluation of new information not previously
available. Because of the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially
different from its current estimate of the unrecognized tax benefit liabilities. These differences will be reflected as increases or
decreases to income tax expense in the period in which new information is available. 

Warrants,
Common Stock and Debt Discounts 

The
Company bifurcates the value of warrants and common stock issued with debt. This bifurcation results in the establishment of a debt discount,
based on the relative fair values of the warrants, common stock and debt, with a corresponding charge to equity unless the terms of the
warrant require it to be classified as a liability. The warrants are initially valued using the Black-Scholes valuation model. This model
uses estimates of volatility, risk free interest rate and the expected term of the warrants, along with the current market price of the
Company s stock, to estimate the value of the outstanding warrants. The Company estimates the expected term using an average of
the contractual term and vesting period of the award. The expected volatility is measured using the average historical daily changes
in the market price of the Company s common stock over the expected term of the award and the risk-free interest rate is equivalent
to the implied yield on zero-coupon U.S. Treasury bonds with a remaining maturity equal to the expected term of the awards. The establishment
of a debt discount on convertible debt recorded at the relative fair values may result in a beneficial conversion feature based on an
effective conversion price. This beneficial conversion feature is recorded as an additional debt discount. The total debt discount is
limited by the total proceeds received and is amortized over the term of the debt. 

38 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

See
Note 1 to the Company s financial statements, included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

Seasonality 

The
Company does not expect its sales to be impacted by seasonal demands for its products and services. Also, due to the fact the Company
uses indoor grow space, seasonality should not have any impact on its cultivation operations. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

The
Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required to provide the information required
under this item. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Reference
is made to the Company s consolidated financial statements beginning on page F-1 of this report. 

Item
9. Changes In And Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

a)
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The
Company conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), means controls and other
procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the company in the reports it files
or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities
and Exchange Commission's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures also include, without limitation, controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange
Act is accumulated and communicated to the company's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers,
or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation,
the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers concluded as of September 30, 2022 that its disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level due to the material weaknesses in its internal control over financial
reporting discussed below. 

(b)
Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 

The
Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined
in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company s internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, its CEO and CFO, or persons performing similar functions, and effected
by its Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America (GAAP). The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and disposition of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in
accordance with authorization of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements. 

39 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2022. In making
this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in the
2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework . Based on its evaluation, management has concluded that the Company s
internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of September 30, 2022. 

Material
Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

A
material weakness, as defined in the standards established by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ),
is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. 

The
ineffectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting was due to the following material weaknesses which are
indicative of many small companies with small number of staff: 

lack
 of properly controlled segregation of duties; 

lack
 of risk assessment procedures on internal control to detect financial reporting risks in a timely manner; and 

lack
 of documentation on policies and procedures that are critical to the accomplishment of financial reporting objectives. 

Management s
Plan to Remediate the Material Weakness 

Management
plans to implement measures designed to ensure that control deficiencies contributing to the material weakness are remediated, such that
these controls are designed, implemented, and operating effectively. The remediation actions planned include development of policies
and procedures on internal control over financial reporting and monitor the effectiveness of operation on existing controls and procedures. 

The
Company s management will continue to monitor and evaluate the relevance of its risk-based approach and the effectiveness of its
internal controls and procedures over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and is committed to taking further action and implementing
additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. 

Pursuant
to Regulation S-K Item 308(b), this Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. A control system, no matter how well designed
and operated can provide only reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The
design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered
relative to their cost. 

c)
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During
the three months ended September 30, 2022, there were no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting during
this fiscal quarter that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to have a materially affect, on its internal control over financial
reporting. 

ITEM
9B. Other Information. 

There
were no disclosures of any information required to be filed on Form 8-K during the three months ended September 30, 2022 that were not
filed. 

40 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Officers, and Corporate Governance. 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding the Company s current executive officers and directors as of January 13,
2023: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Michael
 Weinberger 
 45 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 
 
 Bobby
 Mikkelsen 
 41 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 Chris
 Wolven 
 40 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 
 
 Douglas
 Bowden 
 63 
 Chairman
 of the Board 
 
 Lawrence
 Taylor 
 58 
 Director 
 
 Dr.
 Eric Kutscher 
 47 
 Director 
 
 Ms.
 Shane Evans 
 52 
 Director 
 
 Jeffrey
 Rassas 
 60 
 Director 

The
Company s directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of its shareholders
or until removed from office in accordance with its bylaws. The Company s officers are appointed by its board of directors and
hold office until removed by the board. All officers and directors listed above will remain in office until the next annual meeting of
its stockholders, and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. There are no agreements with respect to the election
of Directors. The Company s board of directors appoints officers annually and each executive officer serves at the discretion of
its board of directors. 

None
of the directors held any directorships during the past five years in any company with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section
12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of such act, or of any company registered as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Director
and Officer Biographical Information 

Michael
Weinberger Chief Executive Officer, Director 

On
May 5, 2021, the Board appointed Mr. Michael Weinberger as a member of the Company s Board of Directors and as the Chief Franchise
Officer of Item 9 Labs Corp. On November 23, 2022, Mr. Weinberger was appointed as the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Previously
as Chief Franchise Officer, Weinberger lead all franchise-related growth areas of Unity Rd., while overseeing day-to-day
operations of the franchise. His years of professional experience in franchising have brought focus on the cannabis space since 2018. 
Previously, he was the CEO of Maui Wowi, a global coffee and smoothie franchise with more than 500 units and led its sale to Kahala Brands.
Upon acquisition, his role shifted to Brand President and VP of Franchise Development, overseeing Kahala Brands nontraditional
portfolio and growth strategies. 

Robert
E. Mikkelsen -- Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer 

On
October 15, 2018, Mr. Robert E. Mikkelsen was appointed as the Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, and Treasurer of the Company. Mr.
Mikkelsen received his bachelor s degree in accounting in 2004 from the Eller College of Business, University of Arizona. After
graduating, Mr. Mikkelsen went on to work as an auditor for Henry & Horne, LLP in Arizona. Mr. Mikkelsen has worked with a client
base that is diverse in both size and industry, working with small non-profits, large government agencies and medium-sized business,
including those in the health care, mental health and pharmaceutical industries. After 11 years at Henry & Horne, in January 2016
Mr. Mikkelsen started his own firm which focused on serving clients in various industries with accounting, tax and financial solutions.
After serving Item 9 Labs as a contractor for a year, Mikkelsen accepted a full-time position with the Company in October 2018. 

Christopher
Wolven -- Chief Operating Officer 

On
January 1, 2019, Mr. Christopher Wolven was appointed as the Company s Chief Operating Officer. As Chief Operating Officer (COO)
of Item 9 Labs Corp., Mr. Wolven provides the leadership, management and vision necessary to ensure that the Company has the proper operational
controls, administrative and reporting procedures, people and systems in place to effectively grow the organization and ensure financial
strength and operating efficiency. Mr. Wolven is an experienced restaurant industry expert, including as a Regional Brand Chef
with Fox Restaurant Concepts. At Fox Restaurant Concepts he was responsible for operations and food development for seven of the Company s
15 brands, spanning ten locations with over 1,000 employees. He oversaw creative development, financial planning, and operational wellbeing
as well as the building and implementation of systems. .Mr. Wolven participated in many restaurant openings across a number of states. 

41 

Douglas
Bowden Chairman of the Board 

On
February 4, 2020, the Board appointed Mr. Doug Bowden as a member of the Company s Board of Directors. On July 31, 2020, the Board
appointed Mr. Doug Bowden as the Co-Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors and he became the Chairman on July 31, 2020. Mr.
Bowden started his career in the electronics industry, working in a successful family-run business that he purchased with his brother
and ran for nearly 20 years, focused on signal processing and monitoring providing hardware and software for broadcasters during
the high-definition TV revolution. Bowden sold his business in 2009, and in 2013 Mr. Bowden and his son started Viridis
Group, a real estate company centered on buying and remodeling luxury condos in Colorado and Arizona. Viridis Group has recently adopted
the name Bowden Investment Group. As such, Mr. Bowden brings extensive experience with multitier investment strategies in real estate,
software, and sustainable investments. Mr. Bowden attended the University of South Dakota where he studied business. 

Lawrence
Taylor Independent Director 

On
December 14, 2021, the Board appointed Mr. Lawrence Taylor as a member of the Company s Board of Directors. Mr. Taylor brings a
diverse perspective to the boardroom combining deep financial expertise, strategy, and governance to deliver thoughtful questions and
insights that help drive informed decisions. As a C-level executive, advisor, and board member with more than 30 years of business experience,
he has guided organizations through complex restructurings, acquisitions, corporate development activities and capital transactions totaling
over 15 billion. Since 2004, Mr. Taylor has served as President of Taylor Strategy Group, a business consulting practice he owns and
operates. From 2018 to present, Mr. Taylor has served on the board of Barrie House Coffee and from 2014 to present he has served on the
board of CLP Holdings III, LLC. At Barrie House Coffee, he chairs the M&A committee and serves on the Strategic Planning Committee.
Previously, he served on the boards and committees (M&A, Strategic Planning, Restructuring, Finance and Compensation) of multiple
companies. He has also served as a Board Member and Treasurer on the Finance and Compensation Committees for Sojourner Center and from
2013 to 2015 as a Board Member and Treasurer for E Tabs Manufacturing. From 2004 to 2013, Mr. Taylor was a Partner and Managing Director
with Odyssey Capital Group, a Phoenix based business. Mr. Taylor holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Finance from Louisiana Tech University. 

Dr.
Eric Kutscher Independent Director 

On
December 14, 2021, the Board appointed Dr. Eric Kutscher as a member of the Company s Board of Directors. Dr. Kutscher has over
25 years of experience leading high performing teams and being a thought leader in the delivery of patient centered healthcare, research,
academia, and leadership. Dr. Kutscher started his career in academic psychiatry and pharmacology where he progressed through the promotion
and tenure process to become a full clinical professor at three different universities. In 2013, Dr. Kutscher retired from his academic
role to pursue healthcare executive opportunities and consulting. From 2004 to present, Dr. Kutscher has been founder and principal of
a consulting company where he has consulted with well-known companies such as SpotRx/MedAvail, MeMD, UAMC, UArizona/SinfroniaRx, TribalEM/Tribal
Health, San Carlos Apache Healthcare, Pill Nurse, Walgreens, Connections Health Solutions, and various legal firms. From 2019 to present,
Dr. Kutscher has been the Senior Director for Clinical Operations and Pharmacy Services for Arizona Oncology Associates, the largest
privately held Oncology practice in the state of Arizona, where he was hired to provide change leadership. From 2015-2017, Dr. Kutscher
was Chief Clinical Officer and Vice President of Operations at San Carlos Apache Healthcare corporation. 

Dr.
Kutscher received his Pharmacy Doctorate (PharmD) from the University of Iowa and completed his Psychopharmacology residency at The University
of Missouri Kansas City and Western Missouri Mental Health Center where he was the chief resident. Dr. Kutscher received his
MBA focused on Entrepreneurial Leadership from the University of Sioux Falls and completed an Advanced Executive Leadership Certificate
Program at the University of Arizona. 

Ms.
Shane Evans Independent Director 

Ms.
Evans brings a diverse perspective to the boardroom combining her involvement in the health and wellness industry with her entrepreneurship,
strategic growth, and franchising history to deliver thoughtful questions and insights that help drive informed decisions. As a C-level
executive, founder, and entrepreneur with more than 20 years of business experience, she spearheaded the growth of Massage Heights from
infancy to more than 120 retreats throughout North America. Ms. Evans is also the Co-owner of several Massage Heights retail locations;
Co-owner of the supply chain, Summit Franchise Supply, LLC; Co-owner of The Gents Place, an ultra-premium men's grooming franchise brand;
and is on the Board of Directors of the Massage Heights Family Fund, a 501c3 crisis fund for team members in need. She has also been
a dedicated member of the Young Presidents Organization (YPO) alongside Bowden since 2015, serves on the International Franchise Association s
(IFA) Franchise Relations Committee and is an active member of the Franchisor Forum. 

42 

Jeffrey
Rass s -- Director 

On
November 15, 2019, Mr. Jeffrey Rass s was appointed as the Company s Chief Strategy Officer. On March 20, 2012, Jeffrey
Rass s was appointed as a member of the Company s Board of Directors. Mr. Rass s served as Chief Strategy Officer
of Item 9 Labs Corp., from April 2018 until June 1, 2022. Mr. Rass s was charged with guiding the Company s strategic growth
and advising the CEO and management team. Mr. Rass s is a twenty-year veteran of entrepreneurial ventures and business management.
 Mr. Rass s has served as CEO, President and Chairman of the Board of Airware Labs Corp, CEO and Chairman of the Board of
YouChange Holdings Corp, a publicly traded company on the OTCQB and CEO of Global Alerts, a holding company for Earth911.com, Amberalert.com
and Pets911.com, which later merged with YouChange Holdings Corp and acquired Quest Recycling to form Quest Resource Holdings Corporation
now trading on NASDAQ under the ticker symbol, QRHC. Prior to these executive-level posts, Mr. Rass s was Co-Chairman and CEO
of ImproveNet, Inc., which he acquired through a merger in 2002, and later sold to IAC/InterActiveCorp. ImproveNet won Best of
Web by Money Magazine. In addition, Mr. Rass s served as founder, CEO, and Chairman of the Board of EBIZ Enterprises, a
publicly traded Linux solutions provider. 

Identification
of Significant Employees 

The
Company has no significant employees other than their officers and directors. 

Family
Relationship 

Douglas
Bowden (Chairman) is the father of Andrew Bowden (former Chief Executive Officer, former President, and former Director). Christopher
Wolven (Chief Operating Officer) is the son-in-law of Jeffrey Rass s (former Chief Strategy Officer and Director). Other than
the foregoing, there are no family relationships between the Company s directors and executive officers. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
the best of their knowledge, none of their directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

(1)
had a petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar
officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at
or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer at
or within two years before the time of such filing; 

(2)
has been convicted in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and
other minor offenses); 

(3)
has been the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
permanently or temporarily enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 

(i)
Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage
transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing,
or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment
company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection
with such activity; 

(ii)
Engaging in any type of business practice; or 

(iii)
Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of
Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 

(4)
has been the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority
barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in (3)(i)
above, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

(5)
has been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities
law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

(6)
has been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been
subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 

43 

(7)
has been the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

(i)
Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

(ii)
Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent
injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or
prohibition order; or 

(iii)
Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

(8)
has been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory
organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section
1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has
disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Board
Committees 

The
Board has three standing committees to facilitate and assist the Board in the execution of its responsibilities. The committees are currently
the Audit Committee, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and the Compensation Committee. The Committees were formed in
June 2019. The Audit and Compensation Committees are comprised of two non-employee, independent directors and the audit committee has
one additional non-independent director. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has two independent directors. The discussion
below describes current membership for each of the standing Board committees. 

Audit
 Committee 
 
 Compensation
 Committee 
 
 Nominations
 and Governance 
 
 Lawrence
 Taylor (Chairman) 
 
 Lawrence
 Taylor (Chairman) 
 
 Dr.
 Eric Kutscher (Chairman) 
 
 Dr.
 Eric Kutscher 
 
 Dr.
 Eric Kutscher 
 
 Lawrence
 Taylor 
 
 Doug
 Bowden 
 
 Shane
 Evans 

Audit
Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 

On
June 21, 2019, the Company established an audit committee and adopted its audit committee charter, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit
99.1 to the Company s Form 10 filed with the SEC on June 27, 2019, and is incorporated by reference herein. 

The current members of
the Board s Audit Committee are Lawrence Taylor, Dr. Eric Kutscher and Doug Bowden, all of whom the Company
believes have sufficient financial expertise for overseeing financial reporting responsibilities. Mr. Taylor serves as the
Company s Audit Committee Chairman and is deemed as a financial expert (as defined in Item 407 of Regulation S-K). 

The
Company s audit committee should consist of two independent members of the board of directors. The audit committee s duties
include, but are not limited to, recommending to the Company s board of directors the engagement of an independent registered public
accounting firm to audit the Company s financial statements and to review the Company s accounting and auditing principles.
The audit committee reviews the scope, timing and fees for the annual audit and the results of audit examinations performed by the internal
auditors and independent registered public accounting firm, including their recommendations to improve the system of accounting and internal
controls. The audit committee will at all times be composed exclusively of directors who are, in the opinion of the Company s board
of directors, free from any relationship which would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment as a committee member and who
possess an understanding of financial statements and generally accepted accounting principles. 

Compensation
Committee 

On
June 21, 2019, the Company's Board of Directors established a compensation committee of the Board of Directors and adopted a Compensation
Committee Charter. The Compensation Committee is made up of two members, both of which are independent members of the Board of Directors,
and each of whom will serve for a term of one year. The purpose of the Committee is to assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities
related to the Company's compensation structure and compensation, including equity compensation, if any, paid by the Company. 

44 

Nominations
and Governance Committee 

The
Company s Board of Directors established a nominations and governance committee and adopted its nominations and governance committee
charter. The Nominations and Governance Committee is currently made up of two members, both of which are independent members of the Board
of Directors. Each member will serve for a term of one year. 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company s board of directors adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics (the Code on June 21, 2019, which applies to its
officers, directors and employees, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The purpose of the Code is to deter
wrongdoing and to promote: 

honest
 and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional
 relationships; 

full,
 fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with, or submits to, the Securities
 and Exchange Commission SEC or OTCMarkets, and in other public communications made by the Company; 

compliance
 with applicable laws and governmental rules and regulations; 

the
 prompt internal reporting of violations of the Code to an appropriate person or persons identified in the Code; and 

accountability
 for adherence to the Code. 

A
copy of the Code has been filed previously as Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Form 10 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

Compensation
of Officers Summary Compensation Table 

The
following tables set forth certain information about compensation paid, earned or accrued for services by the Company s executive
officers in the fiscal years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021. 

A
summary of cash and other compensation paid in accordance with management consulting contracts for the Company s executives and
directors for the most recent two years is as follows: 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Title 
 Year 
 Salary( 
 Bonus( 
 Stock
 Award ) 
 Option
 Awards )(7) 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified
 Deferred Compensation Earnings( 
 All
 Other Compensation (8)( 
 Total( 
 
 Andrew Bowden (1) 
 Former CEO and
 Former 
 2021 
 226,442 

490,028 

5,844 
 722,314 

Director 
 2022 
 325,000 

101,592 

19,680 
 446,272 
 
 Robert Mikkelsen (2) 
 CFO, Secretary and 
 2021 
 180,769 

294,017 

7,941 
 482,727 

Treasurer 
 2022 
 250,000 

101,592 

13,682 
 365,274 
 
 Bryce Skalla (3) 
 Former President and Former 
 2021 
 212,795 

17,532 
 230,327 

Director 
 2022 
 166,667 

13,022 
 179,689 
 
 Jeffrey Rassas (4) 
 Director and Former 
 2021 
 199,808 

294,017 

493,825 

CSO 
 2022 
 118,192 

118,192 
 
 Chris Wolven (5) 
 COO 
 2021 
 192,308 

294,017 

5,737 
 492,062 

2022 
 250,000 

101,592 

6,449 
 358,041 
 
 Michael Weinberger (6) 
 CEO and Former Chief 
 2021 
 118,846 

294,017 

17,263 
 430,126 

Franchise Officer 
 2022 
 225,000 

101,592 

19,680 
 346,272 

Notes to Summary
Compensation Table: 

(1) Mr.
Bowden served as a director and CEO from September 11, 2018 and November 18, 2019, respectively, until November 23, 2022. Mr.
Bowden received a salary of 325,000 for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. Mr. Bowden received an option award of 200,000 and
353,627 options during fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 2022 options vest 50 annually and carry an exercise price of 0.54.
The 2021 options vest one-third each year and have an exercise price of 1.44. 

45 

(2) Mr.
Mikkelsen has been the CFO since October 15, 2018. Mr. Mikkelsen received a salary of 250,000 for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively.
 Mr. Mikkelsen received an option award 200,000 and 212,176 options during fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 2022 options
vest 50 annually and carry an exercise price of 0.54. The 2021 options vest one-third each year and have an exercise price of 1.44. 

 (3) Mr.
Skalla had been a director since March 20, 2018, and President since November 26, 2018. Mr. Skalla resigned as President and
from the board June 11, 2021. Mr. Skalla received a salary of 187,000 for fiscal year 2021. Pursuant to the Separation Agreement,
the Company agreed to continue to pay Mr. Skalla an aggregate 250,000 in equal monthly installments over the twelve-month period following
June 11, 2021. All outstanding and unvested options held by Mr. Skalla as of the date of the Separation Agreement vested as
of June 11, 2021, and all options that are outstanding and vested (including the options that vested as of June 11, 2021) will remain
exercisable in accordance with their respective terms until the expiration date stated in the applicable options documents. 

 (4) Mr.
Rassas has been a director since March 20, 2012, and was our CSO from November 15, 2019 until his resignation on June 1, 2022. Mr.
Rassas received a salary of 225,000 for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. Mr. Rassas received an option award of
0 and 212,176 options during fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 2021 options vest one-third each year and have an exercise
price of 1.44. On June 1, 2022, Mr. Rassas resigned as the Chief Strategy Officer. Pursuant to Mr. Rassas Severance
Agreement, the Company will pay Mr. Rassas 34,500 in substantially equal installments in accordance with the Company s regularly
payroll schedule until December 1, 2022. Mr. Rassas remains on the Company s board of directors and will continue working with
the Company in a consulting role. Pursuant to Mr. Rassas Consulting Agreement, the Company will pay Mr. Rassas 34,500 under substantially
the same terms as Mr. Rassas Severance Agreement. 

 (5) Mr.
Wolven has been COO since January 1, 2019. Mr. Wolven received a salary of 250,000 for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Mr. Wolven received an option award of 200,000 and 212,176 options during fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 2022 options
vest 50 annually and carry an exercise price of 0.54. The 2021 options vest one-third each year and have an exercise price of 1.44. 

 (6) Mr.
Weinberger has been a director since May 5, 2021 . Further, Mr. Weinberger served as the Company s Chief Franchise
Officer until being appointed the Company s Chief Executive Officer on November 23, 2022. Mr. Weinberger received a salary of 225,000
for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. Mr. Weinberger received an option award of 200,000 and 212,176 options during
fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 2022 options vest 50 annually and carry an exercise price of 0.54. The 2021 options vest
one-third each year and have an exercise price of 1.44. On November 23, 2022, the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement Agreement with Michael Weinberger to serve as the Company s Chief Executive Officer. The Agreement is for a period
of two years and contains provisions customary with similar agreements including a six month severance and non-competition period upon
a termination without cause. Compensation under the Agreement provides for an annual salary of 300,000, signing bonus of 300,000 fully
vested stock options with an exercise price of 0.25 per share and cashless exercise feature, a 150,000 cash bonus payable with 90 days
so long as the Company completes its acquisition of Sessions Cannabis, and a transaction bonus in the event that the Company closes a
transaction in which there is a Change of Control. 

 (7) The
amounts in this column reflect the value of the stock options awards on the grant date to the named executive, calculated in accordance
with ASC Topic 718. Stock options were valued using the Black-Scholes model. The grant-date fair value does not necessarily
reflect the value of shares which may be received in the future with respect to these awards. The fair value of the stock options will
likely vary from the actual value the holder receives because the actual value depends on the number of options exercised and the market
price of the Company s common stock on the date of exercise. For a discussion of the assumptions made in the valuation of the stock
options see Note 12, Stockholders Equity, included in the Company s consolidated financial statements, which are included
in the Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 (8) The
amounts shown include Company-paid portions of health insurance. 

 Consulting
Agreements, Employment Agreements and Other Arrangements 

As
of January 13, 2023, the Company has the following employment agreements that provide for payment(s) to named executive officers. 

Michael
Weinberger Chief Executive Officer 

- On
November 23, 2022, the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement Agreement with Michael Weinberger to serve
as the Company s Chief Executive Officer. The Agreement is for a period of two years and contains provisions customary with similar
agreements including a six month severance and non-competition period upon a termination without cause. Compensation under the Agreement
provides for an annual Salary of 300,000, signing bonus of 300,000 fully vested stock options with an exercise price of 0.25 per share
and cashless exercise feature, a 150,000 cash bonus payable with 90 days so long as the Company completes its acquisition of Sessions
Cannabis, and a transaction bonus in the event that the Company closes a transaction in which there is a Change of Control. 

Robert
E. Mikkelsen -- Chief Financial Officer 

- On
November 29, 2022, the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement Agreement with Robert Mikkelsen to serve
as the Company s Chief Financial Officer. The Agreement is for a period of two years and contains provisions customary with similar
agreements including a six month severance and non-competition period upon a termination without cause. Compensation under the Agreement
provides for an annual Salary of 225,000, and a transaction bonus in the event that the Company closes a transaction in which there
is a Change of Control. 

46 

Andrew
Bowden former Chief Executive Officer 

- On
November 23, 2022, the Company entered into a Separation Agreement and General Release Agreement with Andrew Bowden the
Company s form Chief Executive Officer. The Agreement provides for nine equal monthly payments of 27,083.33, payment of Mr. Bowden s
previously unreimbursed credit card expenses and Mr. Bowden s attorney s fees. Further, Mr. Bowden received 200,000 options
to purchase the Company s common stock. These options vest over a two year period and have a term of five years. The Agreement
contains provisions customary with similar agreements including a six month non-competition period. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
table below summarizes the outstanding equity awards to the Company s executive officers as of September 30, 2022. 

OPTION
 AWARDS 

Number of Common
 Shares Underlying Unexercised Options 
 Number of Common
 Shares Underlying Unexercised Options 
 Equity Incentive
 Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised 
 Option Exercise 
 Option 

(#) 
 (#) 
 Unearned 
 Price 
 Expiration 
 
 Name 
 Excercisable 
 Unexercisable 
 Options
 (#) 
 ) 
 Date 
 
 Andrew Bowden 
 500,000 

0.87 
 7/15/2030 

117,876 
 235,751 
 
 1.44 
 9/22/2031 

200,000 
 
 0.54 
 8/30/2032 
 
 Total 
 617,876 
 435,751 

Robert Mikkelsen 
 500,000 

0.87 
 7/15/2030 

70,726 
 141,450 
 
 1.44 
 9/22/2031 

200,000 
 
 0.54 
 8/30/2032 
 
 Total 
 570,726 
 591,450 

Bryce Skalla 
 7,500 

2.40 
 5/28/2028 

500,000 

0.87 
 7/15/2030 
 
 Total 
 507,500 

Jeffrey Rassas 
 50,000 

6.00 
 1/25/2023 

16,667 

2.20 
 10/4/2023 

16,667 

5.00 
 9/5/2024 

16,666 

3.00 
 3/8/2026 

7,500 

2.40 
 5/28/2028 

500,000 

0.87 
 7/15/2030 

70,726 
 141,450 
 
 1.44 
 9/22/2031 
 
 Total 
 678,226 
 141,450 

Chris Wolven 
 500,000 

0.87 
 7/15/2030 

70,726 
 141,450 
 
 1.44 
 9/22/2031 

200,000 
 
 0.54 
 8/30/2032 
 
 Total 
 570,726 
 341,450 

Michael Weinberger 
 70,726 
 141,450 
 
 1.44 
 9/22/2031 

200,000 
 
 0.54 
 8/30/2032 
 
 Total 
 70,726 
 341,450 

There
are 8,594,805 total options outstanding as of September 30, 2022 

47 

Stock
Option Plan and other Employee Benefits Plans 

On
June 21, 2019, the Company s board and shareholders voted to approve the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan ).
Pursuant to the 2019 Plan, the maximum aggregate number of Shares available under the Plan through awards is the lesser of: (i) 6,000,000
shares, increased each anniversary date of the adoption of the plan by 2 percent of the then-outstanding shares, or (b) 10,000,000 shares.
The Company has 2,752,985 shares available for issuance under the 2019 Plan as of September 30, 2022. 

Compensation
of Directors 

Independent
 Director Compensation 

Fees earned or paid in 
 Stock 
 Option 
 Non-equity incentive plan 
 Nonqualified deferred compensation 
 All other 

cash 
 awards 
 awards 
 compensation 
 earnings 
 compensation 
 Total 
 
 Name 
 ) 
 ) 
 )(a) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Lawrence Taylor 
 43,500 
 Nil 
 95,849 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 139,349 
 
 Dr. Eric Kutscher 
 33,750 
 Nil 
 90,805 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 124,555 
 
 Shane Evans 
 22,167 
 Nil 
 74,684 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 96,851 

(a) The amounts in this column reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of
sock awards granted to our independent directors during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, calculated in accordance with FASB ASC
Topic 718, Stock Compensation . The valuation assumptions used in determining such amounts are described in the footnotes to our
consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K. The amounts reported
in this column do not correspond to the actual economic value that may be received by our independent directors from their option awards. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Related Shareholder Matters. 

The
following tables set forth, as of January 13, 2023 certain information concerning the beneficial ownership of the Company s capital
stock by: 

each
 stockholder known by the Company to own beneficially 5 or more of any class of its outstanding stock; 

each
 director; 

each
 named executive officer; 

all
 of the Company s executive officers and directors as a group; and 

each
 person, or group of affiliated persons, who is known by the Company to beneficially own more than 5 of any class of its outstanding
 stock. 

As
of September 30, 2022, the Company had authorized 2,000,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001, of which there were 97,650,509
shares of common stock outstanding. As of January 13, 2023, the authorized stock remained the same and there were 100,002,264 shares of
common stock outstanding. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect
to the Company s common stock. Shares of the Company s common stock subject to options that are currently exercisable or
exercisable within 60 days of January 13, 2023 are considered outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding the options for
the purpose of calculating the percentage ownership of that person but not for the purpose of calculating the percentage ownership of
any other person. Except as otherwise noted, the Company believe the persons and entities in this table have sole voting and investing
power with respect to all of the shares of its common stock beneficially owned by them, subject to community property laws, where applicable. 

48 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Directors and Officers 

Amount and
 Nature of 
 Percentage
 of Beneficial 
 
 Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Beneficial
 Ownership 
 Ownership
 (1) 
 
 Directors and Officers: 

Andrew Bowden (2)(12) 
 22,516,207 
 21.3 
 
 Robert Mikkelsen (3) 
 572,601 
 0.6 
 
 Jeffrey Rassas (4) 
 2,034,959 
 2.0 
 
 Christopher Wolven (5) 
 809,186 
 0.8 
 
 Douglas Bowden (6) 
 21,892,092 
 20.8 
 
 Michael Weinberger (7) 
 5,567,850 
 5.5 
 
 Lawrence Taylor (11) 
 125,097 
 0.1 
 
 Dr. Eric Kutscher (8) 
 139,419 
 0.1 
 
 Shane Evans 
 
 0.0 
 
 All director and officers
 as a group (9 people) 
 31,964,080 
 29.5 

Beneficial Shareholders
 greater than 5 

Stockbridge Enterprises LP (9) 
 10,613,949 
 10.6 
 
 7377 E Doubletree Ranch Rd, Suite 200 

Scottsdale, AZ 85258 

Sean Dugan (10) 
 6,144,712 
 6.1 

1)
Applicable percentage of ownership is based on 100,002,264 shares of common stock outstanding on January 13, 2023. Percentage ownership
is determined based on shares owned together with securities exercisable or convertible into shares of common stock within 60 days of
January 13, 2023, for each stockholder. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes
voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock subject to securities exercisable or convertible into shares
of common stock that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of January 13, 2023, are deemed to be beneficially owned
by the person holding such securities for the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of such person but are not treated as
outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The Company s common stock is its only issued
and outstanding class of securities eligible to vote. Unless otherwise stated, all shareholders can be reached at mailing address 2727
North 3 rd Street, Suite 201 Phoenix, Arizona 85004. 

 (2)
Mr. Bowden s beneficial ownership consists of 205,000 shares of common stock held by EBAB, LLC, which is controlled by Mr. Bowden,
817,876 of shares issuable upon exercise of vested stock options, 5,000,000 shares of commons stock, 11,400,000 shares of common stock
issuable upon the exercise of warrants and 5,293,331 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of debt and accrued interest owned
by Viridis Group I9 Capital LLC aka Bowden Investment Group, an entity controlled by Mr. Bowden. 

 (3)
Mr. Mikkelsen s beneficial ownership includes 1,250 shares of common stock, 625 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise
of warrants and 570,726 of shares issuable upon exercise of vested stock options. 

 (4)
Mr. Rassas beneficial ownership includes 5,000 shares of common stock, 1,351,733 shares of which are held by Hayjour Family Limited
Partnership, an entity controlled by Mr. Rassas and 678,226 shares issuable upon the exercise of vested stock options. 

 (5)
Mr. Wolven s beneficial ownership consists of 238,460 shares of common stock and 570,726 of shares issuable upon exercise of vested
stock options. 

 (6)
Mr. Bowden s beneficial ownership consists of 100,000 shares of common stock, 98,761 of shares issuable upon exercise of stock
options vesting within 60 days, 5,000,000 shares of common stock, 11,400,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of vested
warrants and 5,293,311 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of debt and accrued interest owned by Viridis Group I9 Capital
LLC aka Bowden Investment Group, an entity controlled by Mr. Bowden. 

 (7)
Mr. Weinberger s beneficial ownership consists of 2,897,124 shares of common stock, 2,300,000 shares of common stock issuable upon
exercise of vested warrants and 370,726 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of vested stock options. In conjunction with his
appointment to Chief Executive Officer on November 23, 2022, Mr. Weinberger signed an Employment Agreement that grants Mr. Weinberger
300,000 fully vested options with an exercise price of 0.25 and an expiration 10 years from the date of grant. On November 1, 2022,
Mr. Weinberger converted his debt into shares of the Company s common stock at a price of 0.25 per share, or 1,158,318 shares. 

 (8)
Dr. Kutscher s beneficial ownership consists of 20,906 shares of common stock and 118,513 of shares issuable upon exercise of stock
options vesting within 60 days.. 

(9)
Stockbridge Enterprises LP is an Arizona limited partnership formerly controlled by Mitchell A. Saltz. To the best of the Company s
knowledge Mr. Saltz is deceased and his estate is in control of his ownership interests. Stockbridge s ownership consists of 4,949,205
shares of common stock and 5,664,744 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of vested warrants. 

(10)
Mr. Dugan was a member of BSSD. On March 20, 2018, the Company closed on an Agreement and Plan of Exchange to acquire all of the membership
interests of BSSD in exchange for newly issued restricted shares of common stock which were distributed pro-rata to the BSSD members. 

 (11)
Mr Taylor s beneficial ownership includes 125,097 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options vesting within
60 days. 

 (12)
On November 23, 2022, Mr. Andrew Bowden voluntarily resigned as the Company s CEO and member of the board of directors. 

49 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Director
Independence 

The
OTC Market s OTCQX tier, on which the Company s Common Stock is quoted, requires that companies have a board of directors
that includes at least two Independent Directors (as defined below) and have an Audit Committee a majority of whose members are Independent
Directors. 

The
OTCQX defines the following terms: 

Independent
 Director means a Person other than an Executive Officer or employee of the Company or any other Person having a relationship
 which, in the opinion of the Company s board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying
 out their responsibilities as a director. The following persons shall not be considered independent: (A) a director who is, or at
 any time during the past three years was, employed by the Company; (B) a director who accepted or has a Family Member who accepted
 any compensation from the Company in excess of 120,000 during any fiscal year within the three years preceding the determination
 of independence, other than compensation for board or board committee service; compensation paid to a Family Member who is an employee
 (other than an executive officer) of the Company; or benefits under a tax-qualified retirement plan, or nondiscretionary compensation;
 or (C) A director who is the Family Member of a Person who is, or at any time during the past three years was, employed by the Company
 as an executive officer. 

Family
 Member means a Person s spouse, parents, children and siblings, whether by blood, marriage or adoption, or anyone residing
 in such Person s home. 

Person 
 shall mean any individual, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, corporation, trust, unincorporated organization,
 or other entity. 

According
to the OTCQX definition, Douglas Bowden, Michael Weinberger, and Jeffrey Rassas are not independent directors because each is also an
executive officer or a relative of an executive officer or former executive officer of the Company. According to the OTCQX definition,
Lawrence Taylor, Shane Evans and Dr. Eric Kutscher are each an independent director. All current directors are, or may become in the
future, shareholders of the Company. 

Related
Party Transactions 

Fixed
Asset Purchase 

On
April 20, 2018, the Company entered into an agreement for the purchase of approximately 44 acres of land from an affiliate of a founding
member of BSSD. The purchase price of the property is 3,000,000, payable as follows; (i) 200,000 deposited with escrow agent as an
initial earnest money deposit, (ii) on or before February 1, 2019, the Company was to deposit an additional 800,000 into escrow as additional
earnest money deposit and (iii) the balance of the purchase price was to be paid via a promissory note. The earnest money amounts are
non-refundable. The Company negotiated an amendment to this agreement that was to spread the 800,000 payment over the course of 4 months.
As of September 30, 2021, the Company had paid 600,000, which was deposited in escrow and classified as a long-term asset on the consolidated
balance sheets. During the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of this land. 

During
the year-ended September 30, 2021, the Company exchanged 25,000 shares of common stock, valued at 31,250, for the purchase of certain
equipment from related parties. 

Convertible
Notes Payable 

Viridis 

On
March 23, 2020 the Company borrowed proceeds from Viridis I9 Capital LLC Viridis ), a related party in the amount of 1.1
million. All principal and interest were due on the maturity date of September 23, 2020. At September 30, 2022 the Company was not in
compliance with the terms of the Viridis note, however, subsequent to September 30, 2022, the default cure period was extended to March
1, 2023. The convertible Viridis note included a provision for the issuance of 5,000,000 warrants exercisable into the Company's common
stock. The exercise price on the warrants is 0.75 and the warrants have a term of 5 years. 

50 

Notes
Payable 

Viridis 

On
September 13, 2018, the Company entered into two Loan and Revenue Participation Agreements Viridis AZ and Virids
NV with Viridis Group I9 Capital LLC Viridis ), a related party, in which Viridis agreed to loan the Company up to
a total of 2.7 million. In exchange for the loans, Viridis was to be repaid in the form of waterfall revenue participation schedules.
Viridis was to receive 5 of the Company's gross revenues from the Arizona and Nevada operations until the loan was repaid, 2 until
repaid 200 of the amount loaned, and 1 of gross revenues in perpetuity or until a change in control. The loans were originally collateralized
with a Deed of Trust on the Company's Arizona and Nevada properties. In August 2019, Viridis agreed to subordinate its first priority
Deed of Trust and move into a 2 nd position.
At that time, the loan was amended to include 6 annualized interest. 

On
May 1, 2020, under a troubled debt restructuring, the Company renegotiated the 2,700,000 of notes payable. As part of the restructuring,
the Company issued 3,500,000 warrants exercisable into the Company's common stock. The warrants have an exercise price of 1.00 and a
term of 5 years. Accrued interest in the amount of 251,219 was added to the principal balance of the notes, making the total principal
 2,951,219. The notes also entitle Viridis to a gross revenue participation of the Arizona and Nevada Operations equal to 1 of the gross
sales (up to 20,000 monthly each) upon the maturity of the note and for the subsequent 5 year period. At September 30, 2022 the Company
was not in compliance with the terms of the Viridis AZ note, however, subsequent to September 30, 2022, the default cure period was extended
to March 1, 2023. 

In
September 2021, the Viridis AZ and Viridis NV debt was modified to subordinate these notes to the Pelorus Notes. As part of this modification,
the Company anticipates granting 2.0 million warrants to Viridis. As of the date of this Form 10-K, the terms of this subordination have
not been finalized. The Viridis NV debt was repaid in full during the year ended September 30, 2021. 

The
Company's subsidiary, BSSD Group, LLC borrowed 269,000 from Viridis, a related party, in December 2019. This note bears annualized interest
at 15 . On May 1, 2020, under a troubled debt restructuring, the Company renegotiated the 269,000 note payable. Accrued interest in
the amount of 14,666 was added to the principal balance of the note, making the total principal 283,666. As part of the restructuring,
the Company issued 400,000 warrants exercisable into the Company's common stock. The warrants have an exercise price of .05 and a term
of 5 years. Payments of principal and interest in the amount of 9,833 are due monthly, with a balloon payment of all outstanding principal
and interest is due upon the note's maturity. The debt and warrants were recorded at their relative fair values. The resulting discount
is amortized to interest expense over the term of the debt. At September 30, 2022 the Company was not in compliance with the terms of
this note, however, subsequent to September 30, 2022, the default cure period was extended to March 1, 2023. 

On
September 30, 2021, the Company borrowed 500,000 from Viridis Group I9 Capital LLC, a related party. The proceeds of the debt were used
to make a payment on the outstanding unpaid payroll tax liability. The note includes warrants to purchase a total of 500,000 shares of
the Company s common stock for 0.60 per share, with a 5 year term. The debt and warrants were recorded at their relative fair
values. The resulting discount in the amount of 284,534 is amortized to interest expense over the term of the debt. As of September
30, 2022, the terms of this debt had not been finalized. Subsequent to September 30, 2022, this debt was combined with other Viridis
outstanding debt and related accrued interest into one Unsecured Promissory Note. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company received several short-term working capital loans from Viridis, a related party, in the
amount of 5,253,256. The terms of these short-term loans were still being determined at September 30, 2022, however, an interest rate
of 15 has been estimated. Subsequent to September 30, 2022, these short-term working capital loans were combined with other Viridis
outstanding debt and related accrued interest into one Unsecured Promissory Note. 

Effective
December 1, 2022, the Company entered into an Unsecured Promissory Note with Viridis Group Holdings, LLC, a related party. The purpose
of the Unsecured Promissory Note was to agree upon the terms for the short term loans that this related party had previously provided
to the Company. Including interest accrued from the date of the short-term loans to the effective date of the agreement, the principal
amount of the Unsecured Promissory Note is 6,203,930. The Unsecured Promissory Note has a stated interest rate of 15 per annum and
matures on May 21, 2024. 

Officer
loan 

As
part of the OCG transaction in March 2021, the Company assumed the debt that OCG, Inc. owed to its officers. One of these officers is
a director and officer of the Company. This officer s note has a maturity date of April 1, 2024 and an interest rate of 10 per
annum. Principal and interest payments are due monthly with a balloon payment of all outstanding principal and interest due at maturity.
This officer s note had a principal balance of 338,621 and accrued interest of 6,102 at September 30, 2022. Subsequent to September
30, 2022, this note and any accrued but unpaid interest was converted to shares of the Company s common stock. 

51 

Stockbridge 

On
March 23, 2020 the Company borrowed proceeds from Stockbridge Enterprises Stockbridge ), a related party in the amount
of 1.1 million. All principal and interest were due on the maturity date of September 23, 2020. During the year ended September 30,
2021 the Stockbridge note was amended. See below under Notes Payable - Stockbridge. The convertible Stockbridge note included a provision
for the issuance of 5,000,000 warrants exercisable into the Company's common stock. The exercise price on the warrants is 0.75 and the
warrants have a term of 5 years. 

The
Company entered into a note with Stockbridge Enterprises, a related party, in February 2020. The 500,000 borrowing had a term of 60
days and bore interest at 6 per year. All principal and interest were due on the maturity date of April 2020. The note included a provision
for the issuance of 500,000 warrants exercisable into the Company's common stock. The warrants have an exercise price of .05 and a term
of 5 years. In February 2021, this note was amended to cure the default. 

In
February 2021, the Company and Stockbridge Enterprises, a related party, under a trouble debt restructuring, agreed to restructure and
settle the outstanding convertible note payable and note payable. The total outstanding balance of 1,660,590 including accrued interest
will be repaid under a new promissory note, calling for a down payment of 300,000 (paid at time of signing), 120,000 monthly payments
for 11 months with the remaining balance of 40,590 payable on February 1, 2022. The restructured notes removed the conversion features
Convertible Note Payable above. This agreement was amended to extend the maturity date to March 31, 2022 and starting with the October
1, 2021 payment, the loan payments are interest only at an interest rate of 15 per annum until January 25, 2022. Principal payments
in the amount of 50,000 are due on January 25, 2022, February 15, 2022 and March 15, 2022, with a final payment of the remaining principal
and accrued interest due on March 31, 2022. Upon closing of an equity raise of at least 750,000, the Company will repay the outstanding
balance plus any accrued interest immediately. As part of the amendment, the Company issued 164,744 warrants to purchase the Company s
common stock. The warrants have a two-year period and an exercise price of 1.00. 

Effective
March 31, 2022, the debt was amended to extend the maturity date to June 30, 2022, interest payments are due on April 1, May 1 and June
1, 2022. Principal payments in the amount of 50,000 are due on April 15, May 15 and June 15, 2022 and a final balloon payment of outstanding
principal and interest in the amount of 223,972 is due on June 30, 2022. This note is currently in default, however, the Company and the lender have agreed to the terms of an extension
in principle, which calls for monthly payment and a final maturity date in December 2023. 

Lease 

The
Company entered into a 60 month lease with VGI Citadel LLC, a related party, to rent office space for its corporate headquarters which
began in June 2019. The monthly lease payments were 6,478 for the first twelve months and include all utilities and an estimated amount
for common area maintenance and real estate taxes. The monthly lease payments increase to 6,653, 6,828, 7,003, and 7,178 for years
two through five, respectively. The lease does not include renewal options. Subsequent to September 30, 2022, the Company and VGI Citadel
LLC entered into an Agreement to Terminate Lease. Under this agreement, the lease was terminated effective December 20, 2022. 

Other 

During
the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company purchased cultivation supplies from a related party in the amount of 31,708
and 48,751, respectively. This related party is owned by the father of a stockholder that holds more than 5 of the Company s
common stock. 

During
the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred amounts due to a related party for expenses that the related party
paid on the Company s behalf. These expenses included property taxes, utilities, legal expenses and interest on farm purchases.
The amounts incurred during the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 were 43,656 and 30,381, respectively. This related party is
owned by the father of a stockholder that holds more than 5 of the Company s common stock. 

Included
in our accounts payable at September 30, 2022 and 2021 is approximately 242,826, and 138,000, respectively in amounts due to related
parties. 

Other
than the foregoing, none of the directors or executive officers of the Company, nor any person who owned of record or was known to own
beneficially more than 5 of the Company s outstanding shares of its Common Stock, nor any associate or affiliate of such persons
or companies, has any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction that has occurred during the past fiscal year, or in
any proposed transaction, which has materially affected or will affect the Company. 

52 

With
regard to any future related party transaction, the Company plans to fully disclose any and all related party transactions in the following
manner: 

Disclosing
 such transactions in reports where required; 

Disclosing
 in any and all filings with the SEC, where required; 

Obtaining
 disinterested directors consent; and 

Obtaining
 shareholder consent where required. 

Review,
Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons 

The
Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide
the information under this item. 

ITEM
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policy 

The
Audit Committee has established a pre-approval policy and procedures for audit, audit-related and tax services that can be performed
by the independent registered public accountant without specific authorization from the Audit Committee subject to certain restrictions.
The policy sets out the specific services pre-approved by the Audit Committee and the applicable limitations, while ensuring the independence
of the independent registered public accountant to audit the Company's financial statements is not impaired. The pre-approval policy
does not include a delegation to management of the Audit Committee s responsibilities under the Exchange Act. During the years
ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Audit Committee pre-approved all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the Company s
independent registered public accountant. 

Service
Fees Paid to the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The
Audit Committee appointed BF Borgers CPA PC Borgers as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm
as of October 31, 2021. 

Borgers
was engaged to perform an annual audit of the Company s financial statements for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 and 2021.
 Previously, the Audit Committee engaged Semple, Marchal & Cooper, LLP Semple to perform an annual audit of the Company s financial statements for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. The
following is the breakdown of aggregate fees paid to Borgers for the last two fiscal years. The following also includes fees paid/owed
to Semple for the issuance of their consent included in our Regulation A Offering Statement on Form 1-A. 

Year
 Ended September 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 284,827 
 278,436 
 
 Audit Related Fees (2) 
 
 2,280 
 
 Tax Fees (3) 
 7,500 
 17,230 
 
 All Other
 Fees (4) 
 44,312 
 186,845 

336,639 
 484,791 

(1)
Audit fees consists of billings for professional services normally provided in connection with the statutory and regulatory filings including
(i) fees associated with the audits of the Company s consolidated financial statements and (ii) fees associated with its quarterly
reviews. 

(2)
Audit-related fees consists of billings for professional services for the review of SEC filings or other reports containing the audited
financial statements and accounting consultations on matters addressed during the audit or quarterly reviews. 

(3)
Tax fees consist primarily of tax related advisory and preparation services. 

(4)
All other fees include acquisition audits, reviews of interim financial information, issuance of consents and related SEC filings. 

53 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

 (a)
Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules are set forth under Part II, Item 8 of this report. 

 (b)
Exhibits 

The
exhibits required to be filed herewith by Item 601 of Regulation S-K, as described in the following index of exhibits, are attached
hereto unless otherwise indicated as being incorporated by reference, as follows: 

Exhibit 

Number 
 Description
 of Exhibit 

3.01a 
 Articles
 of Incorporation dated June 15, 2010 
 Filed
 with the SEC on May 12, 2011 as part of our Registration Statement on Form S-1/A. 
 
 3.01b 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated October 22, 2012 
 Filed
 with the SEC on November 13, 2012 as part of our Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 3.01c 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated March 15, 2018 
 Filed
 with the SEC on June 27, 2019 as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form 10-12G 
 
 3.01d 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated March 19, 2018 
 Filed
 with the SEC on June 27, 2019 as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form 10-12G 
 
 3.01e 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated April 3, 2018 
 Filed
 with the SEC on June 27, 2019 as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form 10-12G 
 
 3.01f 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated October 9, 2018 
 Filed
 with the SEC on June 27, 2019 as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form 10-12G 
 
 3.02 
 Bylaws 
 Filed
 with the SEC on May 12, 2011 as part of our Registration Statement on Form S-1/A. 
 
 4.1 
 2019 Equity
 Incentive Plan 
 Filed
 with the SEC on June 27, 2019 as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form 10-12G 
 
 10.03 
 Share
 Exchange Agreement between Crown Dynamics Corp. and Airware Dated March 20, 2012 
 Filed
 with the SEC on March 26, 2012 as part of our current report on Form 8-K. 
 
 10.04 
 Agreement
 and Plan of Exchange between Item 9 Labs Corp. fka Airware and BSSD Group, LLC dated March 20, 2018 
 Filed
 with the SEC on June 27, 2019 as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form 10-12G 
 
 10.05 
 Purchase
 Agreement between Sidewinder Dairy, Inc. and the Company dated April 20, 2018 
 Filed
 with the SEC on August 16, 2019 as an exhibit to our Form 10-Q 
 
 10.06 
 Asset
 Purchase Agreement between Item 9 Labs Corp. and AZ DP Consulting, LLC dated November 26, 2018 
 Filed
 with the SEC on June 27, 2019 as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form 10-12G 
 
 10.07 
 Loan and
 Revenue Participation Agreement between Item 9 Labs Corp. and Viridis Group I9 Capital LLC dated September 13, 2018 
 Filed
 with the SEC on June 27, 2019 as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form 10-12G 
 
 10.08 
 Severance
 Agreement between Airware Labs Corp and Jeffrey Rassas, effective July 16, 2013 
 Filed
 with the SEC on July 19, 2013 as part of our Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 
 10.10 
 Term Sheet
 between Company and Strive Management LLC dated June 15, 2018 
 Filed with the SEC on August
 22, 2019 as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form 10-12G/A 
 
 10.11 
 Agreement
 and Plan of Merger between Item 9 Labs Corp, I9 Acquisition Sub, Inc., and OCG Inc. 
 Filed
 with the SEC on December 14, 2020 as part of our Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 
 10.12 
 AZ Construction
 Loan and Security Agreement with Pelorus Fund REIT LLC 
 Filed
 with the SEC on August 31, 2021 as part of our Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 
 10.13 
 NV Construction
 Loan and Security Agreement with Pelorus Fund REIT LLC 
 Filed
 with the SEC on August 31, 2021 as part of our Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 
 14.1 
 Code of
 Ethics 
 Filed
 with the SEC on June 27, 2019 as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form 10-12G 
 
 21 
 Subsidiaries 
 Incorporated
 by reference. 

54 

31.01 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 
 Furnished herewith. 
 
 31.02 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 
 Furnished herewith. 
 
 32.01 
 CEO Certification
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 Furnished herewith. 
 
 32.02 
 CFO Certification
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 Furnished herewith. 
 
 99.1 
 Audit
 Committee Charter 
 Filed with the SEC on June
 27, 2019 as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form 10-12G 
 
 99.2 
 Compensation
 Committee Charter 
 Filed with the SEC on June
 27, 2019 as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form 10-12G 
 
 99.3 
 Nominations
 and Governance Committee Charter 
 Filed with the SEC on June
 27, 2019 as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form 10-12G 
 
 101.INS 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 104 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Pursuant
to Regulation S-T, this interactive data file is deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections
11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise
is not subject to liability under these sections. 

55 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Item 9 Labs, Inc. (the Registrant has
duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ITEM
9 LABS CORP. 

 (Registrant) 

Date: January 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael
 Weinberger 

Michael
 Weinberger 

Chief Executive Officer,
 and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: January 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Robert Mikkelsen 

Robert
 Mikkelsen 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and
 Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

/s/
 Michael Weinberger 
 
 Chief Executive
 Officer and Director 
 
 January 13,
 2023 
 
 Michael Weinberger 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Robert Mikkelsen 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 January 13, 2023 
 
 Robert Mikkelsen 
 
 (Principal Financial/Accounting
 Officer) 

/s/
 Douglas Bowden 
 
 Director 
 
 January 13, 2023 
 
 Douglas Bowden 

/s/
 Shane Evans 
 
 Director 
 
 January 13, 2023 
 
 Shane Evans 

/s/
 Jeffrey Rassas 
 
 Director 
 
 January 13, 2023 
 
 Jeffrey Rassas 

/s/
 Lawrence Taylor 
 
 Director 
 
 January 13, 2023 
 
 Lawrence Taylor 

/s/
 Eric Kutscher 
 
 Director 
 
 January 13, 2023 
 
 Eric Kutscher 

56 

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

INDEX 
 F-1 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
 Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the
 Years Ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders'
 Equity for the Years Ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
 Years Ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Item 9 Labs Corp.: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Item 9 Labs Corp. (the Company as of September 30, 2022 and 2021 and the related consolidated statements of operations,
shareholders equity, and cash flows for the two years in the period ended September 30, 2022, and the related notes and schedules
(collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the
two years in the period ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Going Concern Matter 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered
recurring losses from operations that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in
regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

Critical audit matters
are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. 

We determined that there
are no critical audit matters. 

/S BF Borgers CPA PC 

 (PCAOB ID 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021 

January 13, 2023 

F- 2 

ITEM 9 LABS
 CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS 

September
 30, 
 September
 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current
 Assets: 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Accounts
 receivable, net 

Inventory 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total
 current assets 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Right
 of use assets 

Construction
 escrow deposits 

Deposits 

Other
 assets 

Assets
 held for sale 

Intangible
 assets, net 

Goodwill 

Total
 Assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current
 Liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 payroll and payroll taxes 

Accrued
 interest 

Accrued
 expenses 

Deferred
 revenue, current portion 

Notes
 payable, current portion, net of discounts 

Income
 tax payable 

Operating
 lease liability, current portion 

Convertible
 notes payable, net of discounts 

Liabilities
 related to assets held for sale 

Total
 current liabilities 

Deferred
 revenue, net of current portion 

Operating
 lease liability, net of current portion 

Notes
 payables, net of current portion and discounts 

Total
 liabilities 

Commitments
 and Contingencies 

Stockholders'
 Equity: 

Common
 stock, par value per share, shares authorized; and shares issued and and
 shares outstanding at September 30, 2022 and 2021 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Treasury
 stock 

Total
 Item 9 Labs Corp. Stockholders' Equity 

Non-controlling
 interest 

Total
 Stockholders' Equity 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

ITEM
 9 LABS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For
 the year ended 
 For
 the year ended 

September
 30, 2022 
 September
 30, 2021 
 
 Revenues,
 net 

Cost
 of revenues 

Gross
 profit 

Operating
 expenses 

Professional
 fees and outside services 

Payroll
 and employee related expenses 

Sales
 and marketing 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Other
 general and administrative expenses 

Loss
 on assets held for sale 

Loss
 on impairment 

Provision
 for (recovery of) bad debt 

Total
 expenses 

Loss
 from operations 

Other
 income (expense) 

Interest
 expense 

Loss
 on extinguishment of debt 

Other
 income 

Total
 other income (expense), net 

Net
 loss, before income tax provision (benefit) 

Income
 tax provision (benefit) 

Net
 loss 

Less:
 Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net
 loss attributable to Item 9 Labs Corp. 

Basic
 net loss per common share 

Basic
 weighted average common shares outstanding 

Diluted
 net loss per common share 

Diluted
 weighted average common shares outstanding 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

ITEM
 9 LABS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 FOR
 THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021 

Item
 9 Labs Corp. Equity 

Additional 

Non- 

Common
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Treasury
 Stock 
 Accumulated 
 Controlling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 (Deficit) 
 Interest 
 Total 
 
 Balance at September 30, 2020 

Stock issued for cash, net 

Stock to be issued for acquisition 

Warrants and options issued
 for acquisition 

Stock issued for automatic
 debt conversion 

Stock issued with debt 

Warrants issued with debt 

Beneficial conversion features 

Gain on troubled debt restructuring 

Issuance of shares for services 

Stock based compensation 

Stock issued on conversion
 of warrants and options 

Net loss 

Balance at September 30, 2021 

Stock issued for cash, net 

Stock issued for licenses 

Stock issued for acquisition 

Stock issued for debt inducement 

Warrants issued with debt 

Beneficial conversion feature 

Issuance of shares for services 

Stock based compensation 

Stock issued on exercise of
 options 

Non-controlling interest 

Net loss 

Balance at September 30,
 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

ITEM 9 LABS
 CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For
 the year ended 
 For
 the year ended 

September
 30, 2022 
 September
 30, 2021 
 
 Operating
 Activities: 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization
 of intangible assets 

Amortization
 of right of use asset 

Amortization
 of debt discounts 

Loss
 on extinguishment of debt 

Loss
 on assets held for sale 

Common
 stock issued for services 

Stock
 based compensation expense 

Loss
 on impairment 

Provision
 for (recovery of) bad debt 

Loss
 on disposal of fixed assets 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts
 receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid
 expenses and other assets 

Deposits 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 payroll and payroll taxes 

Income
 tax payable 

Accrued
 interest 

Accrued
 expenses 

Deferred
 revenue 

Operating
 lease liability 

Net
 Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Investing
 Activities: 

Deposit
 on acquisition 

Cash
 paid for acquisition 

Purchases
 of property, equipment and construction in progress 

Cash
 received for note receivable 

Cash
 received from construction escrow accounts 

Cash
 acquired in acquisition 

Cash
 paid to acquisition escrow accounts 

Purchase
 of licenses 

Net
 Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Financing
 Activities: 

Proceeds
 from the sale of common stock 

Costs
 for sale of common stock 

Proceeds
 from exercise of stock options 

Payment
 of debt discount 

Proceeds
 from the issuance of debt 

Payment
 of debt 

Net
 Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net
 Increase (Decrease) in Cash 

Cash
 and cash equivalents- Beginning of Period 

Cash
 and cash equivalents - End of Period 

Supplemental
 disclosure of cash flow information: 

Interest
 paid in cash 

Income
 taxes paid in cash 

Supplemental
 disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Stock
 issued for acquisitions 

Stock
 issued for acquisition of a license 

Accrued
 interest transferred to debt 

Stock
 and warrants issued for debt, accrued interest and related fees 

Non-controlling
 interest 

Stock
 issuance costs paid in stock 

Fixed
 assets purchased with debt 

Debt
 issued for acquisition of a license 

Debt
 proceeds used to pay debt discounts 

Debt
 proceeds used to repay existing debt 

Transfer
 of accrued interest to debt 

Land
 purchased with escrow funds and deposit 

Stock
 issued to pay accounts payable and prepay expenses 

Operating
 lease right of use asset and liability 

Beneficial
 conversion feature on convertible debt 

Stock
 issued for sale of common stock expenses 

Stock
 issued for services (1) 

Construction
 in progress paid with escrow funds 

Stock
 issued for conversion of debt 

Accrued
 debt discount fees 

Debt
 discount amortization capitalized to construction in progress 

Accrued
 liabilities capitalized in construction in progress 

Amortized
 debt discount capitalized in construction in progress 

Debt
 proceeds used to fund escrow deposits and pay debt issuance costs (2) 

Gain
 on troubled debt restructuring 

Stock
 issued for purchase of property, equipment and construction in progress 

Related
 party debt assumed in OCG acquisition 

Stock,
 warrants and options issued in OCG acquisition 

(1)
In FY 2021, was recorded as an adjustment to prepaid expenses and other current assets on the statement of cash flows 
 
 (2)
The debt proceeds went directly to the escrow deposit accounts 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

ITEM
9 LABS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

to 
 years 
 
 Computer
 equipment and software 
 
 years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 years 
 
 Buildings
 and improvements 
 
 to 
 years 

years 
 
 Websites
and other intellectual property 
 years 
 
 Franchise
and consulting agreements 
 years 

Generally,
the Company utilizes the relief from royalty method to value tradenames and trademarks, the multi-period excess earnings method for valuing
franchise and consulting agreements, the with or without method for valuing the customer relationships, and the discounted cash flow
method for valuing the website and other intellectual property. 

Cultivation
revenue 

The
core principle of ASC 606 requires that an entity recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers
in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. ASC
606 defines a five-step process to achieve this core principle, including identifying the contract with the customer, identifying the
performance obligations in the contract, determining the transaction price, including estimating the amount of variable consideration
to include in the transaction price, allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation and recognizing revenue
when (or as) the performance obligation is satisfied. 

All
of the Company's cultivation revenue is associated with a customer contract that represents an obligation to provide cannabis products
that are delivered at a single point in time. For the year ended September 30, 2022, 98 of the Company's net revenue was generated
from performance obligations completed in the state of Arizona. For the year ended September 30, 2021, substantially all of the Company's
net revenue was generated from performance obligations completed in the state of Arizona. 

The
Company recognizes revenue once the products are delivered. Revenue is considered earned upon successful delivery of the product to the
dispensary as the Company has no further performance obligations at this point in time and collection is reasonably assured. The Company
records revenue at the amount it expects to collect, 100 of the wholesale sales. Beginning April 1, 2020, the Company entered into a
three-year agreement with a dispensary, which calls for monthly payments of 40,000 to be paid by the Company. The fees paid for operating
under the contract are expensed to cost of revenues. 

The
Company's revenues accounted for under ASC 606 do not require significant estimates or judgments based on the nature of the Company's
revenue stream. The sales price is generally fixed at the point of sale and all consideration from the contract is included in the transaction
price. The Company's contracts do not include multiple performance obligations, variable consideration, a significant contract, rights
of return or warranties. 

Franchising
revenue 

Through
OCG, Inc., the Company enters into franchise agreements and consulting agreements. The franchise agreement allows the franchisee to,
among other things, establish a franchised outlet under the Company s Unity Rd. brand. Under the consulting agreements, the Company
assists customers with applying for and being awarded a retail cannabis license through the state license application process. The initial
franchise fee and the consulting fee are due upon execution of the related agreement. These payments are deferred on the consolidated
balance sheet. The initial franchise fee is recognized into revenue ratably over the term of the agreement and the consulting fee is
recognized at the time the performance obligation has been satisfied. Deferred revenue had a balance of 555,851 and 775,843 at September
30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheets. Revenue recognized during the
years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 that was included in deferred revenue at September 30, 2021 and 2020 was 219,992 and 11,662,
respectively. 

Disaggregation
of Revenue 

The
following table presents our revenue disaggregated by source. 

Vape products 

Concentrates
 and other cannabis products 

Accessories 

Franchising segment 

Franchising
 revenue 

Corporate 

Dispensary
 sales revenue 

Other 

Warrants 

Convertible
 notes 

Potentially
 dilutive shares outstanding 

F- 13 

Finished goods 

Packaging and other 

restricted shares
of the common stock of the Company, of which shares was held in escrow for 12-18 months. At September 30, 2022, all shares
previously held in escrow had been released to the Target Shareholders. The Agreement dated December 13, 2020 superseded and replaced
all prior agreements between the parties, including that certain merger agreement dated February 27, 2020. The transaction closed
on March 19, 2021, which has been determined to be the acquisition date. 

Management
retained a third-party valuation specialist to review the value of the transaction as well as the purchase price allocation. The valuations
and allocations are significant estimates. The fair value of the consideration paid, as set forth in the table below, is based on a third-party
valuation. 

Escrow stock 

Escrow
 stock 

Warrants
 issued 

Stock
 option expense - pre-acquisition allocation 

The
value of the stock issued is based on the market price of the Company s stock as of March 19, 2021. The value of the escrow stock
is based on the market price of the Company s stock as of March 19, 2021 and has been discounted for a lack of marketability. The
warrants issued are exercisable at per share and expire on June 30, 2024. Further, at any time after the issuance date, the closing
trading price of the Company s common stock on its then principal trading market is greater than 5.00 per common stock share for
a period of 10 consecutive trading days, and has five days of trading volume in a 10 trading day period of 50,000 shares, and the shares
underlying the exercised warrants are registered, then the Company may give notice that the expiration date shall be the 30 th
 day after the date on which such notice is deemed
to have been given by the Company. The value of the warrants issued was determined using Monte Carlo simulation and Geometric Brownian
motion to simulate the Company s stock price on a daily basis in order to isolate occurrences where the 10 day price hit above
the 5.00 threshold that triggers exercise at 3.00. Also, the probability of meeting the 5/10 trading day condition if on a major exchange
of 74.3 and the probability of trading on a major exchange before June 2024 of 1 to 10 were used in estimating the warrant value.
The range of value for the warrants was to . The Company used the lower end of the range in determining the value
of consideration paid. As part of the consideration transferred, of stock options were issued to employees that were retained
by the Company subsequent to the acquisition. These options were valued using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and resulted in
an estimated value of . Of this value, was allocated to the acquisition price.
The remaining was allocated
to future services to be rendered by the employees and recorded as compensation expense subsequent to the acquisition. See Note 13. 

The
following table summarizes the allocation of the estimated purchase price to the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and the
liabilities assumed as of the transaction date: 

Other
 current assets 

Fixed
 assets 

Total
 tangible assets 

Assumed
 liabilities 

Accounts
 payable 

Other
 current liabilities 

Officer
 and shareholder loans 

Unearned
 franchise fee revenue 

Total
 assumed liabilities 

Net
 liabilities assumed 

Intangible
 assets 

Goodwill
 (a)(b) 

Consideration
 paid 

(a) 
 The
 excess purchase price over the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed is allocated to goodwill. Goodwill
 may not be deductible for tax purposes. 

(b) 
 Goodwill
 resulting from the acquisition represents expected synergies from the merger of operations and intangible assets that do not qualify
 for separate recognition. With the addition of a retail dispensary franchise business, it brings the full vertical to the Company
 (cultivation, processing, distribution and retail), providing a built in premium supply chain to distribute the products that the
 Company produces while maintaining a mode of growth which may be less dependent on outside capital for expansion. 

The
Company has recognized and of revenue and net loss, respectively, in the consolidated statement of operations for
the year ended September 30, 2021 as a result of the acquisition of OCG, Inc. effective March 19, 2021. 

The
following unaudited pro forma information presents the consolidated results of operations of the Company and OCG, Inc. as if the acquisition
consummated on March 19, 2021 had been consummated on October 1, 2019. Such unaudited pro forma information is based on historical unaudited
financial information with respect to the acquisition and does not include operational or other charges which might have been affected
by the Company. 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted net
 loss per common share 

Basic and diluted weighted
 average common shares outstanding 

Oklahoma
City dispensary acquisition 

In
January 2022, the Company signed a Co-Management Agreement with a dispensary in Oklahoma for a term of three years. As part of the Co-Management
Agreement, the Company purchased substantially all of the assets of a dispensary, excluding cannabis and cannabis related products and
licenses, and assumed the dispensary s lease. The purchase price was , payable at on the effective date and each 30, 60 and 90 days after the effective date. In addition, the Company will pay per month for 35 months. Finally, the Company
paid the seller in the Company s common stock at a 10 discount to the stock s 10-day volume weighted average. The
Company has issued shares of common stock related to the Co-Management Agreement. The accrued purchase price balance is at September 30, 2022 and is included in accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheet. 

As
of September 30, 2022, the consideration paid or accrued for this acquisition was as follows: 

The
following table summarizes the allocation of the purchase price to the estimated fair values of the assets acquired as of the transaction
date: 

Fixed
 assets 

Tangible
 net assets acquired 

Goodwill 

Consideration
 paid 

Adams
County acquisition 

On
October 6, 2021, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Nebrina Adams County LLC to purchase certain assets, which
include licenses, a lease and certain personal property to operate a licensed recreational cannabis dispensary (the Adams County
Acquisition in the state of Colorado. The purchase price is 
comprised of million of cash, a note, and shares of the Company s common stock, valued at per share. The note has an interest rate of 5 per annum and a term
of 18 months and payable in six installments on the last day of each three-month period following the Closing Date. The Adams County
Acquisition closed on March 2, 2022. The acquisition is not considered a business combination under ASC 805, Business Combinations ,
as a substantive process was not acquired. Substantially all of the consideration paid was allocated to the licenses purchased. 

As
of September 30, 2022, the consideration paid in this asset acquisition was as follows: 

Common stock 

Direct costs of acquisition 

The
Herbal Cure pending acquisition 

On
March 11, 2022, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with The Herbal Cure LLC Seller ), pursuant to which,
the Company is purchasing certain assets from the Seller, located in the state of Colorado. The total purchase price for the assets to
be acquired is , payable as follows: 

(i)
Upon mutual execution and delivery of the Asset Purchase Agreement, the Company shall convey to the Seller a down payment in the amount
of
 ; 

(ii)
At the Closing, the Company shall pay to Seller in immediately available funds; 

(iii)
 shall be financed by the Seller and paid pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Secured Promissory Note (the Herbal
Cure Note ), which interest shall accrue at a rate of per annum, for a term of 18 months commencing on the Closing Date, and
payable in even monthly installments until paid in full; and 

(iv)
the Company shall pay the remainder of the purchase price in shares of its common stock on the Closing Date, in such amount of Shares
as is the quotient of divided by the product of the 10 day volume weighted average price of the shares as of the Closing Date,
and 85 . 

At
September 30, 2022, the 
down payment was paid and is included in Other Assets on the consolidated balance sheet. At September
30, 2022, this acquisition has not yet been finalized. As such, the effects of this acquisition, which is expected to be accounted for
under ASC 805, Business Combinations , have not been included in the Company s consolidated balance sheet or statement
of operations as of and for the year ended September 30, 2022. The Company can provide no assurance that it will be successful in finalizing
this acquisition. 

Sessions
pending acquisition 

On
May 18, 2022, the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, OCG Management Ontario, Inc., a corporation formed under the laws of the Province
of Ontario Purchaser solely for the purpose of completing this transaction, entered into a Share Purchase Agreement pursuant
to which the Purchaser is purchasing all, but not less than all, of the issued and outstanding shares in the capital of Wild Card Cannabis
Incorporated, a corporation formed under the laws of the Province of Ontario free and clear of all Liens from the Shareholders. 

The
total purchase price for the Shares is (the Purchase Price ), as adjusted, plus the Earnout Payment, if
any (collectively, the Purchase Price payable as follows: 

(i)
The Company has delivered the Exclusivity Deposit in the amount of to the Escrow Agent on March 4, 2022. 

(ii) At
the Closing, Purchaser shall pay to Shareholders the Estimated Purchase Price of , as adjusted, in immediately available funds; 

(iii) 
 , as adjusted, payable by the delivery of the Company s common stock, the number of which will be calculated on the basis
of a deemed price per common share equal to the 10-Day VWAP of the trading price of the Company s common stock on the stock exchange
upon which the Company s common stock is listed, with the last day of the First Earnout Period (the date that is 12 months following
the Closing Date) as the measurement date less a 15 discount, if actual Net Revenue is respect of the First Earnout Period is greater
than or equal to the Target Net Revenue for the First Earnout Period; and 

(iv) 
 , as adjusted, payable by the delivery of the Company s common stock, the number of which will be calculated on the basis
of a deemed price per common share equal to the 10-Day VWAP of the trading price of the Company s common stock on the stock exchange
upon which the Company s common stock is listed, with the last day of the Second Earnout Period (the date that is 24 months following
the Closing Date) as the measurement date less a 15 discount, if actual Net Revenue is respect of the Second Earnout Period is greater
than or equal to the Target Net Revenue for the Second Earnout Period. 

At
September 30, 2022, the 156,902 Exclusivity Deposit has been paid and is included in Other Assets on the consolidated balance sheet.
At September 30, 2022, this acquisition has not yet been finalized. As such, the effects of this acquisition, which is expected to be
accounted for under ASC 805, Business Combinations , have not been included in the Company s consolidated balance
sheet or statement of operations as of and for the year ended September 30, 2022. The Company can provide no assurance that it will be
successful in finalizing this acquisition. 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Current liabilities 

Income
 tax payable 

Total liabilities 

The
following table presents the operations (after intercompany eliminations) of the entity that is a VIE and consolidated by the Company
for the year ended September 30, 2022. 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Websites and other intellectual property 

Franchise and consulting
 agreements 

Total finite lived intangible assets 

Indefinite lived intangible
 assets: 

Licenses 

Total intangible assets 

Gross
 Carrying Amount 
 Accumulated
 Amortization 
 Accumulated
 Impairment 
 Reclassified
 to Assets Held for Sale 
 Net 
 
 September 30, 2021 

Finite lived intangible
 assets: 

Trade names and trademarks 

Customer relationships 

Websites and other intellectual property 

Franchise and consulting
 agreements 

Total finite lived intangible assets 

Indefinite lived intangible
 assets: 

Licenses 

Total intangible assets 

Gross Carrying 

Gross Carrying 
 Amount 

Amount 
 Goodwill 

Goodwill 
 Impairment 
 
 Changes in goodwill: 

Balance at September 30, 2021 

Additional goodwill related
 to Oklahoma City dispensary acquisition 

Balance at September 30, 2022 

Future
amortization is as follows for each of the next five years and thereafter: 

Franchise
 and consulting agreements 

Total 

Amortization
expense related to finite lived intangible assets was and for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

As
of September 30, 2022, the cultivation and processing licenses from the state of Nevada have not been transferred to the Company as the
transfer is awaiting regulatory approval. At September 30, 2022, the Company classified the carrying value of the licenses associated
with the Nevada facility as assets held for sale. See Note 12. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company impaired the entire remaining carrying value of its website, tradenames and trademarks
and other intellectual property related to its acquisition of AZDP Holdings LLC at September 30, 2022. The impairment was recorded as
the underlying use of the intangible assets has changed significantly during the year ended September 30, 2022. The impairment expense
for the year ended September 30, 2022 was 409,431. 

Computer equipment and software 

Leasehold improvements 

Buildings and improvements 

3,758,060 
 3,558,479 
 
 Accumulated Depreciation 

2,980,587 
 3,079,159 
 
 Land 

Construction on progress 

Property and Equipment,
 Net 

During
the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company completed the purchase of 44 acres of land from a related party for million plus
expenses. The land-owner is one of the original members of BSSD and a current employee of the Company. 

Construction
in progress relates to two capital projects ongoing during the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, including the expansion of the
Arizona facility. Construction in progress also includes interest and fees on debt that is directly related to the financing of the Company s
capital projects. At September 30, 2022, the Company classified the construction in progress costs of the Nevada facility as assets held
for sale. See Note 12. 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

F- 20 

See
 C-2 
 
 C-3 

C-5 

C-7 

C-8 

C-9 

C-10 

C-11 

Less:
 unamortized discounts 

(C-2)
Convertible Viridis Note 

On
March 23, 2020 the Company borrowed proceeds from a related party, Viridis I9 Capital LLC Viridis ), in the amount of 1.1
million. The note is convertible at the lesser of a) 1.00 per share or, b) 20 discount to the ten day average closing price of the
Company s common stock, immediately prior to the conversion date. All principal and interest were due on the maturity date. At
September 30, 2022 the Company was not in compliance with the terms of the Viridis note, however, subsequent to September 30, 2022, the
default cure period was extended to March 1, 2023. The convertible Viridis note included a provision for the issuance of 5,000,000 warrants
exercisable into the Company's common stock. The exercise price on the warrants is 0.75 and the warrants have a term of 5 years. At
September 30, 2022, the if-converted value of Note C-2, at the market price of 0.40 per share, would be 1,853,839. 

(C-3,
C-5) Other Convertible Notes 

The
Company had two convertible notes outstanding under various provisions at September 30, 2021. Note C-3 did not include a beneficial conversion
feature as the conversion price was at or in excess of the stock price on the issuance date. Note C-3 was converted into the Company s
common stock subsequent to September 30, 2022. Note C-5 was assumed in the OCG, Inc. transaction. See Note 4. Note C-5 included a conversion
price that was less than the stock price on the issuance date. As such, a discount was recorded in the amount of 118,000. This discount
was fully amortized at September 30, 2021. Note C-5 was fully repaid during the year ended September 30, 2022. At September 30, 2022,
the if-converted value of Note C-3, at the market price of 0.40 per share, would be 27,964. 

 (C-7,
C-8) 

On
September 29, 2021, the Company entered into two convertible note agreements. Up to fifty percent (50 of the outstanding and unpaid
principal amount was convertible into common stock. The notes included warrants to purchase a total of 825,000 shares of the Company s
common stock for 3 per share, with a 4 year term. Further, the Company issued 67,365 shares of common stock, valued at 112,500 as an
inducement to the lenders to enter into the note agreements. The debt included a beneficial conversion feature after consideration of
the relative fair values of the warrants and shares of common stock. The debt, shares of common stock and warrants were recorded at their
relative fair values, along with the beneficial conversion feature. The resulting discount of 597,606 and an additional 75,000 discount
related to a one-time interest charge of 10 of the original principal amount, was amortized to interest expense over the term of the
debt. The one-time interest charge was accrued at September 30, 2022 and 2021. At September 30, 2022, the if-converted value of Notes
C-7 and C-8, at the market price of 0.40 per share, was 314,286 and 628,572, respectively. 

On
September 30, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment for each of these notes. The amendments increased the outstanding principal
amounts by 10 , extended the maturity date until January 1, 2023, reduced the conversion price of the notes to 0.35 and allowed the
note holders to convert up to 100 of the outstanding and unpaid principal balance into common stock. Further, the Company s Colorado
Retail Marijuana License was pledged as security for the note. The Company issued 213,885 shares of common stock for C-8 and 825,000
additional warrants. The debt, shares of common stock and warrants were recorded at their relative fair values, along with the beneficial
conversion feature and increase in principal balance. The resulting discounts for C-7 and C-8 of 217,592 and 515,218, respectively,
were recorded to interest expense on the date of the amendment. 

(C-9)
Convertible Tysadco Note 

On
October 1, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible note agreement. Up to fifty percent (50 of the outstanding and unpaid principal
amount is convertible into common stock. The note included warrants to purchase a total of 825,000 shares of the Company s common
stock for 3 per share, with a 4 year term. Further, the Company issued 67,365 shares of common stock, valued at 112,500 as an inducement
to the lender to enter into the note agreement. The debt included a beneficial conversion feature after consideration of the relative
fair values of the warrants and shares of common stock. The debt, shares of common stock and warrants were recorded at their relative
fair values, along with the beneficial conversion feature. The resulting discount of 597,606 and an additional 75,000 discount related
to a one-time interest charge of 10 of the original principal amount, was amortized to interest expense over the term of the debt. The
one-time interest charge was accrued at September 30, 2022 and 2021. At September 30, 2022, the if-converted value of Note C-9, at the
market price of 0.40 per share, was 942,857. 

On
September 30, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment for the C-9 note. The amendments increased the outstanding principal amounts
by 10 , extended the maturity date until January 1, 2023, reduced the conversion price of the notes to 0.35 and allowed the note holder
to convert up to 100 of the outstanding and unpaid principal balance into common stock. Further, the Company s Colorado Retail
Marijuana License was pledged as security for the note. The Company issued 213,885 shares of common stock and 825,000 additional warrants.
The debt, shares of common stock and warrants were recorded at their relative fair values, along with the beneficial conversion feature
and increase in principal balance. The resulting discount of 735,595, was recorded to interest expense on the date of the amendment. 

(C-10)
Convertible Gaines Note 

On
October 29, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible note agreement. The outstanding and unpaid principal and accrued interest is
convertible, in whole, into shares of the Company s common stock. The notes included warrants to purchase a total of 750,000 shares
of the Company s common stock for 3 per share, with a 2 year term. Further, the Company issued 75,000 shares of common stock,
valued at 116,250 as an inducement to the lender to enter into the note agreement. The debt included a beneficial conversion feature
after consideration of the relative fair values of the warrants and shares of common stock. The debt, shares of common stock and warrants
were recorded at their relative fair values, along with the beneficial conversion feature. The resulting discount of 561,272, which
also included debt issuance costs of 44,582, is amortized to interest expense over the term of the debt. Effective September 30, 2022,
this note was amended to extend the maturity date to March 31, 2023. As part of the amendment, the Company issued 300,000 shares of its
common stock. The resulting discount of 120,000 was recorded to interest expense on the date of the amendment. 

(C-11)
Convertible Goldstein Note 

On
February 21, 2022, the Company entered into a convertible note agreement. The outstanding and unpaid principal and accrued interest is
convertible, in whole, into shares of the Company s common stock. The Company issued 25,000 shares of common stock, valued at 25,000
as an inducement to the lender to enter into the note agreement. The debt included a beneficial conversion feature after consideration
of the relative fair value of the shares of common stock. The debt and shares of common stock were recorded at their relative fair values,
along with the beneficial conversion feature. The resulting discount of 50,000 was amortized to interest expense over the term of the
debt. At September 30, 2022, Note C-11 was in default and the Company is working with the lenders to cure the default. As a result of
the default, the Company is accruing an additional 2,500 of monthly default interest and has issued 25,000 shares to the holder. These
shares were valued on the date of default at 15,500 and recorded to interest expense. 

The
future minimum payments of the Company s convertible debt obligations as of September 30, 2022 are as follows. 

Notes
Payable 

2nd DOT AZ property 
 
 h 

N/A 
 
 i 

Secured by licenses 
 
 l 

Future revenues; shares of
 Company stock 
 
 n 

Secured by vehicles 
 
 o 

N/A 
 
 p 

N/A 
 
 q 

1st AZ property and other personal property 
 
 r 

1st NV property and other personal property 
 
 s 

Restricted common stock 
 
 t 

N/A 
 
 u 

Future revenues 
 
 w 
 
 On demand 

x 

N/A 
 
 y 

N/A 
 
 z 

Future revenues 

Less: liabilities related to assets
 held for sale 

Less:
 unamortized discounts 

(f)
Viridis AZ 

On
September 13, 2018, the Company entered into a Loan and Revenue Participation Agreement with Viridis Group I9 Capital LLC Viridis ),
a related party, in which Viridis agreed to loan the Company up to 1.2 million for the expansion of the Company's Arizona property.
In exchange for the loan, Viridis was to be repaid in the form of waterfall revenue participation schedules. Viridis was to receive 5 
of the Company's gross revenues from the Arizona operations until the loan was repaid, 2 until repaid 200 of the amount loaned, and
1 of gross revenues in perpetuity or until a change in control. The loan was originally collateralized with a Deed of Trust on the Company's
5-acre parcel in Coolidge, AZ and its two 10,000 square foot buildings. In August 2019, Viridis agreed to subordinate its first priority
Deed of Trust and move into a 2 nd position.
At that time, the loan was amended to include 6 annualized interest. 

On
May 1, 2020, under a troubled debt restructuring, the Company renegotiated the 1,200,000 note payable. As part of the restructuring,
the Company issued 1,555,556 warrants exercisable into the Company's common stock. The warrants have an exercise price of 1.00 and a
term of 5 years. Accrued interest in the amount of 186,370 was added to the principal balance of the note, making the total principal
 1,386,370. Interest only payments of 11,553 shall be paid monthly until November 1, 2020 at which time monthly principal and interest
payments of 28,144 are required for 36 months, with a balloon payment of all outstanding principal and interest due upon the note's
maturity. The note also entitles Viridis to a gross revenue participation of the Arizona Operations equal to 1 of the gross sales (up
to 20,000 monthly) upon the maturity of the note and for the subsequent 5 year period. The debt and warrants were recorded at their
relative fair values. The resulting discount is amortized to interest expense over the term of the debt. At September 30, 2022 the Company
was not in compliance with the terms of the Viridis AZ note, however, subsequent to September 30, 2022, the default cure period was extended
to March 1, 2023. 

In
August 2021, the Viridis AZ and Viridis NV debt was modified to subordinate these notes to the Pelorus Notes (see (q,r) below). As part
of this modification, 2.0 million warrants were granted to Viridis. This modification has been
accounted for as an extinguishment of the debt. As a result, the Company expensed the remaining unamortized discount of 393,917 and
recognized the remaining 53,113 of unamortized gain on forgiven accrued interest as additional paid-in capital on the Viridis AZ debt.
The 2.0 million warrants were allocated to the accrued interest outstanding on the Viridis NV debt at the payoff date (see (g) below)
and then to the Viridis AZ and Viridis NV debt based on the amount of each debt outstanding at the time the warrants were granted at
the relative fair value. A debt discount of 715,853 was recorded related to the Viridis AZ debt and will be amortized over the remaining
term of the debt. 

(g)
Viridis NV 

On
September 13, 2018, the Company borrowed 1,500,000 from Viridis Group I9 Capital LLC, a related party. The proceeds were utilized to
acquire a 20 ownership in Strive Management, LLC and is collateralized with a Deed of Trust on the Company's approximately 5 acre property
and construction in progress. In exchange for the loan, Viridis was to be repaid in the form of waterfall revenue participation schedules.
Viridis was to receive 5 of the Company's gross revenues from the Nevada operations until the loan is repaid, 2 until repaid 200 of
the amount loaned, and 1 of gross revenues in perpetuity or until a change in control. Payments on the loan was to commence 90 days
after the Nevada operation begins earning revenue. 

On
May 1, 2020, under a troubled debt restructuring, the Company renegotiated the 1,500,000 note payable. As part of the restructuring,
the Company issued 1,944,444 warrants exercisable into the Company's common stock. The exercise price on the warrants is 1.00 and they
have a term of 5 years. Accrued interest in the amount of 64,849 was added to the principal balance of the note, making the total principal
 1,564,849 at that time. Interest only payments of 13,040 shall be paid monthly until 3 months following the commencement date of the
Nevada Operations at which time monthly principal and interest payments of 33,962 will be required for 36 months, with a balloon payment
of all outstanding principal and interest is due upon the note's maturity. The note also entitles Viridis to a gross revenue participation
of the Nevada Operations equal to 1 of the gross sales (up to 20,000 monthly) upon the maturity of the note and for the subsequent
5 year period. The debt and warrants were recorded at their relative fair values. The resulting discount is amortized to interest expense
over the term of the debt. 

In
August 2021, the Viridis AZ and Viridis NV debts were modified to subordinate these notes to the Pelorus Notes (see (q,r) below). As
part of this modification, it is anticipated that 2.0 million warrants were granted to Viridis. As of the date of these consolidated
financial statements, the terms of this modification have not been finalized. Based on the expected modification terms, this modification
was accounted for as an extinguishment of the debt. As a result, the Company expensed the remaining unamortized discount of 463,706
and recognized the remaining 159,159 of unamortized gain on forgiven accrued interest as additional paid-in capital on the Viridis NV
debt. The 2.0 million warrants were allocated the accrued interest outstanding on the Viridis NV debt at the payoff date in the amount
of 269,286 and then to the Viridis AZ and Viridis NV debt based on the amount of each debt outstanding at the time the warrants were
granted at the relative fair value. As such, a debt discount of 807,637 was recorded related to the Viridis NV debt. Proceeds from the
Pelorus Notes were used to repay the Viridis NV debt in full during the year ended September 30, 2021 and the debt discount of 807,637
was fully recognized to interest expense at that time. 

 (h)
Viridis (unsecured) 

The
Company's subsidiary, BSSD Group, LLC borrowed 269,000 from Viridis, a related party, in December 2019. This note bears annualized interest
at 15 . On May 1, 2020, under a troubled debt restructuring, the Company renegotiated the 269,000 note payable. Accrued interest in
the amount of 14,666 was added to the principal balance of the note, making the total principal 283,666. As part of the restructuring,
the Company issued 400,000 warrants exercisable into the Company's common stock. The warrants have an exercise price of .05 and a term
of 5 years. Payments of principal and interest in the amount of 9,833 are due monthly, with a balloon payment of all outstanding principal
and interest is due upon the note's maturity. The debt and warrants were recorded at their relative fair values. The resulting discount
is amortized to interest expense over the term of the debt. At September 30, 2022 the Company was not in compliance with the terms of
this note, however, subsequent to September 30, 2022, the default cure period was extended to March 1, 2023. 

(i)
Strive Note 

The
Company entered into a note payable with the Strive Management sellers in February 2020. The 1,000,000 note had a term of two years
starting September 30, 2020 and bears interest at 2 per year. A principal payment in the amount of 500,000 was due on the earlier of
October 10, 2020 or three months following the date on which each provisional certificate becomes a final certificate. The remaining
balance was to be paid in quarterly installments of 62,500 plus accrued interest. Due to the low stated interest rate on the note, management
imputed additional interest on the note. During the year ended September 30, 2022, this note was repaid in full. 

(l)
Upwise Capital 

In
August 2021, the Company executed on a short-term financing arrangement. The proceeds of 2.4 million are being utilized to further expand
the production capabilities of the operations in Arizona and to complete the Nevada facility. Payments of 64,762 were due weekly until
 3.264 million was repaid. This results in an effective interest rate of 36 . 

On
January 26, 2022, the Company executed a second short-term financing arrangement. The proceeds of 2.5 million were used to repay the
first short-term financing arrangement, discussed above, in the amount of approximately 1.839 million, and the remainder of the proceeds
were used for working capital purposes. Payments of 66,468 were due weekly until 3.35 million had been repaid. This resulted in an
effective interest rate of 36 . The repayment of the first short-term financing was accounted for as an extinguishment. As such, all
previously unamortized discount in the amount of 46,588 and imputed interest in the amount of 483,840 was capitalized to construction
in progress during January 2022. Fees paid for the second short-term financing arrangement in the amount of 91,000 have been recorded
as a discount and will be amortized to interest expense over the term of the arrangement. 

On
July 22, 2022, the Company executed a third short-term financing arrangement with Upwise Capital. The proceeds of approximately 1.954
million were used to repay the second short-term financing arrangement discussed above and the Upwise Capital 2 financing arrangement
(see (v)). Payments of 51,552 are due weekly until approximately 2.598 million has been repaid. This results in an effective interest
rate of 33 . The repayment of the second short-term financing was accounted for as an extinguishment. At July 22, 2022 there was an unamortized
discount in the amount of 52,358 and imputed interest in the amount of 251,927. Of this 304,285 balance, 52,358 was recorded to interest
expense, 122,148 was recorded to loss on extinguishment of debt and 129,779 was capitalized to construction in progress during July
2022. 

(n)
Automotive Debt 

In
December 2020, the Company's subsidiary, BSSD Group, financed the purchase of vehicles for use in operations. The initial principal balance
of the note was 50,914. Principal and interest payments of 4,450 were due monthly. This debt was repaid during the year ended September
30, 2022. 

(o)
OCG Officers Debt 

As
part of the OCG transaction in March 2021, the Company assumed the debt that OCG, Inc. owed to its officers. Principal and interest payments
are due monthly with a balloon payment of all outstanding principal and interest due at maturity. 

(p)
Stockbridge Amended Debt 

In
February 2021, the Company and Stockbridge Enterprises, a related party, under a troubled debt restructuring, agreed to restructure and
settle its outstanding notes. The total outstanding balance of 1,660,590, including accrued interest, were to be repaid under a new
promissory note, calling for a down payment of 300,000 (paid at time of signing), 120,000 monthly payments for 11 months with the remaining
balance of 40,590 payable on February 1, 2022. This agreement was amended to extend the maturity date to March 31, 2022 and starting
with the October 1, 2021 payment, the loan payments are interest only at an interest rate of 15 per annum until January 25, 2022. Principal
payments in the amount of 50,000 are due on January 25, 2022, February 15, 2022 and March 15, 2022, with a final payment of the remaining
principal and accrued interest due on March 31, 2022. Upon closing of an equity raise of at least 750,000, the Company will repay the
outstanding balance plus any accrued interest immediately. As part of the amendment, the Company issued 164,744 warrants to purchase
the Company s common stock. The warrants have a two-year period and an exercise price of 1.00. The resulting discount of 58,352
was fully amortized to interest expense during the year ended September 30, 2022. 

Effective
March 31, 2022, the debt was amended to extend the maturity date to June 30, 2022, interest payments are due on April 1, May 1 and
June 1, 2022. Principal payments in the amount of 50,000 are due on April 15, May 15 and June 15, 2022 and a final balloon payment
of outstanding principal and interest in the amount of 223,972 is due on June 30, 2022. At September 30, 2022, this note was in
default, however, the Company and lender have agreed to the terms of an extension
in principle, which calls for monthly payments and a final maturity date in December 2023. 

(q,
r) Pelorus Notes 

The
Company entered into two notes payable with Pelorus Fund REIT, LLC in August 2021. The total 19,000,000 borrowing has a term of 18 months.
Interest only payments in the amount of 253,333 are due monthly and all outstanding principal and interest are due on the maturity date.
Upon payment in full of these notes, an exit fee of 1 of the then outstanding balance is payable to the lender. The Company has accrued
this success fee and it is amortized to interest expense over the term of the notes. The notes included warrants to purchase a total
of 2,850,000 shares of the Company s common stock for 1.75 per share, with a 3.5 year term. The debt and warrants were recorded
at their relative fair values. The resulting discount is amortized to interest expense over the term of the debt. The Pelorus notes are
currently in default and the Company is working with the lenders to cure the default. 

(s)
Viridis 500,000 

On
September 30, 2021, the Company borrowed 500,000 from Viridis Group I9 Capital LLC, a related party. The proceeds of the debt were used
to make a payment on the outstanding unpaid payroll tax liability. The debt and warrants were recorded
at their relative fair values. The resulting discount in the amount of 284,534 is amortized to interest expense over the term of the
debt. As of September 30, 2022, the terms of this debt had not been finalized. Subsequent to September 30, 2022, this debt was combined
with other Viridis outstanding debt and related accrued interest into one Unsecured Promissory Note. See Note 16. 

(t)
Chessler note 

Prior
to the acquisition, OCG entered into a settlement agreement with its former landlord, which included a note agreement for 500,000. During
March 2022, this note agreement was modified to extend the maturity date to July 19, 2022 and add an interest rate of 18 per annum.
The modified note also calls for principal payments of 75,000 on the effective date of the note, 75,000 on April 10, 2022, 100,000
on May 22, 2022 and 250,000 at maturity, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The note was repaid during the year ended September 30, 2022. 

(u)
Lendspark 

In
February 2022, the Company executed on a short-term financing arrangement for proceeds of 750,000. Payments of 20,400 were due weekly
until approximately 1.02 million was repaid. This results in an effective interest rate of approximately 36 . Fees in the amount of
 48,765 have been recorded as a discount and are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the arrangement. 

On
July 22, 2022, the Company entered into a second short-term financing arrangement with Lendspark. The proceeds of 0.65 million were
used to repay the previous Lendspark short-term financing in the amount of 0.591 million, and the remainder of the proceeds, approximately
 0.05 million was used for working capital purposes. Payments of 17,680 are due weekly until 0.884 million has been repaid. This results
in an effective interest rate of 36 . Fees in the amount of 6,500 have been recorded as a discount and are being amortized to interest
expense over the term of the arrangement. See Note 16. 

(v)
Upwise Capital 2 

In
February 2022, the Company executed on a short-term financing arrangement with Upwise Capital for proceeds of 250,000. Payments of 6,746
were due weekly until 340,000 is repaid. This results in an effective interest rate of approximately 36 . Fees in the amount of 16,255
have been recorded as a discount and are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the arrangement. During July 2022, this
note was repaid in full. See (l) above. 

(w)
Viridis working capital loans 

During
the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company received several short-term working capital loans from Viridis, a related party, in the
amount of 5,253,256. The terms of these short-term loans were still being determined at September 30, 2022, however, an interest rate
of 15 has been estimated. Subsequent to September 30, 2022, these short-term working capital loans were combined with other Viridis
outstanding debt and related accrued interest into one Unsecured Promissory Note. See Note 16. 

(x)
Non-convertible Gaines Note 

On
March 10, 2022, the Company entered into a short-term promissory note for 250,000. The short-term promissory note was due and payable
in monthly payments of interest only, with all principal and any accrued and unpaid interest due at maturity. Effective September 30,
2022, this note was amended to extend the maturity date to March 31, 2023. As part of the amendment, the Company issued 100,000 shares
of its common stock. The resulting discount of 40,000 was recorded to interest expense on the date of the amendment. 

(y)
Nebrina Adams County Note 

Effective
with the close of the Adams County acquisition (see Note 4), the Company entered into a note for 200,000 with the seller as part of
the purchase price. The note is payable in six installments on the last day of each three-month period following the Closing Date. At
September 30, 2022, this note was in default. 

(z)
Capybara Capital 

In
July 2022, the Company entered into short-term financing arrangement with Capybara Capital. The proceeds of 0.5 million were used for
working capital purposes. Payments of 18,889 are due weekly until 0.68 million has been repaid. This results in an effective interest
rate of 36 . Fees in the amount of 20,000 have been recorded as a discount and are being amortized to interest expense over the term
of the arrangement. 

The
unamortized discount will be amortized through November 2023. The future minimum payments of the Company s notes payable obligations
as of September 30, 2022 are as follows. 

2024 

Less: liabilities related to assets held for
 sale 

Less: unamortized discount 

Less: imputed interest 

Less: current portion 

A
summary of interest expense for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 is as follows. 

Stated interest paid or
 accrued 

Finance
 charges and other interest 

13,828,951 
 6,119,395 
 
 Less: interest capitalized
 to construction in progress 

6,414,530 
 5,295,349 

The
Company entered into a 60 month lease with VGI Citadel LLC, a related party, to rent office space for its corporate headquarters which
began in June 2019. The monthly lease payments were for the first twelve months and include all utilities and an estimated amount
for common area maintenance and real estate taxes. The monthly lease payments increase to , , , and for years two through five, respectively. Rent expense for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 on this lease was and , respectively.
Interest was imputed using a discount rate of 20 . The lease does not include renewal options. See Note 16. 

In
February 2022, the Company assumed a lease to rent approximately 3,100 square feet of retail space in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma as part
of the Oklahoma City acquisition disclosed in Note 4. The lease calls for base rent payments of 21 per square foot ), plus a prorated share of taxes, insurance and common area maintenance
expenses, per month and increasing each year by 3 through the end of the lease term on February 28, 2029. The lease may be extended for two additional 5 year periods. Rent expense for the years ended September
30, 2022 and 2021 on this lease was and . Interest was imputed using a discount rate of 18 . 

In
March 2022, the Company assumed a lease to rent approximately 2,650 square feet of retail space in Adams County, Colorado as part of
the Adams County acquisition disclosed in Note 4. The lease calls for base rent payments of , plus a prorated share of operating costs of the building, per month and escalate each
year to in the final year which ends on February 1, 2024. The lease may be
extended for one additional 3 year period. Rent expense for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 on this lease was and
 , respectively. Interest was imputed using a discount rate of 18 . 

In
September 2021, the Company signed a seven-year lease to rent approximately 3,000 square feet of retail space in Biddeford, Maine. The lease calls for base rent payments of ,
plus taxes and operating expenses, per month for the first year and escalate each year to per month in year seven. The lease may be extended for two terms of 5 years each. The commencement of this lease is contingent
upon the issuance and receipt of a license and city approval. The agreement will terminate if the contingency is not met. At September
30, 2022, the contingency has not been met, however, control over the use of the leased premises has been received by the Company. As
such, the Company has recorded the right of use asset and liability to the consolidated balance sheet. Rent expense for the years ended
September 30, 2022 and 2021 on this lease was and , respectively. Interest was imputed using a discount rate of 18 . 

The
future lease payments are as follows. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Less:
 imputed interest 

Less:
 current portion: 

In
October 2021, the Company entered into a commercial lease agreement to rent 12,000 square feet located in Denver, Colorado. The lease has a term of five years with escalating monthly base
rent beginning at and escalating each year to in year five. Commencement
of the lease is contingent upon the Company receiving an approved retail license within 120 days from October 22, 2021. The agreement
will terminate if the contingency is not met. As of September 30, 2022, the contingency has not been met and the Company is currently
considering its options in regards to this agreement. Rent expense for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 on this lease was
 and , respectively. The future minimum rental payments under this lease have not been included in the Company s right
of use asset and liability at September 30, 2022 or the future lease payments schedule above. 

As
of September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company has accrued unpaid payroll taxes and estimated penalties and interest of approximately 
and , respectively, and is included in accrued payroll and payroll taxes in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The
Company has agreed to make monthly payments of , beginning March 1, 2022, to pay this liability, however, the Company has not
made a monthly payment since July 1, 2022. Further, during the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company received approximately 
of Employee Retention Credits ERCs that were used to reduce the unpaid payroll tax liability. The Company is anticipating
that it will receive an additional approximately of ERCs that will also be used to reduce the unpaid payroll tax liability. 

There
are no material pending legal proceedings, outside of the ordinary course of business, in which the Company or any of its subsidiaries
is a party or in which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than 5 of any
class of its voting securities, or security holder is a party adverse to us or has a material interest adverse to the Company. 

million plus expenses. The
land-owner is one of the original members of BSSD and a current non-executive employee of the Company. 

As
discussed in Note 8, the Company has entered into various loan agreements with Viridis or its related entities. One member of Viridis
serves on the Company s board of directors and another member of Viridis served on the Company s board of directors and as
the Company s Chief Executive Officer until November 23, 2022. 

As
discussed in Note 8, the Company has a loan agreement with Stockbridge Enterprises as of September 30, 2021. Stockbridge Enterprises
holds more than 5 of the Company s common stock. 

As
discussed in Note 8, as part of the OCG transaction in March 2021, the Company assumed the debt that OCG, Inc. owed to its officers.
One of these officers is a director and officer of the Company. This officer s note has a maturity date of April 1, 2024 and an
interest rate of 10 per annum. Principal and interest payments are due monthly with a balloon payment of all outstanding principal and
interest due at maturity. This officer s note had a principal balance of and accrued interest of at September 30,
2022. See Note 16. 

As
discussed in Note 10, the Company has a lease agreement with VGI Capital LLC. One member of VGI Capital LLC serves on the Company s
board of directors and another member of VGI Capital LLC served on the Company s board of directors and served as the Company s
Chief Executive Officer until November 23, 2022. 

During
the year-ended September 30, 2021, the Company exchanged shares of common stock, valued at , for the purchase of certain
equipment from two related parties. These related parties are owned by a member of Viridis and his sibling. 

During
the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company purchased cultivation supplies from a related party in the amount of 
and , respectively. This related party is owned by the father of a stockholder that holds more than 5 of the Company s
common stock. 

During
the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred amounts due to a related party for expenses that the related party
paid on the Company s behalf. These expenses included property taxes, utilities, legal expenses and interest on farm purchases.
The amounts incurred during the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. This related party is
owned by the father of a stockholder that holds more than 5 of the Company s common stock. 

Included
in our accounts payable at September 30, 2022 and 2021 is approximately , and , respectively in amounts due to related
parties. 

. The following assets
and liability are included under Corporate in Note 15. 

Licenses 

Valuation
 allowance 

Liabilities related to assets held for sale 

Debt 

F- 29 

4.8 

Warrants
 granted 

3.2 

Exercised 

Balance of warrants at September 30, 2021 

3.9 

Warrants
 granted 

3.1 

Exercised 

Forfeited/Cancelled 

Balance of warrants at
 September 30, 2022 

3.7 

(1) 
 The
 aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying awards and the closing price
 of the Company s common stock as of September 30, 2022, for those awards that have an exercise price currently below the closing
 price as of September 30, 2022. Awards with an exercise price above the closing prices as of September 30, 2022 are considered to
 have no intrinsic value. 

The
warrants exercised during the year ended September 30, 2021, were exercised utilizing the cashless exercise provisions contained in the
warrant agreements. 

The
Company estimates the fair value of warrants issued using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The following range of assumptions
were used during the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, excluding the warrants issued in the acquisition of OCG, Inc.,
which were determined by a third party valuation (see Note 4) and excluding the whole warrants issued as part of the Company s
unit offering. 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Risk-free interest
 rate 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Expected term (years) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

Black-scholes value 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock
Options 

On
June 21, 2019, our shareholders voted to approve the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan ). Pursuant to the 2019 Plan,
the maximum aggregate number of Shares available under the Plan through awards is the lesser of: (i) 6,000,000 shares, increased each
anniversary date of the adoption of the plan by 2 percent of the then-outstanding shares, or (b) 10,000,000 shares. We have 
shares available for issuance under the 2019 Plan. The maximum contractual term of the award is 10 years. The vesting period for options
outstanding at September 30, 2022 ranges from zero to three years. 

The
following table summarizes the Company s stock option activity for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021: 

9.2 

Options
 granted 

9.8 

Exercised 

8.8 

Forfeited/Cancelled 

Balance of Options at September 30, 2021 

8.9 

Options
 granted 

8.8 

Exercised 

8.3 

Forfeited/Cancelled 

Balance of Options at
 September 30, 2022 

8.3 

Exercisable at September 30, 2021 

8.1 

Unvested at September 30, 2021 

Exercisable at September 30, 2022 

7.6 

Unvested at September 30, 2022 

Number
 of Options 
 Weighted
 Average Grant Date Fair Value 

Unvested at September 30, 2021 

Unvested at September 30, 2022 

Granted during the year ended September 30, 2021 

Granted during the year ended September 30, 2022 

Vested during the year ended September 30, 2022 

Forfeited during year ended September 30, 2022 

(1) 
 The
 aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying awards and the closing price
 of the Company s common stock as of September 30, 2022, for those awards that have an exercise price currently below the closing
 price as of September 30, 2022. Awards with an exercise price above the closing prices as of September 30, 2022 are considered to
 have no intrinsic value. 

The
Company estimates the fair value of stock options granted using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The following range of assumptions
were used during the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021. 

- 
 - 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected term (years) 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

Black-scholes value 
 
 - 
 - 

During
the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company did not receive proceeds for the exercise of stock options due to cashless exercise
provisions contained in the respective agreements. During the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company recognized compensation expense
of . At September 30, 2022, there was of total unrecognized compensation cost. This unrecognized cost is expected
to be recognized over the weighted average vesting period of 1.1 years. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company received for the exercise of stock options. During the year ended September
30, 2021, the Company recognized compensation expense of . 

Deferred benefit 

Change in valuation allowance 

Net income tax benefit 

The
following table summarizes the effects of the significant differences between the U.S. federal statutory tax rate and the Company s
effective tax rate for financial statement purposes for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021: 

State income taxes 

Permanent differences and other 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective rate 

The
components of net deferred taxes are as follows: 

Allowance for doubtful
 accounts 

Stock based compensation 

Interest expense 

Impairment expense 

Loss on assets held for
 sale 

Depreciation and amortization
 expense 

Other 

Net
 operating loss carryforwards 

Total net deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

The
Company has net operating loss carryforwards on its Federal and State income tax filings of approximately and 30,625,000,
respectively at September 30, 2022. The Company is subject to limitations existing under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 relating to
the availability of the net operating losses. Such limitation of the net operating losses may have occurred, which we have not fully
analyzed at this time as we have fully reserved the net deferred tax asset. However, given the equity issuances during the years ended
September 30, 2022 and prior, it is likely that a section 382 limitation has been incurred. The Company s federal and state NOLs
expire as follows: 

2030 

2031 

2032 

2033 

2034 

2035 

2036 

2038 

2039 

2040 

2041 

2042 

Indefinitely 

F- 33 

Operating
 income (loss) 

Interest
 expense 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Additions
 to property, equipment and construction in progress 

At
 September 30, 2022 

Property,
 equipment and construction in progress, net 

Total
 assets (after intercompany eliminations) 

Year
 ended September 30, 2021 

Revenues
 from external customers 

Operating
 income (loss) 

Interest
 expense 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Additions
 to property, equipment and construction in progress 

At
 September 30, 2021 

Property,
 equipment and construction in progress, net 

Total
 assets (after intercompany eliminations) 

On
November 2, 2022, the note payable of an officer and director of the Company was converted at 0.25 per share into 1,158,318 shares of
the Company s common stock. 

On
November 3, 2022, the Company entered into a short-term promissory note in the amount of 500,000. This promissory note includes an interest
rate of 20 per annum and matures on May 3, 2023. Interest only payments are due monthly and all principal and any unpaid interest are
due at maturity. The Company issued 300,000 shares of its common stock to the lender. 

On
November 23, 2022, the terms of 2.3 million warrants owned by our current chief executive officer were amended. The amendment included
reducing the exercise price of the warrants from 3.00 per share to .50 per share and extending the term by four months. 

Effective
December 1, 2022, the Company entered into an Unsecured Promissory Note with Viridis Group Holdings, LLC, a related party. The purpose
of the Unsecured Promissory Note was to agree upon the terms for the short term loans that this related party had previously provided
to the Company. See (s) and (w) in Note 8 above. Including interest accrued from the date of the short-term loans to the effective date
of the agreement, the principal amount of the Unsecured Promissory Note is 6,203,930. The Unsecured Promissory Note has a stated interest
rate of 15 per annum and matures on May 21, 2024. 

Further,
effective December 1, 2022, the Company entered into an Extension Agreement with Viridis Group Holdings regarding promissory notes for
which the Company was in default. See (C-2), (f) and (h) in Note 8 above. Under the Extension Agreement, the Default Cure Period has
been extended to March 1, 2023 to allow the Company and the lender to negotiate a consolidation and amendment of the debt. No such amendment
has been agreed to as of the filing date. 

The
Company granted 532,673 stock options have been granted to employees, including our former and current chief executive officers. 

The
Company and VGI Citadel LLC entered into an Agreement to Terminate Lease for its corporate offices which called for the termination of
the lease with VGI Citadel LLC, a related party, effective December 20, 2022. As part of the lease termination, the Company entered into
a note payable with VGI Citadel LLC for 25,922, the amount of rent owed at the time of termination. The note carries an interest rate
of 1 per annum and matures on December 20, 2022. This note is currently in default and the Company is working with the lender to cure
the default 

F-35 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 inlb0113form10kexh31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

SECTION 302 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Michael Weinberger, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K
of Item 9 Labs Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(a)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: January @@, 2023 

 /s/ Michael Weinberger 

 Michael Weinberger 

 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 inlb0113form10kexh31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

SECTION 302 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Robert Mikkelsen, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K
of Item 9 Labs Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(a)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: January @@, 2023 

 /s/ Robert Mikkelsen 

 Robert Mikkelsen 

 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 inlb0113form10kexh32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, AS ADOPTED 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Item 9 Labs
Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael Weinberger, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the dates and
periods covered by the Report. 

This certificate is being made for the exclusive purpose
of compliance by the Principal Executive and Financial and Accounting Officer of the Company with the requirements of Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and may not be disclosed, distributed or used by any person or for any reason other than as specifically required
by law. 

/s/ Michael Weinberger 

 Michael Weinberger 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 January @@, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 inlb0113form10kexh32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, AS ADOPTED 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Item 9 Labs
Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Robert Mikkelsen, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

1. The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the dates
and periods covered by the Report. 

This certificate is being made for the exclusive purpose
of compliance by the Principal Executive and Financial and Accounting Officer of the Company with the requirements of Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and may not be disclosed, distributed or used by any person or for any reason other than as specifically required
by law. 

/s/ Robert Mikkelsen 

 Robert Mikkelsen 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 January @@, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 inlb-20220930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 inlb-20220930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 inlb-20220930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 inlb-20220930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

